I think it has to do with the fact that the crowd is so close to the instruments. 

When you hear a band play, you can feel the vibrations of the instruments, but you can't actually hear the music.  You can hear the people singing along to the music, but not the music itself.  It's like being in a room full of people who are all singing at the same time.
I think it's because it's the look of the movie. 

Hitchcock's To Catch a Thief was set in the 1950s and 1960s.  It was a time when the fashion was very different from what it is today.  In the movie, it was fashionable for men to wear tight jeans and leather jackets, and women to wear spandex or leather trousers.
A bush is a plant that grows along the ground. 

A tree is a tree that grows out of the ground, and a shrub is one that grows in the trees.

The difference between a bush and a tree is that a bush has secondary growth, meaning that it grows outwards from the base of the trunk, while a tree has primary growth, which means that the trunk thickens each year by growing outwards in addition to the primary upwards growth.
It's not hard to breathe with a strong air gust blowing straight at your face, it's hard to breath with a gust blowing directly at your lungs. 

Your lungs are open to the air, so when the wind blows straight at you, it pushes the air out of your lungs and into your mouth.

When you're at sea level, your lungs are closed, so the air coming in from the air around you is pushed against the walls of your mouth, and the air that's coming out of the air in front of you is pushing against the air on the other side of your face.
It doesn't necessarily mean you will get cancer if you have these genes. 

If you have a mutation in a gene that causes cancer, it means that you are more likely to develop cancer.

But if you don't have the mutation, it doesn't mean that you won't get cancer.
The Super Bowl is the last game of the regular season.  It's the last regular season game before the playoffs.

It's also the last week of the season before the NFL's regular season is over.  The regular season ends on a Sunday, so the teams have a chance to rest up for the big game.
I think it's because when you type, you're using a different letter "a" than when you write. When you write, you use the same letter "A" as you do when typing.
It is possible for women to 'take' things in a divorce, but only if they are willing to forfeit the financial assistance in exchange for him initiating the divorce.
We don't know. 

We know that other people see the same things we do, but we can't see them because we don't have the same color receptors in our eyes as we do.
A plane is a plane that is designed to fly. 

Jet engines are engines that are designed to be able to fly at high altitudes.

Airplanes are designed for low-altitude travel.  They are usually low-winged, meaning that they can take off and land on their own, but they are also designed for long-haul flights.  This means that they have to be designed to carry a lot of weight.  A plane that can carry a ton of weight can fly at higher altitudes, but can't fly as high as a jet.  So they are designed
Megabits and megabytes are two different things.

Megabytes are the number of megabytes of data that can be transferred at a given speed. 

A megabyte is the amount of data you can transfer in a given amount of time.  If you're talking about downloading a file, you're using megabits because you're sending it to your computer at a rate of 1 megabit per second.  You're sending a megabyte of data at a speed of 1 Mb/s.  So if you want to download a file at 1 MB/s, you need to send
Depression is not a disease. It is a mental illness. It can be treated with medication. 

If your spouse believes it's not a real disease and can be controlled by deciding to not be sad, then it is.
Because it's a tax deduction. 

1/100 of 1 cent is 1/10 of 1% of the price of the item.
I think it's because it's easier for them to roll in poop than it is for you to clean it up.
Sound effects are often used to enhance the atmosphere of a scene. 

For example, when you hear a gunshot, you're hearing the sound of a bullet hitting a person, but you're not hearing the actual sound of the bullet hitting the person.

When you hear the high pitch sound, you hear it as if it's coming from a distance, but it's actually coming from the ground.  The sound is amplified to make it seem closer to the person who is being shot.  This makes it seem like the bullet is coming from far away, but in reality it's hitting the ground at
The government is not legally allowed to hide a bill within a larger bill. The Constitution says that the government can't do that.
The wifi on an airplane can't identify and block VoIP calls.

It's not just data, it's also audio and video. 

When you talk to someone on the phone, the phone is using the same frequency as the air traffic control tower.  So if you're talking to someone in the tower, the tower is using that same frequency, and the plane is using a different frequency.
The value of the dollar is determined by the exchange rate between the dollar and the Euro.

If the Euro is worth more than the dollar, then the US will have to print more money to pay off its debt.
I'm not sure what you mean by "poacher hunters" but I'll try to give you an idea.

Poachers are people who kill animals to make a living. 

There are two types of poachers: the "hunters" and the "anti-poachers".

The "poachers" are the ones who kill the animals because they want to make money for themselves and their families.  They are the people who hunt the animals for sport.  The "anti" poachers are those who hunt for sport because they don't want to lose their jobs.
It was during the Cultural Revolution. 

The Chinese government was trying to impose a strict form of democracy on the Chinese people.  They wanted to make it so that the government would not be able to control the people, and that the people would be allowed to express themselves freely.

In order to do this, the Chinese government decided to create a "people's square" in the middle of the city.  
   

   >   The government decided that they would allow the people to gather in the center of the square, but they would not allow them to do so
When water and ice are clear, they absorb light at the red end of the spectrum, so the light that strikes them is absorbed, and most of the light is scattered, so it appears to be white.

When snow is made of transparent ice crystals, it reflects light in all directions, so most of it is reflected.
If you want to be a whistle blower, you have to go through the proper channels. 

If you don't want to get fired for whistleblowing, you can file a police report, or you can go to the police.
It depends on what you mean by "technically dead".

In the US, a person is considered dead when the electrical activity in their brain ceases, regardless of continuing life in the body and parts of the brain. 

If the brain stops working, it is considered to be dead.

The same goes for the heart, lungs, kidneys, liver, and kidneys. If they stop working, they are considered dead.
I think it's because when you say your cat's name, you're trying to get it to look at you. When you make a kissy noise, it's more of a signal to the cat that you want it to come to you.
In a direct democracy, the government is directly elected by the people.

In a parliamentary democracy, people vote for the government to be directly elected. 

The difference is that in direct democracies, there is no real separation of powers between the legislative and executive.  The President of the United States, for example, has the power to appoint judges, appoint the supreme court, appoint ambassadors, appoint members of the cabinet, etc. 


In parliamentary democracies, the legislature is elected directly, and the President is indirectly elected.
You can buy antibiotics over-the-counter in the US, but it's not for the same reason you can't buy them in other countries.

Antibiotics are used to treat bacterial infections, but they're not used for everything. They're used to prevent infections that are not treatable with antibiotics, and they're used for things that are treatable without antibiotics. 

If you have a bacterial infection, you can get antibiotics for it, but if you have an infection that isn't treatable by antibiotics, you're not going to be able to get them over the counter.
Sleep paralysis is caused by a malfunctioning part of the brain called the [REM sleep system](_URL_0_). This is the part of your brain that is responsible for dreaming and waking up during REM sleep. When you are in REM sleep, your brain sends signals to your muscles telling them to stop moving, which causes them to do so.

When you wake up in the morning, the REM sleep system is still malfunctioning, and your muscles are still trying to get back to normal. This causes you to feel like you are being held down by something, and you can't move.
When you whistle, the air in your mouth is being pushed against the inside of your mouth. 

When you blow through your nose, you are pushing air out of your nose into your mouth, and the air is pushed back in through your cheeks.

Your mouth is filled with air, so when you blow, it pushes the air out through your mouth and down your throat.
Banks don't insure your money for around 100k, they insure your assets.

If you have $100k in cash, you can put it in a bank account, and the bank will pay you back. 

But if you have a lot of money, and you want to invest it, you have to put it into a trust fund. The trust fund is a pool of money that you put in, and when you invest in a company, you pay the trust fund back.
The voltage is regulated by a series resistor. 

A series resistor is just a series of pins that are connected to each other.

When you connect a current to one of these pins, the voltage is proportional to the amount of current flowing through it.  If the current is too high, it will cause the voltage to drop.  So, if the voltage drops too low, it causes the current to rise.  This is how voltage regulation works.
Yes, it is possible for a shape or object to lack any positions where it can be balanced.

It's possible for an object to be balanced in more than one position, but it's not possible for it to be stable in any one position.
It's a combination of interviews with the soldiers themselves, as well as the media. 

Most of the time, the soldiers are the subject of the documentary.  They are the subjects of the interviews, and they are the ones who are being interviewed.  It's not uncommon for them to be interviewed by other soldiers as well.
They don't owe themselves money. They borrow money from other countries. 

They borrow it from central banks.

The central bank is the bank that controls the money supply of the country.  The central bank creates money for the government to spend.  If the central bank wants to spend money, it creates more money.  This is called "quantitative easing".  It's the same thing that the Federal Reserve does.  It creates money to buy things like stocks, bonds, and other investments.  When they do this, they use that money to pay off other people's debt.
Google has been playing the game for a long time. 

It's not like it's a new game, it's been around for a while.  It's a game that has been around since the early days of mobile games, and it's already been played by a lot of people.

Google is the first company to make a game like this, and they've been playing it for a very long time, so they know how to make it work.
The white ball has a higher surface area than any of the other balls. 

The other balls have a lower surface area, which is why the white ball passes through the chute.
The prongs are where the outlet prongs go, not where the plug is. 

If you move the plug to the other end of the cord, you're moving the prongs out of the way of the plug, which means that the plug will not be able to connect to the device that is being powered.
Dinosaurs lived during the Cretaceous-Paleogene extinction event, which wiped out most of the dinosaurs. 

We don't know which dinosaurs/species lived in each age, but we can tell which ones lived in which age by the fossils they left behind.

The difference in prehistoric ages, and how we know which dinosaur/species died in each, is that we don't have a lot of fossils to compare them to, so we have to look at what we have now.
Net neutrality is the principle that the internet should not be a resource that is dominated by one particular group, specifically those with more money to spend on Internet access. 

For example, if you want to watch a movie on Netflix, you should be able to watch it on Netflix.  But if you have a cable company that wants to stream Netflix, they should be allowed to do so.

But if you're a small business, you can't afford to pay for Netflix, so you don't want them to have access to Netflix.
It's called absinthe. 

Absinthe is made from wormwood, which is a naturally occurring hallucinogen.

It's not a thing, it's just a myth.
It's not that scratches on a disc destroy data, it's that if you scratch the top layer of the disc, the laser will not be able to read the data on the bottom layer, so the data will be overwritten. 

A resurfacer uses a special tool called a laser refractor to remove the dirt and dust from the top of the disk, and then uses a laser to write the data back to the bottom.
It's a safety measure.

If a knife is too big, it can't be used to cut cheese and bread. 

But if it's too small, it's not.
ALS is a degenerative disease of the motor neurons in the brain. It affects the nerves that control the muscles that control movement, such as the muscles in your arms, hands, legs, and feet. When these nerves are damaged, they can no longer function properly, and they can't communicate with each other.

ALS is caused by damage to the nerve cells in your brain that control your muscles, which causes them to stop working properly. This is called Lou Gehrig's disease, and it's caused by a protein called amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS). 

It's a very deadly disease
The US doesn't "go to war" for oil, they go to war to protect their oil interests. 

It's not like they can just drill for oil and transport it across the globe without anyone noticing!
When you are driving a manual transmission, you are using the stick shift to shift from 1st gear to 2nd gear.  

When you use an automatic transmission, the gear stick is on the floor of the transmission, and you use the steering wheel to move it up and down.  When you use a stick shift, you're using your hands to move the stick to the right, and the car is using the left.

If you're driving a stick-shift car, you can use the gear-stick to shift into 1st, 2nd, 3rd, or 4th gear
Stress causes your body to release a hormone called cortisol, which causes your skin to produce cortisol. This hormone is released by your skin and your body's immune system. When you are stressed, your body releases cortisol, and your skin releases cortisol in response to the stress. The cortisol is released into your skin by your body, and when your body is stressed, it releases cortisol into your bloodstream, which triggers the production of epidermis, which is the outer layer of your skin. 

Epidermis is the layer of skin that protects your skin from bacteria, viruses, and other bacteria. When your
It's a combination of things. 

1. Electrocution

2. A fall from the height of a tall bridge into water may be fatal, although people have survived jumps from high bridges such as the Golden Gate Bridge.

3. The force of the impact can cause severe internal injuries, such as broken bones, internal bleeding, and severe internal bleeding.
It's not easy to take a photo of a galaxy from the ground, but it's possible to use a telescope to get a very wide field of view. 

You can take photos of galaxies with a wide angle lens, or you can use a camera that has a very long focal length and a long exposure time.

I'm not an astrophotographer, but I can give you an idea of how it's done. 


_URL_0_

The first thing to know is that you have to be careful not to overexpose the image.  If you take a
Chocolate milk contains a lot of minerals and electrolytes, which help to replenish the fluids lost during the workout. 

Chocolate is also rich in flavonoids, which helps to reduce inflammation and slow or prevent the development of atherosclerosis.
Yes, they do. They are entitled to compensation for the time they spent in prison. 

In the US, there is a compensation fund for people who have been found not-guilty of a crime.  It's called the Sentencing Reform Act of 1984, and it was passed by Congress in 1984.

Basically, it's a way for the government to compensate people who were wrongfully convicted of crimes.
They don't get involved in drug trafficking. 

They get involved because they are doing their job.
It's not that they're clear, it's that the light from the sun reflects off of them. 

When you wear sunglasses, the light is bouncing off of the glass and bouncing off the back of your eyes.  This is called "glare" and it's caused by the light refraction.  When the light hits the glass, it bounces off of it and bounces back off of your eyeball.  The light refracts and reflects back into your eye, causing it to appear as a black shadow.  If you're not wearing sunglasses, you can't see it because the light
It's a safety thing. 

When you put a fuel cap on the back of a car, you're not changing the shape of the fuel cap.  You're changing the size of the cap, not the shape.  If you put the cap in the middle of the car, it's not going to be as easy to change as if you put it in the front.
Itchy is caused by a chemical called histamine, which is released by your skin when it is exposed to a lot of heat. When you scratch your itch, the histamine is released, which makes it itchier.
It depends on what you mean by "eye contact". 

If you are looking at your reflection, you are making eye contact with your reflection.  If you look at someone else, you're looking at their reflection as well.
They don't.

They use radar. 

Radar is a very good way to determine the speed of a car.  It uses the distance between the car and the speedometer.  If there is a lot of traffic, the radar will pick up the difference in speed between the two cars and use that to calculate the average speed of the cars.  The average speedometer is calibrated to the actual speedometer, so it can tell which car is going faster than the other car.
Puerto Rico is a territory of the United States.  It is not a state, it is a Commonwealth.  This means that it does not have the same rights as a state.  The federal government has full say over the affairs of the island, but the island's government is not fully autonomous.  

The federal government is responsible for foreign affairs and defense.  They are also responsible for economic affairs, but they are not fully independent from the federal government.
Wifi waves travel through walls because they are waves. 

A wall is a very good conductor of light.  If you look at a wall, you will notice that it has a very high permittivity.  This means that it is very good at absorbing light.

When light hits the wall, it bounces off of it.  It bounces off the walls because the walls are very dense.  When light hits a wall that is very dense, it will bounce off of the walls.  The same is true of radio waves, which are also very strong conductors.  They bounce off
It's not that you should care about NSA spying on you, it's that the NSA is spying on the people who care about the NSA.

The NSA has been spying on people for a long time, and they have been doing so without a warrant. 

If you're not doing something wrong then you don't have anything to worry about. If you're doing something illegal, then you do.
Your brain is made up of a bunch of chemicals called neurotransmitters. When you sleep, these chemicals are released into your brain, and when you wake up, they are released back into the brain. 

When you dream, your brain is trying to make sense of all of these chemicals, and it's trying to figure out what's going on in your dreams.

If you're having a bad dream, it's because your brain thinks you're being chased by something, or you're in danger, or something is going to happen to you, and you don't know what it is.
It depends on the state. 

In the U.S. there is a law called the Uniform Child Custody Jurisdiction and Enforcement Act (UCJJA).  It basically says that the court has the power to decide who has custody of the child.  It's a very complicated issue, and it's not something that can be decided in a single court hearing.  The court has to make sure that the child is being looked after in a way that is consistent with the child's best interest, and that the parent is not abusing the child, or neglecting the child in any way.
The origin and/or purpose of the 5 cent refund on glass bottles is to encourage people to return the bottles and pay the tax on them.  

In the early days of the bottle return program, it was a way to discourage people from buying glass bottles because they didn't want to pay taxes on them because they thought it would be a waste of money.
I'm not Jewish, but I was brought up Jewish. 

I think it has to do with the fact that Jews have a strong sense of pride in their heritage, which is reflected in the way they are treated by the rest of the world.
The Concorde project was cancelled by the British government because they were losing money every year. The British government had lost money operating Concorde every year, and moves were made to cancel the service entirely. 

The US government was not keen to spend money on a supersonic aircraft because they felt that it would be a waste of money.
The Electoral College is a deliberative body that elects the president, not the people who vote for the president. 

The reason we have the electoral college is because it allows us to choose the president based on who we think is best suited to serve as president.

If the popular vote were the only way to decide who is the best candidate, we would have no electoral college.
It depends on the type of missile. 

If it's an ICBM, it's probably a test, but if it's a conventional missile, then it's most likely an attack.

In the case of a nuclear test, there's no way to know for sure, but there's a lot of factors that can go into it. 


1. The missile has a transponder, which is a radio transmitter that emits radio waves that can be picked up by the missile's guidance system. The guidance system can tell the missile where it is in relation to the ground, and the
It's because the camera is using a wide angle lens, not a telephoto lens. 

When you look directly into the camera lens, you're looking at it from the perspective of the person directly in front of you, not the person behind you.
Rape is not as traumatic as just getting beaten up.

It's not as physical as just being beaten up, it's more psychological. 

When you get raped, you're being attacked in a very personal way.  You're being raped in a way that you're not used to being attacked.  If you're used to getting hit by a car, you don't expect it to hurt as much.  When you're attacked by a stranger, you expect to be attacked in the same way, but you're expecting it to be more traumatic.
Geodes are formed by water evaporating from the earth's surface.  

Water evaporates from the Earth's surface into the ocean.  When the water evaporates out of the ocean, it leaves behind minerals and sedimentary rock.  These minerals are then broken down by the wind, which causes them to crystallize and form geodes.
I think it's because the weight of the leg is transferring to the sole of your shoe. 

When you're sitting down, your foot is resting on a hard surface, the weight is transferring from your foot to your shoe, which is why it feels relaxing.
It's not that razor refills are so damn expensive, it's that there are so many different types of razors out there. 

The blades are made of different materials, and they are made by different manufacturers.

There are two main types of blades, stainless steel and carbon steel.  The stainless steel blades are the ones that are more durable and last longer, and the carbon steel ones are more prone to rust and wear and tear.
If you were to blow up the financial buildings like they did in Fight Club and reset the debt record, what would that accomplish exactly?

First of all, it would cause a lot of collateral damage to the financial institutions.

Second, the debt would be reset to the original value of the financial institution, which would make it harder for them to borrow money from other people. 

Third, if they were able to do that, they would be able to sell the buildings for a lot more money than they were worth at the time of the fire sale.
When you look into UV light, you're looking at the back of your eye, which is the part of the eye that receives light from the sun, and the part that receives it from the UV light. 

When you have gel nails done, the gel nails are coated with a substance called keratin, which absorbs UV light and reflects it back to your eye.  This causes the light to bounce off of the keratin and bounce back into your eyes, causing them to look wavy.
It's called a "curved cane" because it's curved. 

It comes from a joke that a comedian told in the 70s and 80s where he said, "I don't know how to do this, but I'm going to do it with a curved cane" and the audience laughed at him.

The cane was invented in the 80s and 90s as a way to get the audience to laugh at the comedian.
It's called a [MicroTape](_URL_0_). It's a tape that is attached to a reel of tape. 

When you plug it into a player, you're connecting the tape to the player, and the player is connecting to the tape.

The tape is wound around the end of the reels, and when the tape is pulled out of the reel, it's attached to the take-up reel, which is the one you're plugging into the player.
When you work out, your muscles are made up of proteins called myofilaments. These proteins are the scaffolding necessary for the actin-myosin complex to undergo contraction.

When you take steroids, they inhibit the growth of your muscle fibers.
When you're watching a video stream, the video signal is being sent to your computer, and the audio signal is coming from your phone.

When the connection goes down, your computer slows down the video stream so that it can catch up with the audio.
It's called a "flower cut". 

_URL_0_
A cat-less exhaust is when the exhaust pipe is not resonated.  

A resonated exhaust is one that is resonated, which means that the air in the exhaust is pushed out of the pipe by the resonator, not the other way around.
In a free market, everyone has the right to buy and sell whatever they want.  

If you want to sell something, you have to go to a store and ask for a price.  If you don't have a store, you can't sell it to someone else.  You have to compete with other people for the same thing.

The government can't intervene in the free market.  They can't force people to buy things they don't want, or force them to sell things they do want.
Soda and milk are the same size, but the size of the bottle determines the amount of liquid in the bottle.

Soda is a fluid, milk is a liquid. 

When you open a bottle of soda, you're filling it with water.  You're filling up the bottle with water, which is the same amount of water as a gallon of milk.
We have to play nice with Pakistan because they are our neighbor. 

They are our biggest ally in the region and we are their biggest enemy in the world.
It's because your body doesn't know what's in your blood and what's not. 

Your body can't tell the difference between food poisoning and food poisoning.

It's the same reason you can't get food poisoning from a cut on your finger or under your fingernails.
I'm not a baseball expert, but I'll try to explain it as best I can.

Baseball is a team sport. 

1. Teams are divided into 2 groups of 4 teams.  
2. Each team has 4 players.  Each player has 4 at bats.  The team with the most at bats is the team that has the best record.
3. The teams with the best records are the teams that have the most home runs.
4. Teams with the highest home run totals are teams that are in first place.
5. The top teams in each
You can tell if a suit is high quality by how it fits.  If it's tailored to your measurements, you can tell.  You can also tell if it's made of the right material, and if it has the right color.  

If it's not tailored to you, it's because it's too expensive.
I think it has to do with the way they sound on camera. 

I'm not sure if it's because they're actors, but I think it's just because they sound like shit.
They don't. 

It's not like they know they're going to be asked to do it.  It's just that they don't want to be on the show.
Public Debt is the amount of money that the government owes to the people.

Revenue is the total amount of the money the government receives from the people, not the amount that it spends. 

If you want to know the debt to revenue ratio, you need to look at the ratio of the government's budget to the total GDP.  If the government is spending more than it takes in in revenue, then the government has more debt than it has in revenue.  This is called the "debt-to-revenue ratio".  It's a measure of how much the government needs to
Your phone has a lot of heat in it. 

When you're playing a game, your phone is using a lot more power than it needs to.

Your phone is also using a very large amount of heat.  It's not just the CPU, it's also the RAM, the flash memory, and the hard drive.  When you're using a hotspot, the phone is trying to connect to the internet, so it has to use more power to do so.  This means that the phone has to generate more heat, which means that it's using more power.
Sugar is made up of glucose and fructose. 

Glucose is a sugar molecule, fructose is a fructose molecule, and glucose is a glucose molecule.

When you eat sugar, your taste buds are telling your brain that you're eating sugar, and your body is telling you that it's full of calories.  This is why you can't eat too much sugar, because you're not getting enough calories.
The moon has a thin layer of atmosphere that is transparent to incident solar radiation and partially absorbing infrared radiation from the planet. 

Mars has a thick layer of air that is partially transparent to the sun and partially absorbs infrared radiation, but partially absorbs it from the earth's surface.

The temperature of the moon's atmosphere varies greatly depending on whether it is in sunlight or in shadow.
Verizon and AT & T are not the fastest internet provider, they are the best mobile phone provider.

AT & T is the fastest in the US, but Verizon is the best in the world.
They do a lot of things while they're running for president. 

1. They have to answer questions from the press.

2. They are required to answer a few questions about the issues that are important to the campaign.  
3. They need to answer some questions about how they will handle the economy. 


4. They must answer questions about foreign policy.  This is a big one.  They have a lot to do with foreign policy, but they also have to do a ton of other things.  For example, they have to make sure they have the right
It depends on the copyright laws in the country. 

In the United States, copyright laws are based on fair use, which means that you can't use copyrighted material without permission from the copyright holder.  For example, if you use an image from a website, it's not fair use if you don't have permission to use it, but if you do, then it's fair use.  In other words, you're allowed to use the image without permission, but not the copyright owner's permission.
Binary data is a collection of binary numbers. 

A binary number is a sequence of 0s, 1s, 2s, 3s, 4s, 5s, 6s, 7s, 8s, 9s, 10s, 11s, 12s, 13s, 14s, 15s, 16s, 17s, 18s, 19s, 20s, 21s, 22s, 23s, 24s, 25s, 26s, 27s, 28s, 29s, 30s, 31s, 32s, 33s, 34s
You can sell your own data for a profit. 

It depends on what you mean by "your own data".

If you don't have a choice, you can sell it to a third party.

But if you do, you have to give them your consent to do so.
IMAX 3D glasses use polarized lenses. 

They use a special type of lens that filters out the light from one eye and sends it to the other.

RealD 3D movies use polarized glasses.  They use a lens that is polarized so that each eye sees a different image.  This means that when you look at a 3D movie, your eyes see the same image, but your brain interprets it as if it's coming from two different eyes.  So you can see the movie as if you're looking at it from the other side of the room.  If you're
The umbilical cord is wrapped around the body of the baby, and the placenta is attached to the uterus. 

If the cord was never detached from the baby and the mom, then the baby would not be able to breathe, and would die.
I think it has to do with the fact that older instruments are more durable. 

Newer instruments tend to be made of less durable materials, which means they are more prone to wear and tear.

Also, older instruments have more resonant resonances, which is why they sound better.
IPv6 addresses are more efficient and more reliable than IPv4 addresses. 

IPv4 addresses are also more expensive to maintain and maintain than IPv6 addresses.
The President doesn't have the authority to close Guantanamo Bay. The Congress does.
I think it's because they don't want to pay YouTube to host their streams. 

Youtube doesn't have the bandwidth to handle the amount of traffic that LiveLeak has.
It's not that the US needs, or doesn't need, to have its military at the size that it is.

It's that we are a superpower. 

We are the only country in the world that is capable of standing toe to toe with Russia, China, Russia, and the UK.  We are also the only one that has the ability to stand up to any sort of attack, and we are the one that is able to hold our own against any kind of attack. 

 >  Why do we need to have our military at all?

Because the US is a
American Football for an Englishman.

American Football is a team sport.  It is played in a gridiron style.  

In American Football, there are two main types of plays.  One is "goals" and "kick-ins".

Goals are scored when the ball is kicked into the end zone.  If the ball goes through the goal posts, the team gets to keep the ball.  The goal posts are in the middle of the field, and the team has to kick the ball into them.  This is called a "goal".  If a player
Your taste buds are very sensitive to different things. 

We are born with taste buds that are sensitive to sweetness, sour, bitter, salt, and saltiness.  Our taste buds change as we age.  When we are babies, we are exposed to sweet and sour foods through amniotic fluid, and we develop a preference for sweet and bitter tastes at approximately 4 months.  As we grow older, our taste buds become more sensitive to these things.

When you are a child, your taste buds don't develop as early as in utero.  Your taste buds develop as you age
Buses have to stop at all rail crossings. 

Buses are designed to be able to go faster than cars, so they have to slow down when they cross the tracks.

The reason they stop at rail crossings is because they can't go as fast as cars.
The capacity of our brains is not measured in bytes.  It is measured in neurons.  

We don't know the exact number of neurons in our brains, but we do know that we have a finite number of them.  We know that our brain has a finite amount of short-term memory, and that we can store a certain number of bits per second.  This is called the "channel capacity", and it is based on the fact that we are able to store information in bits.

If you want to know the capacity of your brain, you need to look at the number of
It's because it's easier to write a prescription for a drug than it is to write for an over-the-counter drug.
Calculator and accelerator are both derived from the Latin word "calculus", meaning "calculator" and "automator", respectively.

Explosive is derived from "explosive", which means "to explode".

The word "explosion" is derived in the same way from the Greek word for "to burst", "to blow up".
Conflict of interest is when a board member has a financial interest in a business. 

For example, if you are a director of a company and you own a stock in the company, you have a vested interest in whether the board decides to buy or sell shares of the company.  If the board votes to buy shares, you will have a conflict of interest because you own the stock.

In other words, if the board wants to buy a stock, they will have to vote to buy it.  But if they want to sell it, they have to decide whether to buy the stock or not
Don't blame the victim.

The victim is the one who is in the situation, not the perpetrator.
The TSA has been around for a long time. 

It was created in response to the 9/11 attacks.

The TSA was created as a way for the government to prevent terrorists from getting through security checkpoints.  It was a way to keep the terrorists from being able to get through the checkpoint.  The TSA was supposed to be a deterrent to terrorists, but it has been proven to be ineffective, inefficient, and inefficient.  There are a lot of people who would like it to be abolished, but they don't want to pay for it.
The Fed is raising interest rates because they are concerned that the economy is overheating.

When the Fed raises interest rates, they are not trying to stimulate the economy, but they are trying to slow it down. 

If the Fed were to raise interest rates right now, it would cause inflation, which would be bad for the economy.  The Fed doesn't want inflation, because they don't want the economy to get out of control.
Nuclear weapons are safely decommissioned. 

They are stored in underground silos, which are sealed off from the outside world.

There are a lot of steps that go into the process of decommissioning a nuclear weapon, but the most important one is that the nuclear warhead is removed from the silos and the nuclear fuel is removed.  This is done by a team of people who have been trained to handle nuclear weapons.  They also have to be decontaminated, which means that they have to clean up the nuclear waste that is left behind and dispose of it.
Inbreeding screws up the genetic code.

When you mate with someone close to your genetic code, you are creating a copy of your DNA that is very similar to the one your parents have. 

If you have two people with the same DNA, they will have the same copy of the same gene, but their DNA is very different from each other, and their DNA will not be the same.  This is called homozygosity.  The more closely related the two people are, the more likely they are to be homozygous for the same allele, which means that they are more likely to
It's not so much that the computer can't be solved by turning it off and on again, it's that it doesn't know what it's doing. 

When you turn it off, the computer shuts down all of the programs that are currently running on it, so it can't do any more work.

It's like turning off a light bulb and then turning it on again. The light bulb turns back on, and the computer knows what's going on.
T-Mobile's unlimited data plan is hurting net neutrality.

Net neutrality is the principle that no company can charge more for faster access to the internet than other companies.  T-Mobile is doing exactly that.  

They are throttling your data so that you can't use up all of your data.  This is a violation of net neutrality laws.
Oxygen in closed rooms is stored in cryogenics, which is a type of cryogenic storage. 

It's not that we run out of oxygen, it's that we don't have enough oxygen to keep us alive long enough for our bodies to use it.
I think it's a way for them to show that they're not afraid of you, and that they know you're not going to hurt them.
The screen is made up of a bunch of tiny LED's that are connected to a battery. The battery is connected to the phone's processor, and the phone uses the processor to control the brightness of the screen.

When the phone is in standby mode, the processor turns the screen on and off, and then the phone turns it back on when it's ready to be used.
I'm not sure what this means for the average Californian, but I'm going to assume it means that property taxes will go up. 

California has a very high property tax rate, which means that if you own property in California, you have to pay property taxes on it.  This means that your property taxes are going to go up, and if you live in a city or county, you're going to pay more in property taxes than you do in a state.

The problem is that California has a lot of cities and counties that don't want to raise property taxes because they don't
When air is in motion, it is constantly moving. 

When you feel cold, it's because the air molecules are constantly moving, and the friction causes them to push against each other, creating heat.

If you have a fan blowing on your face, you're not feeling the air pushing against you, but the air particles pushing against your face. 


When air particles are not moving, they're not pushing against eachother, so they don't create as much friction as they do when they're moving.
Because they were in restricted airspace. 

They were in the restricted airspace because they were hijacking a plane.

The planes were not going to be shot down because they weren't going to hit the twin towers, they were going to crash.
The Federal Reserve is the central bank of the United States. It is the bank that regulates and supervises the banks that are part of the U.S. banking system, but not complete responsibility. 

The Fed is the Federal Reserve Bank, which is a group of regional Federal Reserve Banks.  The Federal Reserve has a board of governors, who are appointed by the President of the US.  Each regional Fed Bank has a Board of Governors.  These governors are elected by the regional Fed Banks.

Each regional Fed has a set amount of money that they are allowed to hold in reserve.
County roads and interstates are divided into sections. 

Each section has a number.  The first two digits are the number of the section, and the last two are the section number.

For example, I-95 is divided into two sections, 1 mile long and 1 mile wide.  Each section has 1 mile of road, and each section has 2 miles of road.  So if you want to go from 1 mile to 2 miles, you need to go 1 mile east and 2 miles west.  If you go from 2 miles east to 3 miles west, you have to go
It's because log cabins are made out of solid wood, which is much harder to heat than wood that is made of wood. 

It's also because they are made of a solid material, which means that they have a higher thermal conductivity than wood in other materials.  This means that when you heat the cabin, you're using a lot more energy than if you were using a wood stove.
Your index finger nails grow faster than your toenails due to the length of the terminal phalanges (outermost finger bones). Thus, in humans, the nail of the index finger grows faster than that of the little finger; and fingernails grow up to 4 times faster than the nails on your toes.
There is a lot of speculation about the meaning of dreams. Some people believe that they are a way for your brain to process information and make sense of it. 

For example, when you dream, your brain is trying to process the information that is coming from your brain. If you have a dream that you don't remember, it's because your brain doesn't know what to make of it, so it doesn't have time to process it.

If you dream about something that you remember, then your brain has time to work out what it means, and then it tries to figure out how to
Your skin has a layer of sebum that protects it from bacteria, dirt, and other things that can cause it to dry out. 

When you pour water on your skin, the sebum evaporates, and your skin is left with a thin layer of water.

Moisturizing lotions are made of glycerin, which acts as a barrier between your skin and the rest of the world.
It's not misleading. 

It's misleading because it's not really a loss.  It's a loss because they're not making enough money to cover the cost of the cars they're selling.  They're making a lot of money, but they're losing money because they can't sell enough cars to cover their costs.

They're making $4,000 per car, but that's not enough to cover all of their costs, so they need to sell more cars to make more money.  That's why they're doing so well.
It's because they don't like to use eyewitness testimony. They prefer to rely on video evidence.
There are two main reasons:

1. There are more mutations in Africa than there are in Asia.

2. There is less genetic diversity in Africa, so mutations are more likely to occur in Africa.
The IMEI unlock codes are generated by the manufacturer of the fob. 

The manufacturer uses an algorithm that generates a code for each button on the keyring, and then uses that code to send a signal to the owner's fob, which is then read by a computer.

When the computer receives the signal, it sends it back to the manufacturer, who then uses the code to unlock the device.
Chick-fil-A is a fast food restaurant that serves chicken and french fries.  It's a chain that has been in business for over 50 years, and has been a staple of the fast food industry for decades.

The controversy stems from the fact that the company is owned by a religious organization called the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS), which is a fundamentalist Christian organization that believes that women should not be able to have children, and that men should be allowed to have sex with men as long as they do not have children.  This is a big issue for the
Asphalt is made of bitumen, which is a mixture of sand and salt. 

Salt is an extremely hygroscopic substance, so it sticks to the surface of the asphalt, making it very difficult for it to be applied directly.
Voter ID is a good/bad idea.

1. It reduces voter fraud. 

2. It discriminates against minority groups and elderly people. 


3. It makes it harder for people to vote.  
4. It increases the number of people who don't vote.
Because they are a conventional military. 

They don't have the resources to fight a conventional war, they have the manpower to hold a particular geographic area, and they are trained and equipped to do so.
I think it has to do with the fact that the people of Africa lived in a very different environment. 

In Europe, there is a lot of natural resources, and they have been around for thousands of years, so they have developed a lot more technology than the people in Africa.

For example, in the Middle East, there are lots of stone tools that have been found in the Achaemenid Empire, and there are plenty of people who have been working with them for thousands if not millions of years. In Africa, they have very little natural resources.
The difference between different brands of gasoline is the octane rating.  

The higher the rating, the more expensive the fuel is.  Higher octane means that it has higher octane ratings, which means it's more likely to burn more fuel.  The higher the grade, the higher the price.  So if you're buying a gallon of regular unleaded, you're paying more for it because it's higher in octane.  If you're getting a tank of premium unleaded at a discount gas station, you'll pay less because they're selling it at a higher price.
I think it has to do with the fact that he is the first African American president in a long time. 

He was elected on a platform of "change" and "change for the better".  He promised to end the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, he promised to put an end to the war in Afghanistan.  He also promised to bring jobs back to the US.  But he has failed to do either of those things.
Light doesn't stop, it just slows down. 

Light travels through matter at the speed of light.  It doesn't slow down, it slows down to a point where it can't be re-emitted.
I'm not sure what you mean by bias, but I'll try to explain it in layman's terms.

Bias is the tendency of a person to believe things based on what they are told by others. 

For example, if someone tells you that you are a racist, you are more likely to believe them.  If someone says you are racist, and you believe them, you will believe them because you believe that they are racist.  This is called confirmation bias.  It's the tendency to believe that people who are racist are racist because they are telling you that people are racist
When you are sick, your body is trying to get rid of the germs that are making you sick. Your body is also trying to keep you from infecting other people.
Emotions are a natural part of our brains. 

Humans have evolved to be able to pick up other emotions because they are necessary for survival.  For example, when we were young, we were able to use our teeth to fight off predators.  This is why we have teeth.  When we are older, we can use them to fight predators.

When we are young, our brains are still developing.  We can't pick up all of them, but we can pick up some of them.
The Dalai Lama is the reincarnation of the 13th Dalai Lama. He was born in 1932 in Lhasa, Tibet. 

He was found by the Panchen Lama, who is the spiritual leader of the Tibetan people.  He was the son of the previous Dalai Lama, and was chosen as the new Dalai Lama after the death of the last Dalai Lama in 1991.
Capitalism is based on supply and demand.  During the busiest shopping seasons (like Christmas) stores offer the biggest discounts because they need to sell the most stuff to make the most money.  If they don't, they can't expect to make enough money to pay their bills.
When you're sick, the bacteria in your intestines are producing a lot of chemicals that make you poop green. These chemicals are called prostaglandins.

When you aren't sick, your body doesn't produce as many prostaglands, so your poop is not as full of them.
It's not that Africa has always been poor, it's just that it's been underdeveloped for a long time. 

There are a lot of reasons for this, but the main ones are:

1. The land is very fertile, but it's also very inhospitable.

2. There's a huge amount of natural resources in Africa, but not enough to support a large population, so there's not enough food to feed the entire continent.
Banks don't hold your money, they lend it to you. They lend it out to other people, and when you pay them back, they give you the money back.
If you don't shake up the medicine before taking it, it will start to dissolve in your stomach, which is where it is absorbed by your liver. 

If you shake it up too much, you will end up with stomach acid in your urine, which can cause nausea, vomiting, and diarrhea.
Genes are passed on from generation to generation. 

When you are born, you have a set of genes that tell your body to do certain things.  These genes tell your brain that you are going to do something.  When you are older, your brain starts to pick up on these genes.  Your brain then tells your body that you should do something, and your body starts to do it.  This is called "instinctive" behavior, and it is passed on to future generations.

If you have an older sibling, you are more likely to do the same thing.
Nielsen ratings are based on the number of households that watch the show.  They use a device called a "Diary" that has a device that records what is being watched.  The device is attached to the TV and the TV is connected to a computer.  It records how many people watched each episode.  If you have a DVR, you can record how many times you watched an episode.
It's because the light from the corner of your eye is refracted by the back of your retina, which is the part of the eye that focuses the light. When you look at an object from the other side of the room, you're looking at it from the front of your eyes, but the light coming from your back is coming from the back.
I think it has to do with the fact that when you clap your hands together, you're creating vibrations in the air. 

When you're clapping, your hands are vibrating, and the air is vibrating in the same way as the air around you.

If you're standing in a circle, you are creating a wave of sound waves, which is the same as the sound waves you hear when you are standing in the middle of a circle.  When you stand in the center of the circle, the wave is stronger than if you were standing at the edge of it.
It's called [echoic memory](_URL_0_). Basically, your brain has a bunch of neurons in your brain that are responsible for remembering things. 

When you have a memory of something, it's stored in the part of your brain responsible for visual memory called the visual cortex.  This part of the brain is responsible for processing sensory information and storing it in long-term memory.

If you were to take a picture of a piece of paper and hold it up in front of your face, it would be stored in your visual cortex, and when you look at it again,
The owner is banned for life, but the team is still owned by the city of Los Angeles. 

The city owns the team, and the city has the right to sell the team to whoever they want.

If the city wants to keep the Clippers, they can do so, but if they don't want to, then they can't.
It's not a pick-what-channels-you-want option. 

It's called "cord cutting" and it's a way for people to get rid of their cable and get a cheaper service.
I think it has to do with the fact that Denmark and Sweden are the only two countries in Europe that have a strong tradition of welcoming refugees.

In the case of Denmark, it's because they have a long history of accepting refugees, and because they want to make sure that they don't become a burden on their economy.



In Sweden, it is because it's a matter of national pride. They don't want to be seen as "hostile" to immigrants, and they want their citizens to be able to get jobs.
Before the invention of the toothbrush, people used twigs and leaves to clean their teeth with twigs. 

They used to use soot or soot to clean them with a cloth or a rag.
Assembly is a low-level programming language, which uses mnemonics, instructions and operands to represent machine code. 

It's a lot easier to write code in assembly than it is in a high-level language like C or C++.

Assembly is written in a way that is easy to understand, and easy to read.  It's written in such a way so that it doesn't require a lot of knowledge of the hardware, and it's easy to write simple code that can be read by a human. 


For example, let's say you want to write a
I'm not sure what you mean by abandoned, but I think it's more like abandoned property.

There are a lot of abandoned properties in /r/abandonedporn. 

Some of them are abandoned because the owner of the property decided to sell it to someone else, or because they don't want to pay for the upkeep of the place, or they just don't have the money to maintain the property.
The thermal scanner uses infrared light to measure the temperature of the object it is scanning. 

It uses a thermal probe to detect the difference in temperature between the object and the surrounding environment.
Latvian language is the second most commonly used language at home (37.2% in the 2011 census) and 26.9% of the population were ethnic Russians (2011). 

The majority of the people in Latvia are ethnic Latvians, and the majority of people in the country are ethnic Russians.
I think it has to do with the fact that there are so many people playing at the same time. 

If you are playing against someone who is at the top of their skill level, you are going to be playing against people who are at the bottom.

Also, there are a lot of people who don't know how to play the game, so they don't have the time to learn it. 

 >  Why is it that the median skill level in online games is so low?

Because it's not about skill level.  It's about the amount of time it takes
Animals don't have a concept of time. They have a sense of location. They know where they are, they know what time it is, and they know how long it takes for them to get there. 

When you come back from an extended period of time, you have time to adjust to your surroundings and get used to your new surroundings. When you go to run errands, you don't know where you are, and you have no idea how long you are going to be gone.
It's because trees have a lot of water in their leaves, which cools down the air around them. 

Also, trees have very large leaves, so they absorb more heat than other trees.
It depends on what you mean by "buffet". 

If you mean "all you can eat", then yes, they do make money.

But it depends on the size of the buffet, and how many people are there.  If you're talking about a large buffet, then the cost of serving the food is going to be a lot higher than if you are talking about serving the people who are eating it.
It's a combination of things. 

1. Increased availability of fast food and junk food in combination with a low activity lifestyle has contributed to the obesity trend.

2. Increased use of tobacco, which causes weight gain, and increased use of medications that can cause weight gain.
There is more water underground than in the oceans. 

It's not that the oceans hold 95% of Earth's water.  It's that there are more underground aquifers than there are oceans.
Aspirin is an anti diarrohea drug. It works by blocking the enzyme cyclooxygenase, which is the enzyme that breaks down phlegm in your mucus membranes. 

It also acts as an anti-inflammatory agent, which helps to reduce the inflammation in your skin.
It's because they're the only insects that have the ability to fly. 

The grasshopper is the only one that can't fly.
Grapefruit contains a chemical called naringin, which inhibits CYP3A4, which is the enzyme that breaks down drugs. 

When you drink grapefruit juice, you are metabolizing it, which means that the drug will not be able to enter your bloodstream.

This is why grapefruit and other citrus like apples and oranges are not recommended.
Paper is made of cellulose fibers, which are made up of a bunch of tiny little fibers that stick to each other. When the paper is wet, the water gets trapped in the fibers, causing them to break down. 

When you wet the paper, you're breaking the bonds between the fibers and the cellulose, which makes it softer and more prone to tearing.
You can't remember the start of a dream. 

You can remember the middle through to the end, but not the beginning.
The straw is made out of a thin piece of plastic, and the air in the straw is constantly pushing down on it. 

When you drink from the straw, the air is pushing the liquid down, but it's not pushing it all the way down, it's pushing it up.
The Latin language was not a dead language, it was a dialect of Greek. 

Greece and Latin were two different languages that were spoken by different people in different parts of the world, and they were both influenced by different languages.  
 
The difference between Latin and Greek is that Latin was a Romance language, while Greek was an Indo-European language that was spoken in the middle of the continent.

In the middle ages, the Romance languages started to diverge from each other, and the Latin language became less and less intelligible to the people who lived in the regions where
Windows is the default operating system for ATMs. 

It's because it's the most secure operating system.  It's also the easiest to use.  If you're not using Windows, you can't access the cash dispensing machine.

If you're using Windows 7, you're probably not using an ATM.
Bacteria and parasites are not safe to eat at lower temperatures. 

Bacteria can survive at higher temperatures because they are more likely to survive and reproduce.

Beef, on the other hand, does not have the same problem.  When you cook beef, the bacteria that are present in the meat are destroyed by the process of cooking it.
The Beatles wrote the song in the early 1960s, and recorded it in the late 1960s. 

The song is about a man trying to seduce a woman at a party, and the lyrics are about how he can't have sex with her because she's not wearing a dress.
Homeopathy is a pseudoscience. 

It's based on the idea that there is something in the water that makes you feel better, but there isn't.

The problem is that there's no evidence that it works.  It's not proven to be effective. 


It has been shown to be ineffective in a number of studies, and has been found to have adverse effects.
Cigarillos, cigars, and hookahs are not allowed to be flavored.

E-cigarettes are.
Yes, if you properly dispose/incinerate all your trash. 

Plastic pollution is still a problem, but it's not as bad as it used to be.

The problem is that the amount of plastic in the environment is increasing, and it's getting worse.  The problem isn't that there's more plastic, it's that there is more of it.  There's a lot of plastic floating around in the ocean, and the ocean is getting more and more polluted.  Even if you incinerate all of your trash, there will still be plastic floating in the water.
A neural network is a circuit of neurons. 

Think of it as a series of layers.  The first layer is called the input layer.  It is the one that receives the input, and the second layer is the output layer.

Each layer is connected to the next layer, and so on.  This is called a "hidden layer".  The next layer is where the data is hidden, and it is the layer that is used to find patterns in the data.  If you want to find a pattern in a picture, you go to the first layer and look at it.
It's a cultural thing.

In the early 1900s, there were a lot of Irish immigrants coming to the US to work in the police force. 

Many of them came from Ireland, and many of them were Irish-Americans. 


In fact, in New York City in 1855, 305 of the city's 1,149 policemen, 305 were natives of Ireland.  They were mostly Irish-American, but they were also mostly British-American.
HOA's are non-governmental entities.  They are not regulated by the government, they are governed by a board of directors, who are elected by the members of the community.  The board can enforce the rules and regulations of the association, but they are not bound by the laws of the state or federal government.
Parallel universes are just a fancy way of saying that there are multiple universes. 

We don't know for sure, but we do know that we are not alone in the universe, and that there is a lot of other stuff out there that we don't understand.

There are many theories about how the universe works, but the simplest and arguably most elegant theory is that the universe is finite space, wave function collapse and ontological asymmetry.  This is the simplest theory, but it is also the one that has been proven to be wrong in the past, and it is the one we are
The English language has been around for thousands of years. 

It's a result of a lot of things.

First, the English language was written down in Latin, which was the language of the early Middle Ages.  It was a language that was used to communicate with other languages in Europe.  The Latin language was used by the Romans, the French, and the English.  In the Middle Ages, the Romans were the rulers of Europe, and they wrote down all the rules and rules about how they wanted their language to be used.  They also wrote down the rules about what they wanted
Ebola is transmitted through direct contact with bodily fluids. 

It's not that easy to transmit, it's that it's very difficult to detect.  If you're a doctor, you're not going to be able to tell if you're infected by a patient's bodily fluids, and if you are, then you're going to get sick.

If you're in a hospital, and you happen to be in contact with someone who is infected with Ebola, then it's much easier to catch it from them than it is from you.
It's not going to save money, it's going to increase the amount of money we have in circulation. 

The amount of change we have is going to go up because we're going to have to print more money to keep up with inflation.
It depends on the game.

If you're cracking a game, you need to know how to crack it. 

The easiest way to crack a game is to find the source code.  If you can find the code, you can crack the game itself.
Social Security is funded through FICA, a payroll tax.  

FICA is a tax that is levied on the first $128,400 of income for employment; amounts earned above that are not taxed.  The money is invested in the Social Security Trust Fund, which is a fund that the government uses to pay out benefits to retirees.

The problem is that the trust fund is not 100% funded.  It's not 100%.  The government has to borrow money to fund it.  If you don't pay into the fund, it will not be able to pay you back.
The Second Amendment protects the right to keep and bear arms for self-defense.  It does not protect the right of the government to restrict it.
It depends on the company. 

If it's a small business, they may have a contract with the bank that says they can't remove money from your account until you pay them back.  If they don't have that contract, then they may not be able to do that.
Most of America really doesn't like the main options presented for President, what can anybody actually do about it?
Sunrise and sunset are not instantaneous.

Sunrise is the moment when the upper limb of the sun appears on the horizon in the morning.  It's caused by the Earth's rotation.  When the Earth rotates around the sun, it causes the sun to appear to rise from the horizon to the west.  This is because the sun is a luminous disc as seen from the Earth.  

At sunset, the sun's disk is still above the horizon.  The Earth's atmosphere bends and diffuses light from the Sun and lengthens the period of sunrise and sunset.  So
They don't think for themselves.

Think of it like this:

Imagine you have a piece of paper with a bunch of letters on it. You write down what you see and what you hear, and then you write it down again, and again and again, until you get to the end of the paper. 

Now, if you want to know what you wrote down, you can look at the paper, and you can read it. But you can't read it because it's not written down in the same way as you wrote it down. You have to read it in a different
Mormons are generally thought of as nice and caring people, but they are generally talked about as crazy because they believe in a lot of crazy things.
The money goes to the campaign.  

The money is used to pay the salaries of the people who work for the campaign, travel expenses, advertising, media buys, etc.
The "stack" refers to the amount of supplements that are available in a given weight class. 

For example, if you are lifting heavy weight, you might have a stack of 10 different types of weight lifting supplements.

A stack is just a list of all the supplements that you can get for a certain weight class, and the weight class that you are training for.  If you want to get stronger, you need to take a lot of different kinds of supplements.
It's not that they're horrible quality, it's that they don't have the processing power to handle the amount of data they need to store. 

CCTV cameras are designed to capture images at a very high resolution, which means that they have to store a lot of data at a high resolution.  This means that it takes a long time for the data to be transferred from the camera to the computer, and the computer needs to be able to process it at a higher resolution than it's capable of.
I think it has to do with the fact that they are more likely to be influenced by the animation style. 

Cartoons and animation movies tend to be more realistic and have a more realistic feel to them, which is why they appeal more to younger children.
I'm not a professional, but I can give you a few pointers.

1. You need to know what you're talking about. 

2. You have to know how much it's going to cost to do the work, and how much you're going to have to pay for it.
3. You also need to understand that the cost of the work is going to be spread out over a long period of time, so you need to be realistic about how long it will take you to complete the job.
Coupons are a way for stores to get rid of unused coupons.  They are printed in denominations of 1/20 of one cent.

They are printed on a piece of paper that is about the same size as the dollar bill, so they are printed with the same amount of money.
Fridges and freezers work by using water to cool the inside of the fridge.  

When you open the fridge door, you are opening the door to the outside air.  The air inside the fridge is cooled by the water.  When you close the door, the water in the fridge cools by evaporating out of the air.

Freezers work the same way, but they use a different type of refrigerator.  They use a heat pump to keep the water inside the freezer at a certain temperature.  If the temperature is too high or too low, the temperature of the
Ello will make money.  

Ello is a company that makes a device that connects to your phone and allows you to send text messages to your friends and family.  They will sell the device to you for $10 a month, and you will be able to buy it for $20 a month.

They will also make money by selling it to other companies.  If they sell enough of the device, they will make enough money to pay for the device itself.
The TSA was created to prevent terrorists from getting through security checks at airports.

The TSA does not need to be shut down.  It is a vital part of the security of airports.
It's because of climate change. 

In the northern hemisphere, there is a lot of cold air moving in and out of the region.  This is known as the [Gulf Stream](_URL_0_).  It's the main reason why it's so cold in the north, but it's also the reason why there's so much rain in the south, and why there are so many tropical rainforests in the middle east.

It's also because of the fact that there's a lot more land in the northern part of the world than there is in the southern part.
We don't "render", or "run" dreams in "real-time".

Dreams are stored in your brain as memories.  When you dream, your brain is creating new memories, and when you wake up, you are creating old memories.
It depends on the type of black hole.

A black hole is defined as a point in spacetime where the curvature of spacetime is infinite. The boundary of the region from which no escape is called the event horizon. 

If you're talking about a black hole, it is a point where the spacetime curvature is infinite, and there is no way to escape from it. If you are talking about an object that is moving at the speed of light, then it is moving in the direction of the black hole's event horizon, and it is not possible to escape it.
I think it has something to do with the shape of his mouth and teeth. 

He's not Bruce Wayne, he's Bruce Wayne.
It's not in a technical sense.

It's in a cultural sense. 

Being an attention whore is a bad thing because it means that you're exploiting the people around you to get their attention.  It's like being an asshole.
Your brain is in a state of REM sleep, which is when your muscles are at their most active. When you move a muscle, it causes a jerk in your spinal cord, which causes you to wake up. 

This is called hypnagogic sleep paralysis, and it's caused by a chemical imbalance in the spinal cord called [Cholinergic Acetylcholine](_URL_0_). When you're in REM sleep your brain releases a chemical that causes your muscles to contract, which makes you feel like you're falling asleep.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm assuming you're referring to the Yellow Pages directory. 

The Yellow Pages is a directory of phone numbers.  The Yellow Pages are not owned by the phone company, but by the telephone company.  If you want to get a Yellow Pages number, you have to pay the company to put it in the directory.

If you don't want to pay to put your number in the yellow pages, you need to pay them to put the number in their database.  This database is maintained by the company that owns the phone number.
I'm not sure what's going on here, but I'm guessing it has something to do with the fact that nicotine is addictive. 

It's not that cigarettes are bad for you, it's just that you're not getting enough of it.  Nicotine is a stimulant, so if you smoke a lot of cigarettes, you're going to get addicted to it.
You can now directly buy goods from Iran. The sanctions are lifted, but you can't do business with them directly. 

You can still buy things from Iran through third countries, but it will be much more expensive.
When a fire is large enough to be considered a danger to life or property, they will stop fighting it. 

If the fire is small enough to not be a threat to life and property, then they will put out the fire.  If it is too big to put out, then the fire will burn itself out.
The Fappening was a hack of Apple's Find My iPhone service, which is a service that automatically backs up photos from iOS devices, such as iPhones and iPads. 

The hacker(s) were able to get access to the data stored on the device, and then use the phone's camera to take a picture of the owner's face.
Fluoride is a naturally occurring element in water. It's not a problem, it's a problem with the amount of fluoride in the water. 

The problem is that fluoride in water is not 100% safe. It can cause tooth enamel to fall out of the enamel, which is bad for your teeth, and can lead to cavities in your teeth.

There is a lot of debate about whether or not it's safe to add fluoride to the water, but the consensus is that it's not safe to do so.
Sharks don't need to equalize because they don't have to. 

Sharks use their pectoral fins to push against the surface of the water.

Fish, on the other hand, use their fins as a stabilizing mechanism to keep their heads above water.
I'm not sure what you mean by "know" or "good friends" but I'm assuming you mean "know who you might know". 

If you're referring to "friends" you are referring to the people you've "known" for a long time.  You have a list of friends that you've added to your friends list.  If you look at that list, you'll see that you have a lot of people who are friends of your friends.  
 
You can look at the list of people you have friends with and see who those people are.  It's
When you open your mouth wide, you're blowing hot air out of your mouth, but your lips are in the same position as if you were about to whistle you breath out cold air.
It's not a single frequency of light, it's a combination of different frequencies of light. 

Lasers work by firing a beam of light at a certain frequency.  When the light hits something, it causes it to emit a certain amount of energy.  This energy is converted into light, which is then used to make a picture.

When you take a picture of a laser, you're using the light from the source to make the image.  If you take an image of a light source that's not connected to it's source, then you're only using the energy from one frequency
Your brain is in a state called REM sleep. 

REM sleep is a state of deep unconsciousness.  When you're in REM sleep, your brain is not able to process sensory input, so you can't see, hear, smell, taste, etc.  It's like being in a dream.

When you're awake, your body is still processing sensory input from the senses, so your brain can't process the sensory input.  Your brain can only process the visual input from your eyes, ears, nose, mouth, tongue, and throat.  This means that your brain has to
Scientology is not a 501(c)(3) non profit.  It is a religious organization, which means that they are not allowed to pay taxes on their profits.  They are allowed to take deductions from their income, but not from their expenses.
It doesn't. 

Your lungs are made up of oxygen-carrying molecules called hemoglobin.  When you smoke weed, you're inhaling CO2, which is a form of carbon dioxide.

When you're not smoking weed, your body doesn't need as much oxygen as it does when you're breathing.
It's called the [Emetic response](_URL_0_) and it's caused by the [H-channels in your brain that are involved in nausea and vomiting.

When you see something that makes you feel sick, your brain sends a signal to your stomach to expel the contents of your stomach, which causes you to vomit.
It's not that the laws are non-negotiable, it's that they are not mandatory. 

For example, if you don't want your child to be in a car accident, you can't force them to go to the hospital.
I think it has to do with the fact that gay men tend to speak in a lower pitched voice than straight men. 

I'm not a linguist, but I think it's because gay men are more likely to have lower pitched voices than straight people.
OEM's products are made by the same company as the products that are sold at retail stores.

The difference is that OEM's products have a higher quality, higher quality and lower cost. 

If you compare the price of the same product at the store to the OEM's, you will see that the OEM products are much more expensive.
The US is the only country that has the military capacity to do it.  

The other countries can't do it because they don't have the military capability to do so.
Because it is the most common type of cancer. 

It has a higher survival rate than other cancers.  It is also the cause of the most deaths.
I think it's because they're releasing the same movie in different countries at different times.  

It's a marketing ploy to get people to go to the theaters and see the movie before it's released in other countries.  It's also a way to get the word out that the movie is coming out.
When you doodle with a pen, you're drawing with the tip of the pen, not the tip itself.

When you use a pen to draw with it, you are drawing on the tip, not on the paper.
A USB drive is a magnetic drive.  It has a tiny hole in the bottom of the drive that allows you to write data to it.  

An SD card is a memory card.  You can write data on it, but you can't write it to the drive.

A USB flash drive has a little switch on the drive itself that prevents you from writing or modifying data on the device.  This is a safety feature.  If the drive fails, you can remove it.
The universe is expanding at the speed of light. 

If you go further than that, the universe will eventually stop expanding.  It will stop expanding, and you will stop being able to see anything.  If you try to go further, you will die.
The oceans are running out of fish, but they are not running out. 

There is a limit to the amount of fish that can be caught in a year.  
 
The problem is that there are a lot of fish in the oceans, and they are being caught at a rate that is unsustainable.
Your brain has a bunch of different receptors for different neurotransmitters. 

Dopamine, for example, is a neurotransmitter that binds to a receptor in the brain called the mesolimbic dopamine system, which includes and connects the ventral tegmental area in the midbrain to the hippocampus, medial prefrontal cortex, and the amygdala.

When you take a drug, it binds to the dopamine receptors in these areas of the brain, causing them to be activated, which is what makes you feel the way you do when you are high. 


The same thing happens when you take
Hatchbacks/SUVs are the ones that need it the least because they're the ones with more vertically oriented rear windows that tend to accumulate dust.
There are two different scores in gymnastics. There is a "A" score based on the difficulty of the elements, and a "B" score, based on artistic impression. 

The difficulty score is based on how difficult the elements are, and how well they perform them.

A 10 is the highest score a gymnast can get, and the B score is the lowest.
The red clown was chosen because it was the color of red, which is the colour of the McDonald's logo.
I think it's because they're trying to show that they're not afraid of the grass. 

_URL_0_
Yes, it would. 

If you were to land on your head, you would be crushed by the force of the impact, but it would be enough to knock your head into the water.
It's not that it's difficult to get manned craft to the moon nowadays, it's just that we don't have the resources to do it. 

We have a lot more money than we did in the 1960s and 70s, but we also have to spend a lot of time and money on it.
I'm not sure what you're asking about, but I'll try to explain it. 

Imagine you have a piece of paper with a picture on it, and you write down the date you were born.  You write down your name, and the year, and your date of birth.  Now, if you go back in time, you can't write your name down.  But if you write your date in the future, you will be able to write it down.

If you write it in the past, it will be written in the present, and if it's written in a
Yes, the kidneys absorb and filter it all. 

The pipes are not impermeable to water, but the kidneys can filter some of the water out.

If you drink a lot of water, your kidneys will release a hormone called antidiuretic hormone (ADH). This hormone stimulates the reabsorption of sodium ions from distal tubules and collecting ducts. This causes the urine volume to increase, which increases the amount of water in your urine.
Firetrucks don't go to emergency situations, they go to emergencies.

Emergency situations are when there is a fire.  If there is no fire, the engines are not going to be able to go to an emergency situation.
They measure the solubility of the nutrients in the food.

Carbohydrates are measured by liquid chromatography (LC-R).

Protein is measured by the PDI (Protein Dispersibility Index) which is a measure of how much of a substance can be dissolved in water. 

Sodium is measured using flame photometry, AA or ICP-OES, which measures the amount of salt in a sample. 


Fiber is measured in grams, which is the total amount of fiber in the sample.
The Dalai Lama is the spiritual leader of Tibet. He is a Buddhist monk who has been living in exile in India since 1959. He has been a vocal advocate for freedom of speech and freedom of religion.
They don't intentionally act poorly.

They're good at acting poorly because they know how to be bad at acting.
When the car is idling, the engine is connected to the transmission.  The transmission has a series of gears that are connected to each other.  When you start the car, the gears are connected in such a way that when the car accelerates or decelerates, the transmission will change gears.  This changes the pitch of the sound.  

When the engine starts, the gearboxes are connected together.  Each gearbox has a different pitch, so the car will make different sounds depending on how fast it is going.  If it's going fast enough, it will make a loud
I think it has to do with the fact that video games don't need as much memory as HD movies. 

Video games use a lot more CPU power than HD movies, so they need more memory to do the same amount of work.

HD movies, on the other hand, have a lot of RAM, so the amount of time it takes for them to render a single frame of a movie is a lot less than a video game.
Mammals do have nipples, but they don't produce enough milk to feed their young.  Males have nipples too, but their bodies don't have the capacity to produce as much milk as a female's.  Male lactation occurs in some species, such as the Dayak fruit bat (Dyacopterus spadiceus), and the lactating males may assist in the nursing of their infants.
It's called a "delete train" and it's caused by a bug in the server. 

The server is trying to keep up with the amount of traffic coming in and out of the site.  When the server gets too much traffic, it can't handle it.  It's like when you have a lot of traffic on a website and you have to slow down the server down.  The server has to keep track of how much traffic is coming in, and how much is going to go out.

When the server is too much, it will slow down and the server will have to
The United States has been able to test so many nuclear bombs on its own soil without making large areas of the country uninhabitable.

It's not that they didn't want to, it's that they have a very good sense of timing. 

In the early days of the Cold War, the United States tested a lot of nuclear bombs, but they were all underground, so the fallout was spread out over a long period of time, and it's not like they had to worry about the fallout being concentrated in one place for a long time.
Bananas have a chemical called ethylene in them called ethyl acetate, which is a carboxylic ester. 

When the banana is young, it has a lot of starch in it, which makes it taste starchy. When it is older, the starch is broken down by enzymes called pectinase, which breaks down the sugar in the banana into sugar and starch.

As the banana gets older, it loses some of its starch, and the ethylene is released, which causes it to taste different.
They don't. 

They use the sun, the moon, and the stars to tell them the time.
They don't. 

Delta is owned by Delta Air Lines, which is a subsidiary of United Airlines.  United Airlines is a publicly traded company, so they are not subject to the same laws and regulations as other publicly traded companies.

The same goes for the faucet company.  They are owned by the same company, but they are separate entities.  If they want to use the same name, they need to file a trademark application with the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).  The FTC has to approve the application, and if they don't approve it, they can't use
I think it has to do with cultural norms. 

In North Africa and Asia, it is more socially acceptable for men to smoke, so it is easier for them to do so. In the Middle East and Africa, it's more socially unacceptable for women to smoke.
I'm not sure how they got to where they are today, but I think it has something to do with the fact that they started out as a luxury car manufacturer. 

They started out in the early 1900s as a car manufacturer, and they sold their cars to wealthy people who were willing to pay a lot of money for them.

Then they started to expand their product line, and as they did so they became more and more popular, and people started to realize that they could afford them.
There are a lot of different forms of protest, but the most common method is to organize in small groups.  

In the US, there are a number of groups of people who want to protest.  These groups are often organized through Facebook groups, but they can also be organized through other social media sites.  They can also organize through email groups.

There are other forms of social media as well.  For example, the Occupy Wall Street movement was organized through a group called #OccupyWallStreet.  It started as a small group of people wanting to show their support for the Occupy
It depends on how much time it takes for the policies to take effect. 

In the US, the new administration will be in office for about a year, so they will have a lot of time to implement their policies.  In other countries, it will be a few months before they start to affect everyday life.

If you're talking about the European Union, they have been in power for a long time, so it will take a while for their policies to have an effect on the economy.
The DNC email leaks are the result of a hack of the Democratic National Committee (DNC). 

The DNC is the organization that organizes the national convention for the Democratic Party.  The DNC is run by a bunch of people who are paid by the DNC, and they have a lot of power.

They have been hacked by someone who has access to the DNC's computer network.  They have access to all of the emails of the DNC staff, and the DNC has been hacked as well.  This means that they are able to access all of their emails, and have been able to release
In French, the number system is based on base 20. 

Soixante-dix means "four-ten-ten" in French.

Quatre-vingt-Dix means four-twenty-ten, and quatre-vingt-deux means four twenty-ten.
When you start an engine, the flywheel spins the clutch plate and hence the transmission.

When you press the clutch pedal down, the throw out bearing is activated, which causes the pressure plate to stop applying pressure to the clutch disk.  This stops the drive shaft from spinning, which allows the engine to start.
It's called [strabismus](_URL_0_) and it's caused by your eyes not adjusting to the dark. 

Your eyes are not used to seeing in the dark, so when you cough, your eyes are trying to adjust to the light.
The government has the right to shut down the internet. 

The problem is that there is no way for the government to do so without a court order.
The volume of a sphere is 4/3 pi r^3.

The reason is that the volume of the sphere is divided into many cones with height equal to the radius and base on the surface.
I think it has to do with the fact that kids from poor countries are more likely to be chased by cars because they don't have the safety equipment to stop them. 

I'm not sure if this is true, but I think it's a cultural thing.
I'm not sure what you're talking about. 

Earthporn is not a porn site, it's a subreddit.  It's a place for people to talk about what they think is important.  They're not trying to promote it, they're trying to get people to like it.

I don't know what you mean by "promoting" it, but that's what they're doing.  If you go to the front page of the subreddit, you'll see a lot of people talking about it.
Stir welding is a solid state welding process that uses a non-consumable tool to join two facing workpieces without melting the workpiece material. 

When you stir the two pieces of metal together, you create a friction zone between the two workpieces.  This creates a small amount of heat, which causes the two metal pieces to melt.

The heat is generated by friction between the rotating tool and the workpieces material, which leads to a softened region near the FSW tool. This is the "friction zone" where the heat is created. 


Fusion welding is
DSCOVR is taking pictures of the Earth from a very high altitude.  It's taking pictures from a distance of about 10,000 miles away.  The Earthrise image is taken from a much lower altitude, so it's much closer to the ground.  

_URL_0_

The difference between the two images is that NASA's image is from the ISS, which is about 1,500 miles away from Earth.

If you look at the image from the ground, you can see that the Earth is very close to the sun, but it's also very far away
It's not that driverless cars aren't safe, it's just that they're not as safe as they used to be. 

A train is designed to stop at a certain speed. A driverless car, on the other hand, will be traveling at a different speed.
I think it's because when you yawn, the muscles in your cat's neck and back contract, which causes the muscles to contract. When you wake up from a cat nap, your body is trying to relax, and your muscles are trying to do the same thing. 

_URL_0_
It's called "ground itch" and it's caused by the nerve endings in your legs being stimulated by insects crawling on your skin.
They are both Shia and Sunni, but they are not the same. 

The Shia believe that Muhammad was the son of the prophet, not the son-in-law of Muhammad.

They believe that the Sunnah (statements and actions of Muhammad) are written down in the Quran, and that Muhammad's descendants are the successors of Muhammad, and not the descendants of Muhammad's family.
It's a generic male name.

It's just a name that's easy to pronounce.
Tupac Shakur was an important figure in the history of hip-hop.  He was the first black rapper to really make a name for himself in the music industry.

He was a great rapper, but he was also a great person.  Tupac was a man of the people.  

When he was alive, he had a huge impact on the culture of rap.  It's not just that he was a rapper, it's that he changed the way rap was made.  In the early 90s, rap was a very rough and tumble genre, and Tupac helped
When you're tired, your body is trying to get rid of excess heat.  Your body releases a lot of heat through sweat.  This is called evaporation.

When you sleep, your heart rate slows down and your blood pressure starts to drop.  When you wake up, your blood is still pumping through your body, but it's not as much as it was when you were asleep.  So you feel cold because you're not getting enough blood to keep you warm.
I think it's because they get paid a lot of money to do it. 

Maury and Springer get paid to get people to watch their shows.

Dr. Phil gets paid to have people watch his show.
I think it has to do with the fact that if you're in a slow lane, you have to wait for the light to turn green before you can turn onto the next lane. 

If you are in a fast lane, and the light turns red, you can't wait until the next light turns green, so you park one or two cars back from the line.
Leather and wool are made of organic materials. 

Leather is made of collagen, which is made up of amino acids and proteins.  These proteins and amino acids can be broken down by bacteria and other organisms.  When they are broken down, they break down into amino acids, which are then released into the air.

Wool and leather are made out of cellulose.  This is a protein that has a very long half life.  The longer it takes for it to break down, the more likely it is that it will be exposed to air and water, and the longer it
A galaxy is a collection of galaxies. 

The Milky Way is the center of all the other galaxies in the universe.

Galaxies are made up of stars, gas, dust, and dark matter.
Dividend paying companies have stocks that gain value because they pay a dividend. 

A company that doesn't pay dividends is not a company that makes money, it's a business that makes a lot of money.

When a company pays a dividend, the market value of their stock goes up, because the value of the company's stock increases.  If you own 100 shares at $4 per share, and the company pays you a 5% dividend, then the price of your shares goes up by 5%.

If the company never pays dividends, the price goes down, because they don't
The rick roll is the result of friction between the bottom of the boot and the sole of your foot. 

When you put your foot in the boot, you are applying pressure to the sole, which causes the sole to push against the sole.  When you lift your foot off the ground, the pressure is released, and it pushes the sole back into the boot.  This causes it to slide back into its original position.

This is why it's called a "rick roll".
I'm not sure what you mean by "play with the asset price". 

If you're talking about the price of a stock, it's not really "play" as much as it is a way for a company to raise money.

Let's say you have a company that makes a lot of money, and you want to buy a bunch of shares of it.  You want to sell them at a higher price than they are currently worth.  So you go to a brokerage and ask for a loan.  The brokerage will give you a loan of $100,000.  If you
Luxury brands are not necessarily better in any way. 

They are more expensive because they are more exclusive and because they have a higher price tag, which means that they have to spend more money to make the same amount of money to produce the same quality of product.

If you're talking about clothes, yes, they are better in some ways, but they are not always better. 


For example, if you are talking about shoes, there is a huge difference between the quality of the shoes and the shoes themselves.  The shoes are made of the same materials, but the shoes
I think it's because the sound of a roaring waterfall is so loud that it drowns out everything else in your head. 

Think of it like this:

Imagine you are standing in the middle of a river, and the water is rushing past you.  You can hear the water rushing by, but you can't see it.

You can hear it because it's so loud, but the sound is muffled by the rushing water, so you don't really hear it.
Alcohol does not affect your ability to lose weight. 

Alcohol is an energy carrier.  Your body uses the energy it gets from alcohol to burn calories.  When you drink alcohol, your body uses that energy to burn more calories than it uses from food.

When you drink a lot of alcohol, the amount of calories in your body increases.  This means that your body has to use more calories to burn the alcohol, which means that you have to eat more calories, which leads to weight gain.  The more calories you eat, the more calories your body needs to burn to get
It used to be that a person could work 40 hours a week and support a family. 

Now, it's a lot harder to do that.
I think it has something to do with the amount of light in the room.

When you look at yourself in a mirror, you're looking at your face, not your body.  When you look in the morning, the light from the sun hits your face and makes it appear thinner.
I think it's because they didn't get enough recognition for their roles. 

George Lucas made a lot of money off of Star Wars.  He made a ton of money from it, but it wasn't enough to sustain his career.
The sound is coming from your inner ear. It's called tinnitus.

Tinnitus is caused by damage to the hair cells in your ear. When you hear a loud noise, your ear sends out a signal to your brain, which it interprets as a ringing sound.
The argument that lowering taxes on the rich will benefit the middle class is based on the idea that the wealthy will spend more of their money on things they don't need. 

The problem with this is that it's not true.

If you're talking about the wealthy, they will spend a lot of their income on things that are not necessary for the economy, like houses, cars, etc.  The middle class, on the other hand, will spend most of it on stuff they need, like food, clothing, and shelter.
Ceramic is a non-metallic, inorganic material.  It has a high hardness and compressive strength, which makes it much stronger than steel.  Ceramics are also lighter than metals, which is why they are used in body armor.  

The process of making ceramic body armor is very similar to making steel armor, except that it is made of ceramic.  The process is similar to that of making steel, but the process is different.

Ceramics can be made in a variety of ways.  They are made by grinding and polishing the ceramic,
Tire treads are designed to allow water to be expelled from beneath the tire and prevent hydroplaning. When there is less surface area touching the road, less water can be expelled.
During the day, the air is very quiet. 

During the night, there is a lot of ambient noise in the air.

The reason we can't hear planes flying overhead during the day is because the atmosphere is very thin.  The air is so thin that the sound waves that travel through it are not reflected back to us.  They are reflected off the ground, which is why you can hear them at night, but not at day.  Also, there are many planes flying at night because they are low enough in the atmosphere that they can't be seen by the human eye.
I think it has to do with the fact that the US is the biggest market for foreign language films.  

In the US, there is a lot of money to be made in foreign language movies.  If you want to make a movie in a foreign language, you need to make sure that it has enough money to pay for the rights to distribute it in the US.

Also, the US has a lot more money than other English speaking countries, so it's cheaper to make movies in America than to make them in other countries.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it has something to do with the fact that Kim Jong-un is the heir to the throne of North Korea.

He is the son of Kim Il-sung, who was the leader of the country for over 70 years. He was the father of the current leader, Kim Jong Un. 

I think it's because he's the heir of the dynasty, and it's a way for them to show that they are still in charge.
Add-ons, like Firefox, Chrome, Safari, Opera, and Opera use JavaScript, which is a programming language that is used to render webpages.

Extensions, on the other hand, are made up of a bunch of code that is written in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. 

Chrome, Firefox, Safari and Opera all use WebKit, a set of libraries that allow you to write code that renders webpages in a browser, but Chrome uses Chromium, a version of Chrome that is built on top of WebKit.
It's not a "leftover" problem, it's a "missing women" problem.

There are a lot of women who have gone missing in China because they are not being taken care of by the government.
Energy from food is chemical energy that is used by the cells in your body to make new molecules. 

When you eat food, your body breaks down the molecules in the food into the molecules that are used by your cells to make energy.

Your body uses the energy from the food to make molecules that can be used in your cells.  This is called respiration.
The Old Testament is a collection of stories about people who lived long lives. 

Moses died at 120, Abraham died at 175, and David died at 70, while Abraham's sons lived between 400 and 500 years, while Moses' sons died between 400-500 years.

The reason they lived so long is because they lived in a time when the earth was relatively young, and because they were able to pass on their knowledge and wisdom to their descendants.  They were also able to live in a land that was relatively new, so they had a lot of time to learn about the world around them
It depends on the situation. 

If it's a routine traffic stop, the officer will ask the driver if they speak English, and if they don't, they will ask them to show their license and registration. If they do not, then they will arrest them.
Allergies are caused by a chemical called histamine, which is produced by your body's immune system. 

When you're allergic to something, your immune system releases histamine (which is a chemical that your body produces when it encounters an allergen, but your body doesn't know what it is, so it doesn't recognize it as an allergy.

Allergy is caused by the body not being able to produce enough histamine.  When you're not allergic to it, your body is not producing enough histamines, so your body can't produce enough of it.
There are two states in the US, North Carolina and South Carolina.

The reason there are two is because of the Civil War.  North Carolina seceded from the Union and became a state.  During the war, South Carolina was the first state to secede from the union, and was the second state to join the Union.  

In the early days of the United States, there were two states, North and South.  They were both part of the Union, but they were separate from the rest of the US.  In the early 1800s, the US government decided
LCD is a liquid crystal display (LCD). 

Plasma is an organic light emitting diode (LED) which is a light-emitting diode that emits light in response to an electric current.
IMAX film is an older technology than digital. 

Digital cameras have been around for a long time, but film has been around longer than that.  Digital cameras are a lot cheaper than film, and film is a lot more durable than digital, so they can be used for longer periods of time.
It's because it's easier to wind the watch when it's set to 10:10.

If you're wearing a wristwatch on your left wrist, you can't adjust the time because you have to take it off and put it back on your right wrist.
Unix was the first operating system.  It was developed by a group of people at the University of Cambridge who were working on a computer called the "Turing machine".  They had a very basic idea of how a computer should work, but they didn't know how to make it work.

They decided that they would make an operating system that would be able to run on a wide variety of hardware.  They decided that the best way to do this would be to use a language called FORTRAN, which was a programming language that was designed to be run on the Zilog Z80 processor.
I think it has to do with phonetics. 

In Old English, there were a lot of consonants and vowels that were diphthongized, and some of the vowels were lengthened.  This is what we call the [Great Vowel Shift](_URL_0_).

It's not that the vowel sounds in Old English changed, it's that the consonants changed.

For example, when you say "house", you mean "house" and not "house".

"House" is the same as "house," but "house
I live in Georgia, and for the past I dont know how many years we come to Colorado to go skiing. Its been a while since Ive skied there, but I remember the first time I went I was in the early 90s. 

Im not sure what youre talking about, but there are a couple of reasons.

1. There is a lot of snow in the mountains, and itll be there for a while.
2. There are a few areas of the mountains that have a lot more
Because it's easier to get a 12-person jury to agree on a verdict than a 6-person one.  

It's also easier for the judge to remove a juror if they don't reach a unanimous decision.  If a 12 person jury is deadlocked at 11 for conviction and 1 for acquittal, the judge can remove that person from the jury.
Bread is made of flour and water. When the bread is toasted, the water evaporates from the surface of the bread, and the moisture evaporates out of the flour, leaving the bread with a hard crust.
It's not that they don't have the same goals, it's that they have different goals. 

For example, if you want to help people with cancer, you need to have a cure for cancer.  You need to be able to cure cancer, but you need a cure.  If you have two charities with different goals, you can't do that.
GDP is a measure of the total amount of goods and services that a country produces.  It's not a measurement of how much money a country makes.  

GDP measures the amount of money in the economy, not the total number of people.  So, if you want to know how many people are working in a country, you need to look at how many jobs there are.  If you look at the number of jobs, you can see that there are more jobs than there are people, but you can't see how many of those jobs are being created.

If you want
Park Geun-Hye was elected President of South Korea in May of 2012.  She is the daughter of the late President Park Chung-hee, who was the first democratically elected president of the Republic of Korea.

As President, she was elected by the people of the South Korean People's Party, which is the ruling party of the country.  

She was elected on the basis of a vote of no confidence in the previous President, Moon Jae-in.  The people of Korea voted for her because they believed that she was the best candidate to lead the country, and that she would
Powdered aluminum is a reactive metal, meaning it reacts with other metals to form a chain reaction that causes them to explode. 

Aluminum is the most reactive metal in the world, so it is the one that is most likely to react with other materials.

It is also the most stable, meaning that it has the least energy required to ignite.
Pi is a ratio of two integers called pi. 

Pi is the ratio of the area of the circle x^2 + y^2 < 1 centered at the origin with radius r=1.
Tobacco companies don't want to pay taxes on the bad ingredients, so they don't remove them. 

If they wanted to, they could, but they would have to pay a lot of money to the government for it.
The film was shot on Kodak Ektachrome film, which is a type of film that was developed in the 70s and 80s.  It was shot in black and white, but the color was added to the film by adding color filters to it.
It's not going to go anywhere. It's going to stay in your lungs for a while, but eventually it will go back to the ground.
The day doesn't get symmetrically longer. 

The Earth orbits the Sun once a year.  It takes 365.24219 days to complete one orbit around the sun.  The Earth's orbit is tilted slightly to the side of the axis of rotation, which causes the day to be slightly longer than the sun's orbit.  This is called the [Milankovitch cycle](_URL_0_).  It is caused by the Earth's rotation.  When the Earth is tilted, the sun is at a slightly different angle from the Earth, so the day is slightly shorter than the
When you bend or cut a plastic, the stress marks are caused by the surface tension of the plastic. 

The stress is caused by a chemical reaction between the plastic and the metal, which causes the metal to react with the plastic, and the result is white.
When you're sleeping in a car, your eyes are closed, and your brain shuts down. When the car stops moving, your brain starts working again.
The double bass is smaller than the rest of the orchestra, so it can be played in a lower range, which is why it is tuned in fourths. 

The other instruments in the orchestra are tuned in fifths, so the bass is playing in a higher range.
Amway is not a scam.

It's a pyramid scheme.  It's a business that is run by a group of people who are paid by the company to sell their products.  They are not paid to sell the products, they are paid to run the business.  

Amway makes a lot of money by selling their products to people who don't want to buy them.  Amway is a scam because they are not paying people to buy their products, but they are paying them to sell them to other people.  The reason they are able to do this is because they have
The 2nd, 3rd, and 4th normative forms of a database are relational databases. 

A relational database is a database that stores data in rows.  It's a table where all the rows are linked to each other.  For example, let's say you want to store a list of people's names and addresses.  You can do this by creating a table that says "SELECT * FROM Customers C WHERE A.FirstName = A.Address;   



The 3rd normative form of a relational database stores the data in columns.  These are the columns that are
Cheez itz is a very high calorie source of energy.  

If you eat it, you will need to eat a lot of calories to keep your body going.  Your body will use up all of the energy it has stored in your fat stores.  If you don't eat enough calories, your body will run out of glycogen, which is the sugar in your blood that your body uses to keep you alive.  This is called glycogen storage.  It is stored in glycogen stores in your liver, kidneys, and liver cells.  When your body runs out of glucose,
The benefits of the TPP are:

1. It will open up new markets for US companies to sell their goods and services to other countries in the Asia-Pacific region.

2. It would make it easier for US manufacturers to export their products to the region. 

3. The TPP will allow the US to export more goods to the Asia Pacific region, which is a huge market for the US.
Lizard people are a group of people who believe that there is some sort of conspiracy between the government and Lizard People. 

They believe that the government is trying to control Lizard People, and that Lizard People are part of a conspiracy to control the government.

This is not a conspiracy theory, it's just a belief. 


_URL_0_

There are a lot of theories about Lizard People conspiracy theories, but here are a few of the most common:

1. The Lizard People believe that they are being targeted by Lizard People because they believe that Lizard Man is a
Because men and women need different shoe size systems for different reasons. 

1. Because men have a shorter pelvis than women, which means that their feet are shorter than women's.

2. Because women's pelvis is shorter than men's, it means that they have a smaller pelvis which means they can't swing their hips as far as men can.
It's because the video player has to re-buffernode the video before it starts playing. 

When you try to skip back to a part that has already loaded, you're actually just re-booting the video.

The video player doesn't want you to have to go back to the beginning of the video, it wants you to go to the end.
It was an evolutionary advantage to have women be physically weaker than men because they were less likely to be killed by predators. 

Also, they were more likely to survive and reproduce.
When you're sharpening a blade, you're not actually shaving it away. 

You're using an abrasive to shape the surface of the blade.  
 
When you use a sharpening stone, you are using a very fine abrasive that is very fine, and you are applying it to the edge of the cutting edge.  You are not shaving away the surface, but you are smoothing out the surface.
The universe is expanding, but it is not expanding at the speed of light. 

If you look at the distance between the center of the universe and the edge of the observable universe, you can see that the distance is increasing, but the distance from the center to the edge is not increasing.

Think of it like this:

_URL_0_

Imagine you have a rope.  You have a point on the end of the rope, and you want to know how far you have to go to get to that point.  If you take the rope and stretch it out,
It means to have a servant heart. It means to be willing to do whatever it takes to help others. It is normally used in a religious or spiritual context.
They don't measure how they can see and how bad their eyes are when it's literally a baby that can't even walk or talk, let alone read letters aloud from an eye exam. 

They measure it by looking at the baby's eyes and measuring how well they are aligned with each other.
I think it has to do with the size of the crowd. 

When a large crowd is cheering/singing, there are a lot of individual voices, so it's easier for them to stand out among the rest.
It's a combination of two things. 

1. The first is that the tower is built in such a way that the weight of the stone is so high that it can't be lifted by the tower itself, but by the ground.

2. The tower is set up so that the ground is level with the tower, so that it's not too far away from the ground, and so that when the tower's weight is lifted, it can be pushed up to the top of the tower.
I think it has to do with context. 

When you memorize something, you're using your brain's short-term memory to store information.  It's not so much that you can't remember it, it's that you're storing it in a different place in your brain than it is in your long-term one.

For example, if you're trying to memorize the periodic table, your brain is storing the information in the short term, but it's not storing it as long as it's in the long term.  You can't store it as far as you can in
The Catholic Church has a long history of allowing priests to abuse children. 

The problem is that the Catholic Church is a very hierarchical organization.  The hierarchy has a lot of power.  They have the power to fire any priest they want, and they can fire anyone they want.  If they don't want to fire a priest, they can't fire him.

In the past, it was not uncommon for a priest to be accused of sexually abusing a minor.  It was not unheard of for priests to molest children, but it was uncommon for them to get away with it.
Your skin is made up of a bunch of cells called keratinocytes. When you get sunburned, these cells die off, and your body has to send blood to the affected area to repair the damage. 

When you get a sunburn, your body sends a lot of blood to your skin to help it heal, so it gives off more heat than if you didn't.
Maestro is the person in charge of making sure that the musicians know the music and know how to play it. He is also responsible for making sure the music is written in a way that is easy to understand. 

For example, if you are playing a piece of music, and you don't know how it's written, you might not be able to follow the notes. If you are learning a piece, and don't have the written music in front of you, you can't understand it.

A maestro is also the person who is responsible for keeping the music in tune with the musicians
I think it has to do with the way your brain interprets the notes. 

When you hear music that's out of tune, your brain is trying to process the notes in a different way than it's used to.  It's like when you hear a song that's not in tune.  You're trying to understand it, but your brain doesn't know how to process it.
The term "left" and "right" come from the French Revolution, when those members of the National Assembly who supported the republic, the common people and a secular society sat on the left and supporters of the monarchy, aristocratic privilege and the Church sat in the right. 

The terms "left and right" were used to refer to the seating arrangements in the various legislative bodies of France.

In the United States, the terms "right and left" came from the Republican Party, the Centre Right and the Centre Left (1871) and the Liberal Party, which were the two main parties in
Pulse width modulated digital to analog converter work by using a delay generator. 

A delay generator is a device that takes a signal and amplifies it until it reaches a certain frequency, and then amplifies that frequency at that frequency.

The delay generator can be used to modulate a signal at any frequency, but it's best to use a frequency that's close to the Nyquist limit.  For example, if you take a signal that has a frequency of 12.5kHz and modulate it to 12.8kHz, you can get a signal with a delay of 0.5
Trick is when you get a card out of the deck that is not the highest card in the deck. 

In Bridge or Spades, it's when you lead a card after the other players have led a card, and then you win a trick by getting a card from the top card.
The labo is a device that uses an accelerometer to detect the movement of your hand, and then sends that information to a computer. 

The computer then uses that data to calculate how far you are from the screen, and how fast you are moving, and so on.

When you press the A and B buttons, the computer calculates how far away you are, and sends the information to the computer, which then sends it back to you.
We can't build a giant pipe from Texas to California.  It would be too expensive and would require a lot of land to build it.
When you imagine something in your head, your brain sends signals to the visual part of your brain, which is responsible for visual perception, and the part responsible for spatial perception. 

When you visualize something, you're using your brain's visual cortex, which contains the visual cortex and the parietal cortex, and all the other parts of the brain that are involved in memory and working memory.

Your brain is also using the brainstem (which is the part that controls visual perception) to store information about the world around you, and to store it in your memory. This is called working memory, and
Yes, it is possible. 

It is possible to be electrocuted by a phone being charged.

The problem is that the phone is not designed to be able to handle a large enough current to deliver a strong enough current.  It is designed to handle small currents, but it can't handle large currents. 

 >  Is it possible to electrocute yourself by touching the headphone jack?

Yes.  If you touch the jack with your hand, it will cause a strong current to flow through the phone.  The phone is designed so that it can handle a small amount
Light travels at the speed of sound.

If you slow down light, it will return to its original speed. 

However, if you condense it, you are slowing it down to the point where it can't travel at all.
Philosophy is the study of how the world works.

It's not a science, it's a way of thinking about the world. 

If you want to understand the world, you need to understand how it works.  You need to know how the universe works, and what it's made of.  It's also a way to make sense of the universe.
They're not omnivores.  They're herbivores because they eat grass.  

Carnivores eat meat because they're carnivores.

They don't eat grass because they don't have the digestive tract to digest it.
Alcohol is a depressant.  It affects your brain.  When you drink too much, your brain is not functioning properly.

When you drink a lot, your body starts to produce chemicals in your brain that make you feel drunk.  These chemicals are called neurotransmitters, and they are responsible for many functions.  For example, when you drink alcohol, you are metabolizing it.  This means that your brain has to work harder to process the information it is receiving from your body.  If you drink enough, you will be able to process more information, but you will not be able
A five dimensional hard drive is a hard drive that is designed to store data in three dimensions. 

Imagine you have a piece of paper with a hole in the middle of it.  If you want to write something to it, you need to write it in two dimensions.

The hole is 1.5 inches wide by 0.25 inches deep, so you can write the data in 2 dimensions, but if you write something in 3 dimensions, you can't write it because the hole is too small. 


So you could write a 5D hard drive, but that would require you to
It depends on what you mean by camouflage. Some animals have evolved to be able to change their coloration to hide from predators. 

For example, when you see a deer, it's not because it's covered in grass, but because the deer's skin is covered in leaves.

If you're talking about the human body, yes, it can be covered in plants, but that's not the same as camouflage.
Your brain has to process more than one sense at a time. 

When you close your eyes, your brain shuts down the part of your brain responsible for hearing in order to focus on sight.
Allergies are caused by your immune system.  Your body's immune system produces antibodies against an allergen, which is a type of immune cell called a TH2 lymphocyte, which belongs to a subset of T cells that produce a cytokine called interleukin-4 (IL-4).  These TH2 cells interact with other lymphocytes called B cells, whose role is the production of antibodies.  These antibodies are produced by the immune system in response to the presence of a certain substance.  

When you are exposed to a substance, your body produces an immune response.
Broddin is a type of globulin protein. 

It is a globulin that is made up of multiple identical globulin subunits with a separate ligand-binding site.

Brodin is a protein that binds to calcium, which is a calcium-containing molecule that is found in a lot of foods.  It is also found in soybeans and other vegetable proteins.  This is why it is often referred to as "brodin".

Swoleacceptance is a subreddit for people who are anti-meat and anti-fur.  The idea is that it is
A lot of times it's due to hardware failure. 

A router can fail, or a cable can get damaged, or the network itself can fail.

In the case of an ISP, it can be a combination of hardware failure, software issues, and human error. 


The problem is usually caused by a fault in one of the cables that connects to the backbone, which is the backbone that connects all the servers to the rest of the network.  This is called a "backbone".

When the backbone is down, it's not because the cables are damaged, but because
Th thorium has a high heat capacity, low density, low viscosity, low boiling point and a high boiling point, and excellent compatibility with other materials including structural materials and fuel. 

This means that it can be used as a coolant, which means that the core of the reactor doesn't need to be cooled by water, and that it doesn't have to be heated by steam.

It also means that you can use thorium as a fuel, which is a very good thing.
It doesn't mean that each core has 1.2GHz of clock speed.  It means that the CPU is running at 750MHz, which is about the same as a single core running at 3GHz.
They don't speak the same language as each other. 

They speak the language of the country they are in, and the language they are traveling in.

If you are traveling from one country to the other, you speak English, and if you are in the other country you speak French.
The Euro is the currency of the Eurozone. 

Greece and Spain are the two countries that are currently in the most trouble.  They owe a lot of money to the rest of the eurozone.  The Eurozone is a monetary union, meaning that the Euro is a unit of exchange.  It is a currency that is used to exchange goods and services between each other.

If Greece were to leave the Euro, it would mean that they would no longer be able to trade with other Eurozone countries, and they would have to pay back the money they owe to the other countries.
I'm not sure what is causing it, but I think it has to do with the fact that Israel has been building settlements in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip, which are considered illegal by the international community. 

Israel has been trying to negotiate a peace deal with the Palestinians for decades, but they have not been able to come to any sort of agreement.

In the meantime, the Palestinians have been fighting a civil war with Hamas, which is a terrorist organization that is part of the Hamas government.  Hamas is a group that wants to establish an independent state in the occupied territories.  They
Yeast is a type of bacteria that can ferment sugar into alcohol, which is what THC is made of. 

THC is a terpenoid, a compound that is found in Cannabis sativa.  It is produced in the seeds of the plant, but it is not present in the plant itself.
Alcohol is a depressant. It causes your body to release chemicals in your blood that make you feel drunk. When you drink too much, these chemicals start to build up in your bloodstream, and your body starts to feel the effects of the alcohol. When the alcohol wears off, your body is able to get rid of the excess alcohol, and the chemicals that cause you to feel drunk are released back into your bloodstream.
Your room has a lot of windows, so the air is constantly moving in and out of your room.

When you open a window, you're opening the door to let the air in, but you're also opening the window to let air out, which means that the air inside your room is constantly being cooled by the air outside.
The radiation in a nuclear explosion is released in the form of neutrons, which are radioactive particles. 

When the radiation is released, it travels through the air and eventually reaches the ground, where it is absorbed by the soil and water.

If the ground is not contaminated by the radiation, it will stay in the ground for a long time.
Perjury is a violation of the First Amendment of the Constitution of the United States of America.

Perjury occurs when you lie to a court. 

If you're innocent, you can't be tried for perjury, but if you're guilty of perjury, you're not guilty of lying to the court.
The Constitution says that the President of the United States is the head of the executive branch of the government, and the Vice President is the president of the house of representatives. 

In the early days of the republic, the Senate was the branch of government that was responsible for appointing the President.  The Constitution states that the Vice-President was to be the "President of the House of Representatives" and the President was the "president of the Senate."  This meant that the Senate had the power to appoint the President, but the President had to be elected by the people.  So the Senate decided that the
Your voice is a part of who you are. 

When you hear your own voice, you're hearing the sound of your own vocal cords.  When you hear someone else's voice, it's not your own.  It's their voice.
Hydrofracking is the process of fracturing shale rock to extract oil and natural gas from it. 

The problem is that the water used to extract the oil and gas is treated with chemicals that are toxic.  These chemicals can be radioactive materials, hydrocarbons, and carcinogenic chemicals.
Freestyle swimming is a combination of breaststroke, butterfly, backstroke, and backstroke. 

The reason we call freestyle swimming freestyle is because freestyle means any style other than backstroke or butterfly.

For example, breaststroke is a backstroke that uses your legs and arms to push off the wall.  Breaststroke is the most common stroke, but you can also use butterfly, freestyle, and freestyle.
Instagram knows when you're in a picture. 

It's called a "tagging" feature.  When you take a picture, the app knows where you are in the picture, and tags you.  It also knows if you're the subject of the picture.

If you're not tagged, it doesn't know.
The ink cartridge is the part of the inkjet printer that contains the ink that is deposited onto paper during printing.  

The ink cartridges are made up of a bunch of tiny metal rods that are connected to a chip that communicates with the printer.  The chip sends a signal to the printer that tells it what to do, and the printer responds.
The net serves a purpose in basketball for two reasons.

1. It allows the ball to bounce off of the rim and bounce back into the basket. 

2. It makes it easier for the ball handler to get the ball out of the basket and into the hands of the player in possession of the ball. 


The net also serves as a buffer between the ballhandler and the other players on the court.  If the ball is in the net, the ball can't bounce off the rim, and the ball will bounce back to the handler, who can then pass it to the ball
Pus is the fluid that comes out of the wound. 

When you open a wound, the blood vessels in the wound are swollen, and the pressure from the wound causes the fluid to drain out.

The pressure causes the wound to swell up, and when it does this, the wound becomes infected, and bacteria start growing in the area. 


When the wound is infected, the bacteria start multiplying, and they spread to other parts of your body.  This causes your body to produce more and more mucus, which helps the wound heal.
Alcohol was often the only safe liquid to drink for the time period before we discovered that boiling killed contaminants. 

Water was the only source of water that was safe to drink because it was made of sugar and yeast, which were the only two things that could be used to ferment alcohol.

Alcohol is a diuretic, which means that if you drink too much of it, it will dehydrate you.
Cigarette butts are biodegradable because they are made of cellulose, which can be broken down by bacteria and other microorganisms.

The problem is that cellulose is very hard to break down, so it takes a long time for the bacteria to break it down.
I'm not sure what you mean by "brainwashed" but I think it's a bit of a misnomer.

A lot of people can be brainwashed, but not all of them. 

Some people are brainwashed because they have been brainwashed by their parents or grandparents, or by their peers, or their friends, or even by a group of people they don't know.
The Hubble Space Telescope can observe things billions of light years away, but it can't observe things that are near to us, like Pluto or the gas giants' moons. 

Pluto and the moons are too far away for the telescope to be able to see, and they are too small to be observed by the HST.

_URL_0_
In America, the poor live in the inner city, while the rich are in the suburbs. 

In Europe, the wealthy and most of the middle class live in cities.
It's Sunday night during winter and a storm starts dumping snow all over the roads, what is going on behind the scenes to get all the roads cleared for Monday morning?
We know what nutrients are in a lot of things, but we don't know how much of them.

We can measure the amount of water in the food, but that's not enough to tell us how much is in a given food. 

What we do know is that the water in a food is mostly water, but there are a few other things in there as well.  For example, if you look at how much water is in watermelon, you'll see that it's mostly water.  That's because it's full of water, and the water is mostly dissolved in the plant
If the ball is dropped from the same place, it would end up in the same spot.

But if the balls are dropped from different places, then the ball will bounce off the pegs and land in different places.
We orbited the sun for a long time before we discovered sunspots. 

The sun is a disk of stars, and we are in the center of the disk.  The sun is moving at the speed of light, so we can't see it from the ground, but we can see it in the sky.

We can see the sun because we have a telescope.  Sunspots are caused by light reflecting off of the surface of the sun.  We can see them because they reflect off the sun's surface.  When we look at them, we can tell that they are
It's not a wife beater, it's a wife beat. 

It's just a way to refer to a shirt that is too big for a woman to wear.
Milgram's experiment was unethical because it was designed to see if ordinary Americans would obey immoral orders, as many Germans had done during the Nazi period."
I'm not sure what you're talking about. 

If you were on Mars, you'd be walking on the surface of the planet in shorts and a t-shirt.

Mars has a lower gravity than Earth, which means that you would be walking at a much lower speed than you would on Earth.  This means that if you were to step outside in shorts, you would fall backwards and hit your head on the ground.  If you were wearing a shirt, you wouldn't fall backwards at all.  You'd be falling backwards and hitting your head against the ground, which would knock you
Crumpets are made with flour, water, and salt. 

When you make a crumpet, you mix the flour with water, salt, and fat.  The water and fat form a thin layer of dough, and the salt and fat forms a layer of air.  When the water is added to the air, it forms a pore in the middle of the dough.  This pore is what makes the crumpets holey.

If the dough is allowed to rise too far, it becomes an open-cell foam, in which the gas pockets are connected.
It's a tradition. 

When India started using decimal currency, they used to divide their currency into denominations of 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, etc.

The idea was that it would be easier for people to figure out the value of the currency by looking at the number of coins in circulation, and not at the amount of money in circulation. So, if you have 20,000,000 rupees in coins, you can easily figure out how much money you have in 2's, 3's, 4's, 5's, 6's, 7's, 8's, 9
If you had a cord long enough, you could plug it into a 120v socket in New York, and use it to run a fan in...I don't know, Missouri?
Lawns are made up of a lot of different types of grass.  

Some of them have roots, some don't, and some have roots that are too deep in the ground to reach the top of the grass.

In the case of the logs, the roots are so deep that they can't reach the surface of the lawn, so they have to be poked out.  The roots can't get through the grass to the surface, so the logs are left on top of it.
There is a technical limit to how big can the human strength and muscles get, but it is not indefinite as long as we always provide all the necessary nutrition and workout. 

We have been able to increase the size of our muscles over the past few decades, but we have not reached the point where we are able to build enough muscle mass to be able to lift more than a few pounds.
If you were to make a "shell" of a game (all gameplay, but no assets like character models, dialogue, etc) then release a mod for the game that would add these assets (made by you), you would be at risk for a cease and desist.

If you made a "skin" of the game, but not the game itself, then you are not at risk of a cease-and-desist.
I think it has to do with the temperature of the food itself. 

When you eat hot, your nose has to open up and let in more air than it does when you're cold.  When it's cold, the air in your nose is blocked from being able to enter your nose, so it's not able to do that.
Your brain interprets a sudden change in velocity as a signal that you're falling, and interprets it as a "jump". 

When you feel like you are falling, your brain sends a signal to your inner ear, which tells your brain that you must be falling.

Your brain then interprets that signal as "I'm falling, I need to get out of this situation".

This is called the "falling" sensation.
They don't. 

It's not that they're deliberately lying about their service, it's that they don't know how to provide the advertised service.

They're trying to get you to pay more for their service.
Because the executioner would have to deal with the moral scruple of the person who is executing the person. 

It would be a lot easier for the executioners to handle if they were in jail for the rest of his life.
It's not that they're saying it's near impossible to make a living by making YouTube content, it's that they are trying to reduce the amount of competition. 

YouTube is a free-to-use video platform.  It's not a place where you can make a lot of money.  If you want to make money on YouTube, you need to have a large audience.  You need to be able to get people to subscribe to your channel, and you need a large enough audience to get them to watch your videos.

If you don't have a huge audience, you can't
Because mirrors are curved. 

When you look at a mirror from the top to the bottom, you are looking at the reflection of the surface of the mirror, not the mirror itself.  If you were to look at it from the bottom to the top, you would see the reflection from the reflection on the surface, not from the surface itself.
Earth's orbit is not stable because it is tilted. 

It is stable because the earth's gravity is pulling on the moon, and the moon's gravity pulls on the earth.

The earth's rotation is also tilted, which causes the orbit to be slightly elliptical.
The Fourth Amendment protects the right to be free from unreasonable search and seizure of property without probable cause. 

If the police have probable cause to believe that someone is about to commit a crime, they can seize the device.
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is the agency responsible for regulating the safety and efficacy of tobacco products.

The FDA is not the only agency that regulates tobacco products, but it is the one that is most concerned with the safety of the consumers.
They don't. 

There are a lot of things that go into it, but the most important one is the angle of entry.  When you jump off a cliff, the angle you land on the ground is very important.  If you land too far from the edge of the cliff, you will land on your back, and you will break your bones.

If you land in a straight line, the force of the impact will be evenly distributed throughout your body.  This means that you will not break any bones in your body, but you will damage your bones in other parts of your body
The tread of a snow tire is made of rubber.  The tread is made up of a mixture of natural rubber and butadiene rubber.

When you drive on a regular road, the tread of the tire is very thin.  This means that it is very easy for the air to get trapped in the tire.  When you put a snowflake on the tread, the air is forced out of the tread and into the air pocket.  

The air pocket is very small, so that it doesn't get trapped inside the tire, but it is large enough that it can squeeze through the
The pinky is the fourth finger of the left hand. It is the one that connects the vein of your heart to your heart. 

It is also the one you wear on your ring finger when you wear a ring.
I'm not an expert, but I'll try my best to explain what's going on.

There's a lot going on in Mexico City right now. The president of Mexico, Andrs Manuel Lpez Obrador, has been in power for over a year. He's been in office since 2000, and he's been a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI), the party of the previous president, Felipe Caldern. 

The current president, Miguel ngel Guaid, is the current president of the National Action Party (PAN), and
The problem with CISPA is that it would allow the government to collect and use your data without your consent. 

This is not a good thing.

The problem is that the government has a lot of power to do this, and it's not something that should be allowed by the Constitution.
There are a lot of different types of drugs. 

Crack is a synthetic version of Oxycontin.  Oxycontin is a drug that is derived from Oxycodone, which is a painkiller.  Cocaine is a stimulant.  Ecstasy is a hallucinogenic drug.  MDMA is a psychedelic drug.

Molly is an amphetamine.  It's a drug which has the same chemical structure as cocaine, but has a different chemical structure than crack.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it has to do with the way imgur works. 

Gifs are made by converting images into GIFs, which are then sent to the server.  When you upload an image to Imgur, the server converts it into a GIF, which is then played back on your computer.

However, when you upload a GIF to Reddit, it doesn't automatically convert the image to a GIF.  It has to be processed by the server, and the server doesn't know how to do that.  So, it's not
If you stir something long enough, it will separate. 

If you don't stir it long enough it will clump up.
It's not really that profitable.  

If you're talking about the chargers that are sold by the same company, it's not that they're all that different.  They're all different because they're different brands of chargers.

The chargers are different because the company is trying to sell the same thing to different people.  If you buy a new phone, you're buying a new charger for the same brand of phone.  You don't need to buy a different charger for every phone.
When you are sleep deprived, your body releases endorphins. Endorphins are neurotransmitters that cause erections.
They don't move forward, they move backwards. 

The engine is driven by a flywheel.  The flywheel spins at a different rate than the engine, so when you push on the accelerator, you're moving the flywheel in the opposite direction of the engine.  This causes the engine to spin at a higher rate than it is moving forward.  When you push down on the gas pedal, the engine revs up.

When you press on the brake pedal, you are moving the engine forward, but you're not moving it back.  You're moving it forward at the same
Envy can lead to procrastination and sometimes to inspiration.

When you are in a situation where you want to do something but you don't know how to do it, envy can help you focus on the task at hand. 

For example, if you are procrastinating because you are jealous of someone else's ability to get a job, you might want to take a look at what they are doing and see if you can do the same thing.
Love is a feeling. 

Lust, infatuation, crush and crush are all the same thing.

Love is an emotion.
Psychics, mediums, and other natral healers are allowed to sue you if you prove them wrong even though it is backed by multiple studies. 

It's not that they are wrong, it's that they're not telling you the truth.
Basically, the US has two main foreign policy goals:

1. To protect our national interest. 

2. To promote the interests of our allies.

The US has a lot of interests in the world, but they are not all the same.  The US is a member of the UN, NATO, the UN Security Council, and the UN Economic and Social Council.  These are all important because the US is an important member of these organizations.  They are important because they are important to the US.  If the US were not part of them, we would not be able to
Bumblebees are not the only bees that are furry, but they are the only ones that are plump and densely furred.

Honey bees have short tongues and have long tongues and collect nectar from flowers that are closed into a tube.  Bumblebees have shorter tongues and don't need long tongues to get nectar, so they don't have to use long tongues.
The bottle of water has a higher surface area than the pee, so the water will flow in a straight line. 

The pee bottle has a lower surface area, so it will drain in waves.

_URL_0_
It's called a [Coriolis effect](_URL_0_) and it's caused by the fact that the water in the drain is moving faster than the rest of the water.

When you drain a large body of water, the water is moving in the same direction as the earth, but the earth's rotation rate is slower than the water's, so the water has to go faster to keep up with the Earth's rotation. 

This causes the water to form a vortex, which is why you see tornados and whirlpools.
Humans are the only animal that actively helps and feeds other strange* animals. 

It's not that we're the only ones that do it, it's just that we are the ones that are more likely to do it.
I think it's because the maps are not representative of the actual subway routes.

There are a few reasons for this:

1. It's easier to draw a map of a grid than it is to draw the actual routes

2. There are a lot of stations in New York City, so it's hard to draw all the stations in a grid

3. There's not enough space for all of the stations

4. The subway is a very complicated system, and it's not easy to keep track of all the different lines

5. The stations are not always in
I think it has to do with the fact that you're used to the route you're driving. You're familiar with it, so you're less likely to be surprised by how long it takes to get to your destination.
The federal income tax is taxed as income. 

The state tax system is different.  The federal tax code treats every income as income, but the state tax code does not.

In other words, if you pay taxes in the first of the year and then get a refund in the second, the state will tax it as income and the federal tax system will treat it as a refund.
Acne is caused by a chemical called comedo, which is produced in the pore of your acne. Acne medication works by blocking the production of comedo.
When you're on cannibis, you're not getting enough oxygen to keep you alive, so your body has to expend a lot of energy to keep up with your body's needs. 

This means that your body needs to use a lot more energy to stay alive than it does when you're eating.
They can be reused. 

It depends on the type of organ.

A liver, kidney, liver, pancreas, etc. can be used for transplants, but only if the recipient is able to consent to it. If the recipient does not consent, the organs are removed from the body and sent to a tissue bank for processing.
The water was diverted through a series of tunnels. 

First, the water from the Colorado River had to be diverted away from the main part of the dam.

Then, the river was diverted to the other side of the river.  This allowed the water to flow into the reservoir.  The water was then diverted back to the original channel, where it was diverted into the main dam.  Then, the floodgates were opened, allowing the water back into the river, and the water was released into the lake.  When the water came back in, it started to fill the reservoir,
They don't need to close their eyes to go to sleep, they just need to adjust their vision to the darkness.
It is possible to hold an antenna up to an unshielded network cable and capture data being sent through the cable.  

It's called "interruptible foldback" and it's a technique used in wireless communications.

You can do it with a transmitter and a receiver, but it's not practical in most cases.
I think it's because Tolkien was a big fan of the Scottish accent.  

He liked it because it was easy for him to write, and it's easy to write a character with a Scottish accent, so it's not hard to make them sound Scottish.
Osteopathic medicine is a medical specialty.  It's a medical school that offers a doctorate degree in medicine.  

MD is a doctor of medicine, D.O is a Doctor of Osteopathic Medicine.
Alibaba is a very large company with a lot of assets. 

Yahoo is a relatively small company, so it's not going to be able to make as much money as it would if it were to spin off all of its shares.

Alibaba's shares are worth a lot more than Yahoo's stock, but they're not worth as much as they used to be, so they're worth less than they were when they were publicly traded.
Alcatel-Lucent is a telecommunications company. 

They are a provider of telecommunications equipment and software.  They are also a telecommunications service provider, which means that they sell their products to other telecommunications companies.

For example, if you want to buy a phone, you go to a telco and ask for a phone number.  The telco will give you a list of phone numbers and tell you how to call them.  If you call them, they will tell you what number to call and what number you should call.  Then you call the telco, and they tell you
Gibraltar is a British Overseas Dependent Territories. It was part of the British Empire until the 1713 Treaty of Utrecht.

During WW2, Spain was not part of World War I, and was not involved in any fighting during the war. The British didn't want to lose control of the territory, so they didn't take it.
Foil is made up of a thin layer of mucosa, which is the soft tissue that surrounds your mouth. When you bite down on foil, you're biting into the mucosa and pulling it out of your mouth, causing it to contract, which causes the cavities to hurt.
The S-R latches and memory cells are gates that control the flow of information in a circuit. 

An input gate is a gate that tells the circuit what to do, and an output gate is the one that tells it to store the data.

A memory cell is a circuit that stores the data in a series of cells.  It's basically like a "memory" cell.  If you write something to it, it tells the cell to store it as "1" or "0", and if it writes something else, it says "1".  If it doesn't, it
Because it's cheaper to have one standard than to have the entire world with one standard.
There are no absolute points in space.

The universe is expanding, and it is expanding at a constant rate. 

If there was a point in space that didn't expand, then there would be no universe, and there wouldn't be any reason for it to exist.
The SAVE Act was passed by the state legislature, and signed by the governor. 

Basically, it's a tax increase on high income people.  It's basically a tax cut for the rich.  The state will now be able to raise taxes on the rich, and the rich will have to pay it back.

The idea is that the higher income people will pay more in taxes and the lower the tax on the poor, the more money the state will have.  This will allow the state to spend more on things like education, health care, and public safety.
I'm not an optometrist, but I'm an ophthalmologist, and I can tell you that it varies from person to person.  

In general, it depends on the type of eye problem.  For example, if you have astigmatism, you need glasses to correct for it.  If you have farsightedness, you might need glasses for it, but if you are blind, you may need them to correct it.

If you have refractive errors, you can get glasses for them as well, but they are not as easy to get.
Your phone has a circuit in the back of the phone that connects the battery to the charger. When the battery is fully charged, it starts to discharge. 

When it's fully discharged, the circuit stops working, and the phone shuts off.

It's not that the battery drains faster from 15% to 85%, it's that the phone is using up more energy than it needs to.
Cardenismo is the political ideology of the extreme left wing of the Mexican political spectrum. 

It's a term used to refer to the extreme right wing of Mexico's political spectrum, which is the party of the president of Mexico, Andrs Manuel Lpez Obrador.
They don't shoot at each other accidentally. 

They are trained to do so.  If they are in a situation where they are firing at the same time, they know that if one of them accidentally shoots at the other, they are going to get killed.  They are also trained to know when to stop firing, so that they don't accidentally shoot each other.
It's not that we know, it's just that we can see it. 

Imagine you are standing in the middle of a circle.  If you look at the center of the circle, you can see that it's curved.  But if you stand at the edge of that circle, and look at it from the other side, you'll see that the circle is curved.

If you stand on the edge, you will see that you're standing on the inside of a saddle.  That's because you're on the outer edge of space.  You're not on the outside of space
I think it has to do with the fact that men in serious relationships are more likely to be monogamous than women. 

If you're in a serious relationship with a woman, you're not going to be able to have sex with any other woman.  You're going to want to be with her because she's your mate, and she's the one you want to reproduce with.
The TSA swab the edges of your laptop to "check something" before letting you have it back
I think it has to do with the fact that we have different tastes in music. 

When you're young, you're exposed to a lot of different types of music, and it's hard for you to tell what you like and what you don't like.

As you get older, you get exposed to more and more kinds of music and you start to find that you like them more.  For example, when I was a kid, I was exposed to lots of classical music, but as I got older, I found that I didn't like it as much, so I started listening to
It is possible to create and visualize 4 dimensional objects in our universe, but it is not possible to build a physical model of an object having 4 or more dimensions. 

Imagine you are standing in a 3D world. You can see the world in 3D space, but you can't see it in 4D space.

If you want to create a 4 dimensional object, you need to know how it works. You need to be able to draw it in 3d space and then in 4d space.
I think it has to do with the fact that your body is adjusting to a new schedule, and your brain is trying to adjust to the new time zone, so it takes a while for your body to get used to it.
The UN is an organization of countries that are members of the United Nations.  It is a body that is run by the UN Security Council.  Each member state has a veto power over the decisions made by the Security Council, which is the body that decides what happens in the UN.  The Security Council is basically a group of countries with veto power.

The UN has a budget that is determined by the General Assembly.  This budget is set by a vote of the UN member states.  If a country doesn't want to pay it, they can veto it, but if they do, the UN
Iran is not trying to build nuclear weapons. They are trying to develop the means to produce nuclear fuel, but they are not building a nuclear bomb. 

The US and other countries are afraid of Iran because they believe that if they get a nuclear weapon, it will lead to the spread of nuclear weapons throughout the Middle East, which would be bad for the region and the world.
Your heart is made up of a bunch of muscle cells called the mitral valve. When you get a heart ache, it's because your heart is beating too fast, irregularly, or skipping beats.

When your heart aches, your body is trying to compensate for the lack of blood by constricting blood vessels in your chest. This causes your heart to beat too fast and irregularly.
I think it's because the water in your garden hose is constantly being pushed by the rainwater in your yard.  If you have a lot of rainwater running through your yard, the water is constantly pushing against the ground, so the ground is constantly changing shape.

If you don't have a good drainage system in place, you can't keep the water out of the ground.
I think it has to do with the fact that rocking chairs/swings/gliders are a way for your brain to learn about the world around you. 

When you are young, your brain is still developing, so you are exposed to a lot of new things.

If you have a rocking chair, you're exposed to new things all the time.  You're also exposed to the sounds of the world.  If you have an old rocking chair in your living room, you can hear the sound of the ocean, and you can feel the vibrations of the wind in the air.
Essay is a written document.

Memorandum is a document that is written by a person or group of people, usually for internal use. 

An essay is an essay written by an individual.
It's not the train, it's the signal. 

The train is traveling at a certain speed, and the signal is coming from a different direction than the signal coming from your TV.

When the train passes by, the signal from the train is coming at a different speed than the one coming from the TV, and it's not able to pick up the signal that the TV is trying to send.
I think it has to do with the fact that when you look at a painting, you're looking at the surface of the canvas, not the object itself. 

When you're painting, your eyes are focused on the surface, not on the subject.
I think it has to do with the fact that Egypt has been in a state of transition for a long time. 

Mubarak was the president of Egypt from 1981-2011.  He was elected in a referendum after the death of Anwar Sadat, who was the last president of the country.  The people were fed up with the way the country was run, and they wanted to change it.

When he was in power, he tried to implement a lot of reforms, but the people weren't happy with it.  They wanted more freedom of speech, freedom of religion, freedom
Molecules are made up of a bunch of tiny little balls of molecules. 

When you grind something, you're breaking the molecules into smaller and smaller pieces.  You're breaking them into tiny little pieces that can't stay together forever.

If you want to grind something to molecular level, you have to break the molecules up into smaller pieces, which means you need more energy to do so.  So you need to keep grinding until you reach a point where the molecules can't be broken up anymore.
Cocaine is a stimulant. It makes you feel euphoric and euphoric. 

When you take cocaine, your brain releases endorphins, which are chemicals that make you feel good.  When you take a lot of cocaine, you're also releasing dopamine, which is a neurotransmitter that makes you happy.

Dopamine is the neurotransmitter responsible for making you feel happy, so when you're taking cocaine, it's making you happy, which makes it seem like a great idea.
We need troops to combat disease. 

We need soldiers because we need them to be able to protect the people who are being affected by the disease, and because they are the ones who are the most likely to die from it.
Amplifiers work by amplifying an electrical signal. 

An amplifier is a device that amplifies the electrical signal coming from a source, such as a speaker or a microphone.

When you hear a speaker, you are hearing the sound coming from the source.  The amplifier is amplifying the signal coming out of the speaker, which is the source of the sound.  If you have a microphone, you can amplify the signal from the speaker by using a diaphragm to amplify it.  
 
A microphone is a piece of equipment that is connected to a speaker.
I'm not sure what you mean by "obsessed" but I think it has something to do with the fact that it's a social thing. It's a way for you to connect with other people and get a sense of community. 

If you're a fan of football, you probably grew up watching a lot of college football. You grew up in a small town where the local team was the best, so you grew up idolizing the players and the coaches. You also grew up with the idea that if you went to a big school, you would be the best player in the world, so
I think it's because the Axis powers were able to rebuild their economies after the war. 

After World War I, the world was in a state of economic collapse.  The world was going through a period of economic depression, and many of the countries that were involved in the war were in desperate need of money.

In the early days of World War II, there was a lot of money in the world, but it wasn't enough to pay for all of the war's costs.  In the late 1930s and early 1940s, the US and the USSR were in a recession, and
The auto industry hates that Tesla sells directly to the customer instead of going through a dealer.

It's not that they don't like it, it's that they hate that they have to deal with the hassle of trying to sell a car to someone who doesn't know what they're talking about.
It's a combination of things.

1. 

iOS and Android have been around for a long time, so they have a lot of experience with new features and bug fixes.  
2. They have a large number of users, so it's not uncommon for new features to be removed from older versions of the software.
3. It's a lot easier to make a new version of a software than it is to make an update to the old version.
4. There's a huge amount of bug fixing that needs to be done to make the new version work properly.
5
I think it's because your body is trying to get rid of some of the chemicals in your body that cause you to feel sleepy. When you cry, your body releases a hormone called cortisol, which is a hormone that causes your body to release endorphins, which are chemicals that make you sleepy.
Self-defense laws vary from state to state. 

In the US, it's called "stand your ground" law.  It means that if you use deadly force in self-defense, you have to prove that you reasonably believed it was necessary to prevent imminent, unlawful physical harm to yourself or another, or to prevent the commission of a forcible felony.  If you don't believe that, you can't be sued.
ESPN closed captioning works by converting the audio signal into text. 

The audio signal is sent to your TV by the cable company, which is then decoded by your set-top box.

When the TV is broadcast, it's sent to a computer, which converts it into text, and then the computer converts that text into audio.  The computer then converts the text into words, which are then read by your TV. 


The problem is that the text is written in such a way that it's hard for the computer to read the text, so the computer has to re-
We knock three times to let them know we're there. 

When you knock, you're letting them know that you're there, and if they don't answer you're not going to hurt them.
Light travels at the speed of light. 

If you look at it from a distance, you can see that light is travelling at the same speed as you.  But if you look closer, you see that the light is traveling at a different speed.  If you look in the same direction, you will see that it's travelling at different speeds.

So if you're looking at the light coming towards you, it's going to take the most direct path to you, because it's the fastest path.
Microwaves are electromagnetic waves.

When you open a microwave door, the microwaves bounce off of the inside of the door and bounce off the outside of the oven. 

The door is made out of a thin layer of metal, which acts like a shield.  The metal is so thin that it can't absorb any of the energy from the microwave.  It's also so thin, that it doesn't bend when you open the door.  This means that any microwaves that do get through the door are absorbed by the metal, and can't escape.
Skin whitening soaps are made of glycerin, which is a type of fat that contains a lot of alcohol. 

Glycerin soaps contain glycerine, which acts as an anti-oxidant.  Soap is made by melting the fat and adding it to a solution of alcohol and sugar. The alcohol is dissolved in water, and the sugar is added to make the soap translucent.

When you whiten your skin, you are removing some of the fat from your skin.  This is called exfoliation, and it removes dead skin cells from the skin.
A defector is a person who gives up allegiance to one state in exchange for allegiance to another, in a way which is considered illegitimate by the first state. 

For example, if you are a member of the Communist Party, you are considered a traitor by the government of the country in which you are defecting.

If you are an independent citizen of another country, and you want to escape from that country, you can do so by renouncing your citizenship and becoming a citizen of the other country.
The food chain is not the only thing that affects the decisions we make regarding the environment, but it is a very important one. 

If you look at a food chain, you can see that there are many different types of animals in the food chain.

For example, if you have a bunch of different species that eat different kinds of plants, and they all eat different things, they all need different things from each other. If you have lots of animals that eat the same things, then they all have different needs, and those needs are all fed by different animals. 


So if you
The sound waves travel through the air. 

Sound waves are electromagnetic waves.  They travel at the speed of light.  If there is no air in space for the sound waves to travel through, they would not be able to travel at all.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it has to do with the way your brain works. 

When you're learning something new, your brain is trying to make sense of it.  It's like learning a new language.  Your brain has to make sure that you understand it, and that you know what it means.  If you don't, it's hard for your brain to process it.

It's like when you're trying to learn a new word.  You don't know what the word means, but your brain knows that it means something.
I'm not sure what you mean by "texturing" but I'll try to explain it.

A lot of texturing is done in the same way as painting. You have a series of brushes that are laid out on the ground. The brushes are placed in a grid, and when you draw something on them, you draw a line between them. The lines are drawn in such a way that they are straight, and you can draw a straight line between the brushes and the edges of the brush. When you draw an object, you are drawing a line from the brush to the edges, and then you
No, they don't die instantly. They suffocate slowly. 

The space suit is designed to keep them from suffocating to death.

There is no way to know for sure, but it's possible that they will survive for a few seconds before they start to suffocate.
Mafiosi don't know who belongs to which family, but they do know what happens in the family. 

In the movies, the Mafia is portrayed as a group of people who are all blood related, but who are not necessarily related to each other.  They are not related by blood, they are related by business connections.

There are many different families in the world, and they are all different in their own way.  There are a lot of different kinds of crime families in different parts of the world.
It's because of the aspect ratio.  35mm film is 4 perforations tall, with an aspect ratio of 1.375:1, 22 by 16mm (0.866 by 0.735 inches) at the dawn of motion pictures, whereas digital film is 22 by 24.5 inches, which is 1.85:1.
When you urinate, the urethra (the hole at the tip of the penis) is connected to the bladder. 

When you pee, there are two separate streams coming out of the hole.  The first one is called the urinalysis stream.  It is the one that comes out at the end of your penis, and the other is the ejaculatory stream.
They don't need documents to get housing or a job, car, etc. They just don't have them.
I think it has to do with the fact that Japanese tattoos are considered to be associated with crime. 

Tattooing was once associated with the yakuza, Japan's notorious mafia, and many businesses in Japan (such as public baths, fitness centers and hot springs) still ban customers with tattoos.
The wage gap is caused by a number of factors. 

1. Men are more likely to negotiate for higher wages.

2. Men tend to take more time off for family obligations, which means that they earn more money.
I think it's because your sinuses constrict when it's cold. When it's warm, the air in your eyes expands, causing them to dilate, which causes your eyes to tear.
They don't. 

It's not illegal to watch TV shows in HD.  It's illegal to download them in SD.

If you want to watch a show in HD, you have to pay for it.  If you don't want to pay, you can just watch it on the internet.
They don't let us know when they've edited their posts for simple grammar mistakes.

Editors are supposed to be responsible for making sure that the content of the page is up to date and correct.
Spam is sent to different websites and email addresses. 

First, you need an IP address.  If you want to send spam, you have to find the IP address of the website you're trying to reach.

If you don't have one, you can use the address of another website to find it. 


_URL_0_

URL_1_ is a list of all the IP addresses that are known to be sending spam.  This list is called the "DNSBL".  It's a database of all IPs that have been sent and received spam
The mercury in your fillings is dissolved in your saliva. 

Mercury is soluble in water, so if you swallow it, it will be absorbed by your bloodstream.

If you inhale it, you will inhale mercury vapor, which will go to your brain, where it is converted to mercuric mercury, which is toxic.
It's not so much that they can't identify and catch botters, it's that they're constantly finding new ways to bot around any new restrictions.
I think it has something to do with the fact that the floor is hardwood.  If you have a carpeted floor, it's easier for your dog to urinate on.  

_URL_0_
I'm 29 years old and my hair is turning grey. I'm not sure if it's a genetic thing, but I think it's because I have a genetic predisposition to it.
The president takes the oath of office in front of the House of Representatives, the vice president takes it before the Senate. 

The VP takes it in the Senate, the Senate is the supreme court of the United States, and the president is the chief justice of the Supreme Court, the highest court in the land.
The Beatles changed the sound of rock and roll. 

The Beatles were the first band to use the guitar as a main instrument.  They were also the first rock band to play the guitar in a way that was different from the way it was played in the 60s and 70s.  The Beatles used the guitar to play a lot of different instruments, and they were able to make the guitar sound like it was a different instrument than it was.  This was the first time that the guitar was used as a primary instrument in a rock band.

They also changed the style of music.
Your taste buds are made up of different types of cells, and your brain tells them what it likes. 

Your brain tells your taste buds what you like, and it tells you what it doesn't like.
The transition period looks like this:

Your brain is trying to make sense of the world around you. Your eyes are used to seeing the world in a straight line, so when you wear the goggles, your brain has to flip the image so that you see the world upside down.

When you wear them upside down, your eyes have to adjust to the orientation of the goggles. Your brain is still trying to figure out what the world looks like, so it takes a few seconds for your brain to get used to the new orientation.
Fusion is a process where two nuclei collide and stick together. 

The energy released is the net attraction of the nuclei to each other.

Fusion energy comes from the energy released when the energy of the fusion reaction is converted into electricity. 


The amount of energy required to start fusion depends on the amount of time it takes for the two atoms to collide and form a plasma, and how much energy it takes to heat the plasma up enough to turn it into a gas.  The amount of heat required to turn the plasma into gas depends on how high the temperature of the plasma
It depends on how long it takes for the tower to transmit the signal. 

For example, if you have a cell phone in a rural area, it takes a few minutes for the signal to travel from one tower to another.

If you have one tower in a city, it will take a few hours for the call to travel to the other tower.
Your ears have three semicircular canals, or tubes, arranged at right angles to one another.  They are lined with hairs connected to nerve endings and are partially filled with fluid.  When you move your head, the fluid in the canals pushes against each other, causing them to vibrate.

When you tilt your head back and forth, your brain interprets the signals coming from your ears and interprets them to tell you that your head is tilted.
It's a crust that forms on the pus. 

_URL_0_
PayPal is a company that allows you to pay for goods and services online.  

You can pay for things like auctions on eBay, or donate money or receive donations.  You can also send money to people in other countries.

PayPal charges a fee for each transaction.  The fee is based on the amount of money you send and the country you send it to.  For example, if you send $100 to a person in the UK, you pay 10.  If you send 100 to someone in the US, you get 100.  So if you pay $100
Eggs and dairy are a staple of the diet of many vegetarians and vegans. Many vegans are lactose intolerant and have a case of lactose intolerance, so they can't eat them. 

Dairy and eggs are also an important part of the food chain for many people who are not vegetarians. They are a source of protein, fats, vitamins, minerals, calcium, vitamins A, B vitamins, calcium E, K, etc.

Vegetarians don't eat eggs because they don't want to eat them, they eat them because they are a part of their
It depends on the laws.

In the US, squatting is defined as "occupying an abandoned or unoccupied area of land or a building that the owner does not own, rent or otherwise have lawful permission to use. 

For example, in New York City, the owner of a house can be evicted if they don't have permission to occupy the property.  They can also be arrested for trespassing if they do not have permission.
The speed of light is the speed of sound. 

If you're talking about the speed at which light travels through space, it's about 1/10th of the distance between the Earth and the Sun.

The reason we can't travel faster than that is because of gravity.  The Earth's gravity pulls the object in the same direction as the sun, so the object is moving at the same speed as the earth.  If the object was moving at light speed, it would be going at 1/20th the distance to the sun.  This means that if you're traveling at the
The government is not supposed to shut down. It is supposed to be shut down so that the government can be funded. 

The government doesn't have money to pay its employees.  It's supposed to pay for things like food stamps, Social Security, pensions, etc.
The Bible is a collection of writings written by different groups of people who lived in different parts of the world at different times.  

The Old Testament was written by the Jews, who were a group of people living in Israel at the time of Jesus' birth.  The New Testament is written by Christians, who believe that Jesus was the son of God, and that he is the Son of God.  They believe that the Old Testament is holy because it contains the teachings of Jesus, and the Gospels are holy because they are the writings of Jesus.
It's not so much that they have to be that large, it's that they need to be powerful enough to handle the amount of processing power required to make a game. 

The PS2/3/4 and Xbox/360/One have a lot more processing power than the PS3 or Xbox 360, so they need a lot of power to make the same amount of games.
It's called [meralgia paresthetica](_URL_0_). It's caused by a nerve in your thigh being stimulated too often. 

It's caused when you stretch your leg too often, and the nerves in your leg get stimulated too much, causing a tingling or burning sensation.
Lobbying is a legal activity in which special interests hire well-connected professional advocates, often lawyers, to argue for specific legislation in decision-making bodies such as the United States Congress. 

Bribery is when you bribe a politician to vote in favor of something you want.

Lobbying is when a special interest group pays a professional to lobby Congress to vote against something they want.
You can't declare bankruptcy to avoid paying the woman even though he's got the excess money to give to her. 

You can declare bankruptcy because you owe money to creditors, but you can't avoid paying them because you're not going to be able to pay them.
China does not pay taxes on capital gains taxes. 

Capital gains tax is a tax on the sale of shares in a company, not on the ownership of the company.  It is not a tax that is applied to the income of the owner of the shares.  If you own shares in China and sell them in the US, you are not subject to capital gains tax.
I think it has to do with the fact that they are social animals. 

Humans don't have the same sense of rhythm that other animals do.

Animals don't know how to follow the beat of music, so they don't respond to it. 

 >  Why do most animals seem to not respond to human music?
The stock market is not overvalued. 

It's not.

There are a lot of reasons why stocks are going up, but the most important one is that people are buying them.  If you look at the stock market as a whole, there are a few things going on:

1. The economy is doing well.  The economy has been doing well for a long time.  This means that companies are doing well, and that means that people want to buy shares of those companies.  So they're buying them, and the price of the stock is going up.
I think it has to do with the way your brain interprets what you see.

When you see something, your brain takes in what it sees and interprets it as a feeling. 

If you look at a coin from an angle, you see it as an elliptical shape, and you feel it as if you are looking at it from a different angle. 


Your brain then interprets that as an emotion.
I think it's because it's easier to sell things at 10 dollars than it is to sell them at $9.99.
Israel is a country in the middle of the Middle East. It was founded in 1948. 

It was originally part of the Kingdom of Judea, which was ruled by the Jewish people, and was known as the "House of Joseph". It is also known as "Samaria" or "Eretz Israel" in Hebrew.

In the Middle Ages, there were two main groups of people living in the region: the Jews and the Canaanites. The Jews lived in the hills of Samaria, which is now known as Judea. The Canaanites were a group of people who lived in
I think it's because of the way billiard balls are made. 

When you hit a billiard ball with a club, you're hitting it with a ball that's made of plastic.  The plastic is very elastic, so when you hit the ball with the club, it's going to bounce off of the ball and bounce off the other ball.

The blue balls are the balls that are made out of plastic, because they're the ones that get hit by the club.
You can turn the oven on and off, but it's not going to do anything. 

It's a safety valve.  The oven is designed to keep the food at a certain temperature.  If you turn the knob, you're just changing the temperature of the oven.

If you want to turn it off, you need to change the timing.
Subwoofers use exposed wires and clips because they are more conductive than a regular plug. 

A regular plug is designed to be able to withstand the shock of a shockwave, but a subwoofer is designed not to.
I think it's because of the concrete. Concrete floors are often poured onto a metal pan, which completely blocks most radio signals.
It's called a superposition. 

Imagine you have a bunch of particles in a room, and you're trying to figure out which one of them is in which state.  You can't see them all at once, but you can see them at different times.  If you take a picture of the room, you'll see that one of the particles is in the same state as the other.  But if you take another picture, you will see that the other particle is in a different state than the one you're looking at.  This is called a quantum superposition, and it happens when
We use the word "corpse" to describe a dead human body, but we use "carcass" to refer to any other dead being.
Caffeine, nicotine, ibuprofen, anti-depressants, etc, are all in your blood.

Your body doesn't process them, so they don't get absorbed into your bloodstream.
The first stage was powered by a single Gamma 8 engine, which burned for 127 seconds. The second stage had two combustion chambers, which could gimbal along two axes, providing the same level of control. 

The third stage had a second combustion chamber, which was used to push the fourth stage out of the way. The third stage also had two movable air vanes on the first stage during first stage flight and by the second stage burnout during second stage flight.
The constant e in logarithms is the inverse of the constant e. 

Let's say you have a number x = 0.

If x = 1, then x = -1

Now let's say that x = 2

x = -2

e = 0

So if x = x

then x = (1 - 2)

y = (2 - 3)



x= (1 + 2)


y= (2 + 3) = (3 - 4)



y=(1 + 3 - 4
It's a combination of the "X" and "Z" keys. 

When you press the "x" key, you're doing two things:

1. You're moving the cursor to the left or right side of the screen

2. You are moving the mouse to the right or left side

You're moving it to the top or bottom of the page

If you're using a mouse pointer to move the cursor from the top to the bottom, you are moving it from left to right.
Duvets, quilts, and fitted sheets are used for hygiene, warmth, protection of the mattress, and decorative effect.
We can, but it would be unethical and morally wrong. 

Stem cell research is a medical field, not a scientific one.  It's not about cloning a fetus, it's about creating a stem cell line that can be used to treat diseases.

The problem is that we don't know enough about stem cell research to be able to clone a fetus.
KaloBios is a company that sells a generic version of the same drug that is already on the market. 

The problem is that the company is not making enough money to pay for the drug, so they have to sell it at a loss.

Martin Shkreli is the CEO of the company, and he has been selling the drug to the public for a lot of money.
It's called the [Frhlich effect](_URL_0_).

It's caused by the fact that when you look out the window, your eyes are focusing on the object in front of you, and not the object behind you. When you look at something far away, you can't see the distance between you and the object you're looking at.

When you're in a car, you are looking at the object closer to you, so your eyes can focus on it more.
The Shanghai index is a measure of the value of the stock market in China.

It's a gauge of how much money people are willing to pay for shares of companies in the country. If the price of a stock is too high or too low, they will sell their shares. 

If the price is too low or too high, then they will be forced to raise their prices.
They don't want the government to take their money. They want it to stay in the hands of the people.
I think it has something to do with the fact that Chinese food is made with a lot of meat. Cheese is a staple food in China, but it's not the same as in other countries. 

Also, it's a cultural thing, not a culinary thing.
Kamikaze and Banzai attacks were a last resort. 

They were used by the Japanese because they were desperate for a quick victory, and because they knew that if they lost the war, they would be forced to surrender.

Banzai charges were used because the Japanese believed that they would not be able to hold the ground long enough for the enemy to regroup, so they wanted to take advantage of the fact that they were surrounded.
It's not that they owe favors to their donors, it's that they are required to do so by law. 

If they don't do it, they can't get elected.
Roads are not straight lines from point A-B, they are curved. 

If you want to go from A to B, you have to go up and down a hill.  If you go from B to C, you need to go down the hill.
Nicotine is a diuretic, which means that it binds to the receptors in your blood that are responsible for regulating sleep and wakefulness. 

When you're awake, your body is trying to regulate your sleep cycle, and it's doing a lot of work.

If you're addicted to nicotine, you're not regulating your sleep, but you're regulating your wakefulness (REM sleep).

This is why you can go 8+ hours without going to sleep without it, but if you're a smoker, you can't go 8 hours without it.
You can get the full volume of coffee implied by the size of the cup by asking for a larger cup. 

The problem is that the cup is too small to hold the full amount of coffee, so you end up with a cup that is half coffee and half foam.
The Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan in 1979. It was a civil war between the Soviets and the Mujahedin, who were led by Hafizullah Amin, who was a member of the Parcham faction of the Communist Party of Afghanistan (PDPA). 

During the civil war, the Soviet Union sent in troops to train the Afghan army, which was led by Nur Muhammad Taraki, the leader of the PDPA. The Soviets also sent in special forces, which were trained by the KGB.

After the Soviets took control of the country, the Soviets decided to send in more troops to help
Your car's tail lights are LED's.

When you look at a picture of a police car, you are looking at the rear view mirror.  It's not the tail lights that are flashing, it's the reflection of the car's headlights.
Magnetic attraction is caused by a magnetic field. 

When you put a magnet on a piece of metal, the electrons in the metal are attracted to the magnet.  The electrons are attracted by the magnetic field because they have a negative charge.  If you move the magnet away from the metal, it will repel the electrons.  But if you put the magnet back on the metal it will attract them.

If you put it on the other side of a wire, it won't repel them.  It's because the electrons have a positive charge, and if you move it away from
They don't need the honey to survive the winter. 

Honey is a byproduct of the bees' diet.  They don't eat the honey, they eat the pollen from the flowers.  If you harvest honey from a hive that doesn't have enough pollen, the bees will not be able to reproduce.
Waves break left to right/right to left because the water in the ocean is moving in the same direction as the earth's crust. 

If you look at a picture of a wave, you can see that the water is moving along a straight line.  If you take the water from one side of the ocean to the other, you will see that it is moving at the same rate as the water on the other side.  This is called the "polarization" of the water, and it is caused by the water moving in a direction perpendicular to the direction of the wave.
The US dollar is the most widely held currency in the world, so it would be affected by a state defaulting on its debt.
Because motorcycles are insanely loud without any consequence. 

In the US, there are laws regarding exhausts on cars, but not on motorcycles.

Motorcycles are a different animal.  There are laws about noise in some places, but they don't apply to motorcycles.
I think it has to do with the frequency of the oscillator.

A synthesizer is a device that uses a waveform called a [waveform](_URL_0_). The waveform is made up of a bunch of different bands of frequencies. 

When you hear a note, your brain interprets the waveform as a fundamental pitch.  The fundamental pitch is the frequency that your ear can hear.  When you play a note on a synthesizer, you are amplifying that fundamental pitch, but you are also amplifying all the other frequencies that your brain can hear as well
The 5th amendment doesn't protect against things like civil asset forfeiture. The 8th amendment does.
The price of chocolate is determined by the weight of the bar, not the amount of chocolate it contains. 

A 45g bar of chocolate costs 80p, a 300g bar costs 1.
The seasons are determined by the tilt of the earth's axis around the sun. When the earth is tilted towards the sun, it is warmer. When it is tilted away from the sun it is colder.
Your bellybutton lint is made up of a bunch of tiny hairs that stick out of your shirt and get caught in the fabric of the shirt. When you wear other color shirts, the lint doesn't stick out as much, but when you wear white shirts, it sticks out more.
The UK is a Commonwealth country.  It was once a colony of the United States.  The US Constitution was written in response to the fact that the UK was a colony.  

In the early days of the British Empire, the British Parliament had the power to make laws.  This was because they were the only country in the world that had the right to do so.

The British Parliament also had a lot of power in the form of the Great Council of Chiefs, which was a group of people who were appointed by the British government.  These people were the "Great Councils"
Laptop screens are thinner than monitors because they are thinner. 

Monitors are thinner because they have more surface area to work with.

Laptops are thin because they don't need as much space to work.
Life insurance is a loan.  It's not a loan, it's an investment.  If you take out a life insurance policy, you pay a monthly premium.  

When you die, the insurance company has to pay you a lump sum of money.  That lump sum is called a death benefit, and it's paid out after you die.

If you don't die before your life insurance expires, the life insurance company doesn't have enough money to pay out the lump sum.  So they have to set up a reserve fund to cover the loss of the policy.  This is
Galaxies are made up of gas and dust. When two galaxies collide, they push each other out of the way. 

When they collide, the gravitational pull of the two galaxies causes them to collide.

The result is that the space between the galaxies will shrink, and the stars will start to fall out of orbit. 


This is what happens when galaxies collide:

1. The stars will fall into the center of the Milky Way.
2. The Milky Way will become a disk.
3. The space between galaxies will expand.
4. Stars will start falling out
Gum is hydrophobic, meaning that it doesn't like water. Saliva, which is the liquid that makes up your saliva, is water-soluble. When you drink water with gum, the water in your saliva evaporates, leaving you with a dry mouth.
Gravel is used to keep water out of the walls and floors.  It's also a good way to keep dust out of them.

_URL_0_
You can bet 1st and 2nd 12 on roulette and walk away with better odds than the house. 

But you're betting against the house, and the house is betting against you.
It's called the [tympanic reflex](_URL_0_). It's a reflex that causes the muscles in your ears to contract in response to loud noises. 

When you hear a loud noise, your brain sends a signal to your muscles to contract, which causes your eardrum to move out of its normal position. This causes the sound to travel through your inner ear and into your brain, where it is picked up by your brain.
When you're lying on your back, your nerves send signals to the muscles in your arm to tell your brain that you're still alive. 

Your brain interprets these signals and interprets them as pain, tingling, or numbness.

When you fall asleep, your brain sends these signals to your muscles to tell them that your arm is still alive, so it doesn't feel numb.
Saliva is an extracellular fluid produced and secreted by the salivary glands in your mouth. If you didn't swallow your own saliva, your mouth would fill completely with saliva and you would just stop salivating.
Vinegar and baking soda react in the same way. 

When you add vinegar to ice, it causes the ice to freeze.

The reaction is called [hydrophilic bonding](_URL_0_).

Hydrophobic molecules are molecules that are attracted to the surface of the ice, which is why they freeze faster than hydrophilic molecules. 


When the vinegar is heated, it binds to the ice in a way that makes it more hydrophobic, which makes it easier for it to freeze faster.
Unconditional stimuli is a stimulus that doesn't trigger any specific response.

Conditioned stimuli are stimuli that trigger a conditioned response.
Your body has a process called DNA repair. When you die from radiation, the DNA in your body is damaged, and your body can no longer repair it. 

Your body's DNA is made up of a bunch of different strands of DNA, and when you die, your DNA is broken down, and the DNA is no longer able to repair itself. This is what causes you to die.
The arteries are called capillaries, and the veins are called venules. 

An arterial artery is made up of smooth muscle cells, which are surrounded by smooth muscle, and are 10-100m in diameter.

A venule is made out of soft tissue, and is 10-200mm in diameter, and has no smooth muscle.
Taxpayers have to pay for it. 

It means that the government has to pay taxes on the income that comes from the sale of goods and services.
Bread goes stale when it's exposed to air for too long.

Bread bags have micro-perforations in them that allow air to escape, which keeps the air out of the bread.
Unity is a game engine that allows you to create 3D environments in both 2D and 3D.

It's a very popular game engine because it's very easy to use, it's easy to learn, and it has a lot of features that make it easy for developers to make games.
The character is a parody of the late night host of The Daily Show, George Carvey.

He is a self-absorbed, condescending, self-important, condescension-driven comedian. 

The Daily Show was a satire show that lampooned the media, politics, and the media in general. It was the first time that a comedian was able to satirize the mainstream media, and it was one of the first times a comedian could do so. 


The Colbert Report is a satirical news show that satirizes the media and the news industry in general, but it's
They can, but they don't want to. 

It's not that they can't install key loggers, it's that they're not allowed to do so.  If they want to, they need to get permission from the browser to install them.
I think it's because of the way the zipper is designed. 

It's not a zipper, it's a pocket.  The pocket is designed to hold the extra fabric in place so that it doesn't get pulled out of the jacket.

When you open the pocket, the pocket is at a 45 degree angle, which means that the zipper has to be at an angle of 45 degrees to get the pocket to close.  This means that when you close the pocket the pocket gets pulled out, and when you open it up, it gets pulled back in.
The Enigma machine was not the only source of intelligence during the war.  It was also the most reliable source of information available to the Allies.

Turing and his team were able to break into the German Enigma system because they had a very good sense of timing.  They were working in the middle of the war, when the Germans were using the Enigma machines to communicate with each other.  If they were in a well-secured bunker, they would have been able to listen to the messages coming in, and if they were not, they wouldn't be able to decode them.
Because cigarette butts contain tar, tar, and other toxins from the cigarette. It's not litter, it's just the remains of a cigarette.
There are a lot of things wrong with an omnipresent surveillance system which is accessible to all. 

First, it would make it more difficult for law enforcement to do their jobs.  They would have to go to a judge to get a warrant to look at the content of the phone call, and then they would need to get permission from a judge before they could look at it.

Second, there would be a huge increase in the number of people who would be able to access the data.  It would also make it harder for the police to track down people who are involved in crimes.
It's not the speed of the train, it's the distance between the inside edges of the rails and the inside of the track. 

If you're walking on the outside of the tracks, you're not going to be able to see the train coming until it's at least a few hundred feet away.  If you're on the inside, you'll be able't see it until it hits you.
When you're lying down in bed, your body is still adjusting to the motion of the world around you. 

Your body is used to the constant motion of your body, and your brain is still trying to adjust to it.
Your hard drive is basically a series of magnetic platters that are magnetized to the surface of the disk. 

When you write something to the platter, the platters magnetize, and the data is written to it.

The platters are magnetic, so when you write to them, they magnetize back to the disk, and when you read something from them, the magnetic platter magnetizes back.
Torrenting works like this:

You download a torrent file, and then you connect to a torrent tracker.

The tracker knows that you want to download the file, so they send you a message saying "Hey, I want you to download this file".

When you get the message, you go to the tracker and ask them to send you the torrent file. 

They then send you back a list of all the torrents that have been sent to you, and the tracker tells you which ones you should download.
It's called "Notes" and it's used to balance the folios that make up the book (see bookbinding).
Tupac Shakur was killed in 1996. 

He was shot in the back of the head by a man who was trying to rob him.  Tupac was not a gangster, he was a victim of a hit and run accident.  He was not involved in any criminal activity, he just happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Gerrymandering is the practice of drawing districts that favor one party over the other. 

For example, in North Carolina, there are a lot of rural areas that tend to vote Democratic, but there are also lots of urban areas that vote Republican.

So when the state gets a new census, it has to redraw the districts to account for all of the new population.  This means that there will be a lot more people in rural areas than in urban areas, which means that the Republicans will be able to draw districts that are more favorable to them, and the Democrats will have to draw
E-cigarettes don't contain formaldehyde. 

They are heated and heated by the nichrome wire (heating element) that touches the e-liquid.  This heats up the liquid and causes it to dehydrate.  When the liquid is heated, it dehydrates and turns into formaldehyde gas.

It's not that formaldehyde isn't in the liquid, it's that it's in the vapor.
A turbocharger is a blower or compressor, usually driven by the engine, for supplying air under high pressure to the cylinders of an internal-combustion engine.

A supercharger, on the other hand, is powered by the exhaust, which is driven by exhaust exhaust.


A turbocharged engine can produce more power than a naturally-aspirated engine of the same configuration.
It's not the same as 25Mbps down, 3Mbps up.

25Mbps down means that you're only getting 25Mbps of data per second, and 3Mbps means you're getting 3Mbps per second of data.
When you heat up a substance, you're adding energy to it. This energy is called latent heat. 

When you increase the amount of heat in the substance, the energy is released as heat.

The amount of latent heat decreases with increasing pressure.
You can be the owner, president, CEO etc. 

But you can't be the president, president or CEO without worrying people trying to kick you out of your company.
The fuel in your tank is being heated by the engine.  When the engine is running, it heats up the fuel in the tank, causing it to boil.  This causes the gas to boil, which causes it to leak out of the tank.

If you don't have a catch tank in your car, you can't get the fuel out of your tank.
They don't take federal money, they take state money, and they don't have to pay taxes. They don't need to be accredited by the government, they're not required to follow all the rules and regulations.
New Orleans was the largest city in the Confederacy at the start of the Civil War.  It was also the center of the slave trade in the south, so it was a hub for slave trading.  

It was also a major shipping port, so there was a lot of shipping going through it.
Black holes don't "move" through space, they "drag" it. 

If you look at a black hole, you can see that it is moving at the speed of light.  It is not moving in the direction of light, it is "dragging" along the spacetime immediately surrounding it.
Meta tags are a set of tags that are used to describe the content of a page. 

For example:

_URL_0_

"URL_1" is a meta tag that tells your browser to display the URL of the page you're trying to link to.

Meta tags can also be used to refer to sections in a document, such as headers, footers, etc. 


"Article" is an example of a Meta tag. It's used to define a section of content that is independent of the rest of the document, but has the same semantic meaning
The acid in your stomach is neutralized by a thick layer of mucus, which acts as a barrier between it and the bacteria in your intestines. 

The bacteria that produce the acid in the stomach are not immune to the acid, so they don't attack it.
Your grandparents will likely not have similar wealth in their retirement.

Your parents will have a pension, Social Security, and a retirement account. 

They will have to pay taxes on their retirement income, which will be taxed at a higher rate than your grandparents.
Ice cream is made up of water, fat, sugar, and salt.  When it is frozen, the water is still liquid, so it will stay that way. 

When it is thawed out, the ice crystals form, and the water starts to crystallize into solid ice crystals.

If you want to make ice cream that is rock solid, you need to stir the ice cream constantly.  You need to constantly stir it to keep it from crystallizing.  If you don't stir it enough, it will eventually freeze solid.
It depends on who's actually selling it.

If it's a direct commercial sale, it's called a "direct commercial sale". 

In other words, the company that makes the weapon is selling it to the country that's buying it, not the other way around.
Alcohol is a depressant. It affects your brain in different ways. 

When you're drunk, your brain is trying to make sense of the world around you. It's trying to figure out what's going on around you, what's happening, what you're doing, and what you need to do to get out of the situation. When you're sober, you're trying to process all of these things in your brain.

Alcohol also messes with your brain's ability to process information. It messes up the way your brain interprets information and makes you do things that your brain
Molasses is made up of sugar and water. Honey is made of honey. 

Honey has a higher surface tension than molasses, which means that it has less surface tension, which makes it easier for it to stick to the surface of the food.

When molasses is stored in a sealed container, it doesn't have the same surface tension as honey, which is why it spoils faster.
The federal government has been cracking down on medical marijuana dispensaries for a long time. 

In the past, the federal government would raid dispensaries because they were selling marijuana to people under the age of 21, which is illegal under federal law.
They get their call letters from the Federal Communications Commission (FCC).

The FCC gives out the call letters in alphabetical order. 

For example, WRCB is a radio station in the Washington DC market.  It's owned by the Washington Broadcasting Company, which is the same company that owns WRCA.

WRCB started out as WRCC, which was a TV station.  The FCC decided to give it a 4 letter name because it was the first station to use the 4 letter format.  So, the FCC gave it the four letter name "WRC
I think it has to do with the way your brain stores information. 

Your brain has a lot of storage space in the back of your brain.  When you think about it, your brain is storing information in a bunch of different places in your brain called the hippocampus.  The hippocampus is the part of the brain responsible for storing memories.  It's the part responsible for remembering things that happen in the past.  If you don't have enough storage space, it's hard for you to remember things that happened yesterday.

If you have too much space in your hippocampus, you can't store
FMN is a nucleotide.  It is a molecule that is composed of a nitrogenous base, a phosphate group, and a nucleoside.  

A nucleotide is a group of molecules that are made up of three different types of nucleotides.  A nucleotide can be made of any number of different kinds of nucleosides.

For example, if you want to make a molecule with three different nucleotide groups, you can make it a diphosphate, a monophosphate and a triphosphate.  But you can also make it with a
Olympics are almost never profitable, why would countries spend billions on it?
Some black people have yellow-ish eyes because they have a recessive gene that causes them to have less melanin pigment in their eyes than white people. 

This is called [leucism](_URL_0_) and it's caused by a mutation in the gene that codes for melanin in the iris.
When you pour soda into a cup, you're pouring it into a glass container, which has a higher pressure than a can. The pressure causes the carbon dioxide in the soda to dissolve, which causes it to form a foam.

When it's poured into a can, the pressure is lower, and the soda is in a smaller container, so it doesn't have as much pressure to dissolve.
Yes, it's possible. 

You can make a company huge and still hold 100% of the shares.

The problem is that you have to pay a lot of money to do so.  If you want to make a huge company, you need to raise a ton of money.  You need to be able to pay off all of your debt, pay off the company's interest, and pay off your own share of the company.  It's not possible to do all of those things at once.
It depends on the type of business. 

For example, if you're talking about a restaurant, they have to file a report with the local government.

The local government is responsible for determining how much money they lost because of the shut down temporarily, and how much they are going to lose because of it. 


They can do this by looking at how many employees were laid off, how many hours were lost, how much revenue was lost, and so on.  They can also look at how long it took for the businesses to get back to normal, and if they were able to
The government doesn't set price ceilings for health care costs.

The government does set minimum minimum rates, but those are set by the insurance companies, not by the government.
SSNs are a way for the phone company to keep track of who is calling and who is answering the phone. 

The phone company has a database of all the phone numbers that are used by their customers.  This database is called the SSN database.

When you call a number, it's stored on the phone number itself, not on the telephone number itself.  The phone company uses this database to track who's calling you and who's not.  If you call someone and they don't know who you are, they can call you back and ask for your phone number.
Yes, if you replayed the universe exactly the same from the start, it would be the same. 

However, we don't know what the initial conditions were that caused the universe to evolve in the first place, so we can't say with 100% certainty that the universe would be exactly as it is now.

If you were to re-play the universe from the beginning, you would find that the world would look very different from the way it does now, and the universe itself would look different from what it does right now. This is called "quantum randomness".

Quant
Cats have no taste buds, so they can't taste sweet things. Dogs have sweet taste buds. 

Dogs, on the other hand, have taste buds that can detect sweet things, and they can taste salty things.
A pond is an area filled with water, usually at certain times of the year and generally has a circular shape.

A lake is a body of water that is surrounded by land, usually with a river or other outlet that serves to feed or drain the lake. 

Lagoons are shallow, often separated from larger bodies of water by barrier islands or reefs.
Laser therapy is a non-invasive method of brain stimulation. 

It's not possible to determine if it's effective when pets can't talk and it's used along side other treatments.

The best way to do this is to use a brain scan.  The brain scan is done by looking at the animal's brain and looking at how it reacts to light.  It's a very simple process, but it's a lot more complicated than just looking at a picture of a dog's face.  You have to be able to look at the brain and see what's going on.
Wee is pronounced "Double U" and not "Wee"

It's because of the pronunciation of the first letter in the English alphabet.

The first letter of the alphabet is a vowel, and the second letter is a consonant. 

In Old English, it was used for the consonantal sound of *v* and *u* (which is what we call "double U" in modern English).

So, when we say "wee", we are pronouncing it as "double u".

Wee, however, is pronounced as "weee
We don't know for certain reasons, but I think it has something to do with the fact that we have a finite amount of resources. 

In the past, there were a lot of people who were able to have more than one child at a time, but that's not the case anymore.

We have a limited number of resources, so we have to limit the number of children we can have.
The ice blocks in the glass have different densities and densities than the ice in the liquid. 

When you put ice in a glass, the ice blocks are made up of many different types of molecules, and the density of each of them is different.  
 
The density of the ice block is what determines the pitch of the sound waves.  If you put a block of ice in water, it will have a higher density than the water, so it will produce a higher pitched sound wave.  But if you put it in ice cream, it's going to have a lower density
Your third eye is in the middle of your skull. It has nerves that control your eyesight, hearing, vision, and proprioception. When someone puts a finger close to your forehead, they are touching the nerve that controls your third eye, and it sends a signal to your brain.
Your ears are made up of a bunch of tiny hairs that are attached to the inside of your skull.  When there is silence, the hair cells in your ears are deflected as waves of fluid and membrane motion travel through the chambers of the cochlea.  This is what you hear when there is absolute silence.
"Shooketh" is an old English word meaning "to shake" or "to be startled". 

"Shaken" is also used as an exclamation point.  It's used to indicate surprise or surprise.
KONY 2012 was the first time he released a video of himself.  It was not a good video.  

KONY is known for being a very controversial figure.  He has been accused of being a member of the Black Lives Matter movement, and has been involved in a lot of violence against women and children.

He is also known to be a very violent person, and is known to use violence to get his message out.  This is why he is known as the "King of Kony 2012".  He is not known to have a good sense of humor, and he is
HTML5 is the next version of HTML. 

CSS3 is the current version of CSS, which is used to make your website look better.

HTML5 will add a bunch of new features to CSS, including the ability to render images and video.  This is a big deal, as HTML5 is supposed to be able to support multimedia content without any plug-ins or components.
Immunosuppressant drugs are needed for skin grafts and for blood transfusions because the immune system needs to be able to fight off the foreign invaders.
I'm not sure what you're talking about. 

Amnesia is caused by damage to the hippocampus, which is the part of the brain responsible for storing memories.  The hippocampus is also responsible for learning new information.  If you have damage to this part of your brain, you will not be able to learn new things.
Cuba is still a communist country, so they still have a lot of old cars from the 70s and 80s.
Yes, it does. 

The ocean is cold, but it's not as cold as the air above it.  It's colder than the air below it.
I'm not sure what you're talking about. 

TL;DR: Lethal weapons are designed to incapacitate people by disrupting their central nervous system (CNS) so that it can no longer provide enough oxygen to the brain to sustain consciousness.

A bullet can do the same thing, but it can cause other disabling injuries that prevent specific actions (a person shot in the head, for example).

Tetanus and other tranquilizers are not designed to do this.  They're designed to paralyze the brain, but they don't do it immediately.  It takes a few seconds for
We hit things when they don't work. 

When you hit something, you're applying the same force to it as you would to any other object.  If you're hitting something hard enough, it's going to break, but if you're not applying enough force, you'll break it.
You don't. 

The foreskin is a very important part of the male anatomy.  It contains a lot of nerve endings that are responsible for regulating blood flow to the penis.  When you masturbate, you are cutting off these nerves, which causes the penis to become erect.  This is why it is important to have a foreskin.  The foreskin is also a very good lubricant, so if you don't have one, it can be very difficult to get an erection.

If you have a penis that is not circumcised, you can still get erections, but they are not as
I think it has to do with the pigment in the iris. Brown eyes have more melanin in them, which absorbs more blue light than blue eyes.
Pepsi is a bigger competitor than Coke. 

Coca Cola is seen to be a competitor because it's the bigger company.  It's also the bigger brand, so it's seen as the "bigger" brand.
The difference between this subreddit in its present form and /r/answers or any of the other answers subreddits. 

_URL_0_
You can open the sunroof, but you need to open the driver's side window first. If you open the passenger side window, you'll need to push it out of the way.
It's a cultural thing.

In the United States, the dollar bill is divided into 5 pieces. 

The quarter is divided in 4 pieces, the ten dollar bill in 5 pieces, and the fifty dollar bill, in 6 pieces.
When you are doing something that requires concentration, your brain has to work harder to keep you focused. When you're doing something else, it has less to do with concentration, it's more about keeping your mind busy.
Your body releases a chemical called lactic acid when you exercise. This is a waste product of your body's metabolism. 

Lactic acid is produced when your body uses the oxygen in your blood to make energy, and it's released in the form of lactate, which causes your muscles to ache.

When you exercise, your body releases more of this chemical, which makes your muscles ache more.
It's because it's a dogfight. 

_URL_0_

A dogfight is an aerial battle between fighter aircraft, conducted at close range.

It's also called "dogfight" because dogs are often used to fight each other.
I think it has to do with the fact that when you're drawing, your brain is trying to make sense of the world around you. 

When you are drawing, you're trying to figure out what you are trying to draw.  You're not consciously trying to create a picture, but you're subconsciously trying to find a way to express yourself in a way that your brain can understand and understand.  When you draw, you are using your brain to make a picture.  Your brain is telling your brain, "I'm trying to express myself in this way, but I don't know how
Alcohol is so toxic to bacteria it sterilizes things instantly and no bacteria is able to become immune to it it seems, and yet its toxicity is so low to us we ingest it for pleasure?
Medicare Part D was created by the Clinton Administration.  It was a compromise between the Democrats and the Republicans.  The Republicans were against it because they didn't want the government to take over the healthcare system.  They didn't like the idea of the government taking over the health care system.
Warm fronts are when warm air pushes out a cold air mass. Cold fronts are caused when cold air masses, usually moving equatorward from the polar region high pressure zones, interact with warm moist air of low pressure systems.
The UN Security Council is not a military body. It is a political body. 

The UN is not an army, it is a body of people.  The UN is an organization of people, not armies.

If the two permanent members of the UN go to war, the UN will not be able to do anything to stop them.  It would be like the US and Russia going to war with each other.
Sound is a wave. 

Hills and valleys represent the direction of sound propagation.

Sound waves travel in a straight line.  If you look at it from the side, you can see that the sound waves are traveling along the down-valley axis, but if you look from the front, you will see that they are traveling in a longitudinal direction.  This is because sound waves travel at the same speed as light, but light travels at different speeds in different directions.  So if you are looking at the sound wave from the back, you see that it is traveling in the same direction
It's not something you can be conditioned to. 

The amygdala is a part of the brain that tells your brain that you are in danger.  It's the one that tells you to run, fight, or freeze.  When you're in danger, it's the part of your brain telling your brain to do those things.
Stress is a state of mind. 

It's not just a subjective experience, it's a physiological state.

Your body has a system called the autonomic nervous system (ANS), which is the part of your brain that controls your body's response to stress.  It's the part that tells your brain what to do.  When you're stressed, your ANS tells your body to do a bunch of things.  For example, if you're on a roller coaster, the ANS will tell your body that you need to get off the roller coaster.  If you're in a
Internet Explorer has been around for a very long time. 

It's been around since the 90s, and has been the default browser for most of that time.

There are a lot of things that make it worse than other browsers:

1. It's not as fast as other browsers

2. It doesn't have as much support for new technologies

3. It isn't as good at rendering HTML

4. It can't render SVG

5. It has a huge number of bugs

6. It is slow

7. It uses a lot
When you're asleep, your brain sends a signal to your muscles to relax, which causes them to do so. When you wake up, your muscles are still relaxed, and your brain interprets this as a sign that you're falling asleep.
Defragmentation is the process of reducing the amount of space in a material. 

Think of it like this:

Imagine you have a piece of paper, and you want to put it in a box.  You put the paper in the box, but you don't want it to be too big.  So you put it on the floor, and then you put a piece on top of it.  This is called "defragmentation".

When you do this, you're reducing the size of the paper, but not the shape.  If you're five, you can't
Movies are made to be watched by millions of people.  TV shows are made for a small number of people who watch them.

Movies can be produced in a year's time, but TV shows can be made in years.
A meteorite is traveling at about 20 km/s (45,000 mph) due to gravity. 

The reason it's travelling so fast is because it's moving through the atmosphere.

When a meteorite hits the ground, the air around it is being compressed by the weight of the meteorite.  The air around the meteorites is also being compressed.  This causes it to accelerate.  It's like the sound you hear when you hit the ground.  When the air is compressed, it creates a shockwave, which causes the air molecules in front of it to vibrate.
I think it's just a cultural thing. 

_URL_0_

I don't know for sure, but I think it has something to do with the fact that when you see something cute, you say "aww" because it makes you feel good.
Your immune system isn't falling apart because of cancer/some other serious disease, it's because your body's immune system is not functioning properly. If your immune system stops working properly, you will get sick all the time.
Hollywood and Beverly Hills are part of the city of Los Angeles, but they are in the county of LA, not the city itself. 

Hollywood is part of LA County, which is the county that contains Los Angeles.
She was fired for "unspecified conflict from her audience work." 

The reason she was given for being fired was because she was not doing her job well enough.  
   

 
_URL_0_
It's easier to store liquid in a round container. 

Also, it's easier for the truck to push the liquid out of the way, and easier to unload and unload.
It's not an actual thing, it's just a cultural thing. 

It's called the [Cuntry Boner](_URL_0_) and it's caused by testosterone deficiency in the testicles.
Down syndrome is caused by a mutation in the genes that control how much protein is made in your cells. The extra chromosome causes your cells to produce too much protein, which is bad for your body.

If you have one extra chromosome, your cells can't make as much protein as they normally do, so your body can't produce as much as it normally does. This means that your body has to make more protein than it needs, which means that you will have a higher chance of having a child with Down syndrome.
I think it's because it's the upside down version of "9". 

_URL_0_
Nuclear energy is a reaction between two atoms. 

When two atoms collide, one of them breaks a chemical bond, and the other is left with a negative charge.  This is called fission.

The energy released from fission is enough to break the chemical bonds between the two atoms, and it causes them to form new bonds.  These new bonds are called radicals, and they are what cause the radiation.
It's not a euphemism for "crazy", it's just a way of saying "weird".

_URL_0_
It depends on the type of food you're eating. 

For example, if you eat a piece of bread, it takes 24-48 hours for it to digest properly, but you get all of the calories and vitamins in the first 4 hours.

If you eat something that takes 20-44 hours to digest, it's because your body is still digesting it, and your digestive tract is still trying to digest it. 


Your body is also digesting a lot of other things, like fats, carbohydrates, proteins, vitamins, minerals, etc.  These things are stored in your
Time is an idea. It's not a physical concept, it's a concept. 

We don't know if time is linear or cyclical, but we do know that the universe is expanding and contracting, and that it is constantly changing.

If you look at the universe from the perspective of a human being, you can see that time is moving at a constant rate, but if you take a step back in time, you will notice that the speed of light is slowing down, and if you step forward in time you will see that the amount of light in the universe increases and decreases.
I'm not sure, but I think it has to do with the fact that it's easier to submit questions to this sub than it is to submit them directly to Google. 

If you type in a question into Google, you get a bunch of results, but if you submit a question to the sub, you'll get a list of questions that are answered in the first hit.
I think it has to do with the way the brain works. 

The brain has two main parts, the medial temporal lobe and the anterior cingulate cortex. The medial temporal lobes are the ones responsible for storing long-term memories, and storing episodic memories.

In order to remember how to speak, you need to be able to remember what you said and how you said it.  
The anterior caesarean section of the brain is the one responsible for this.  It's the part of your brain that is responsible for learning new words, and it's also the
It's called sialolithiasis. It's caused by a blockage of the submandibular ducts in the salivary gland, which leads to swelling and swelling of the gland.
I think it's because of the way the video is encoded.  

When you're shooting at 24 frames per second, you're using a camera that's capable of capturing 24 frames at a time.  So if you take a picture of a scene at 24fps, and then move it from one frame to the next, it will appear to be faster than it actually is.

If you're recording at 30fps, then you're taking a picture at the same time, but you're moving the picture at a different rate.  You're moving it at a faster rate because the camera is
It's not that they have fractional electric charge, it's that they are made up of three quarks and two antiquarks. 

If you look at the structure of a quark, you can see that it's made up mostly of two quarks, one antiquark and one quark.

The reason for this is that the quarks have a higher electric charge than the antiquarks, which is why they have a fractional charge.
You wouldn't know. 

If you fell asleep and hit your head, you wouldn't feel it.  You wouldn't even know you were unconscious.
You don't remember the details of your dreams the next morning because your brain doesn't have time to process them into long-term memory. 

When you dream, your brain is processing the information from your dreams into what it needs to remember.  When you wake up, you don't have the time to do that.
Lift is a series of movements. 

1. The first phase is the "preliminary acceleration" where the bar is separated from the floor.  
2. The second phase is called the "adjustment phase". 
3. The third phase is when the bar reaches the center of gravity and the weight is lifted.
4. The lift is complete.
5. The weight is released from the bar.
We could, but it would require a massive amount of resources to terraform the moon. 

First, we would have to get rid of the atmosphere.

The moon's gravity is too low to hold an atmosphere for geological spans of time, if given an atmosphere, it would retain the atmosphere for a very long time, so we would need to remove the atmosphere and replace it with a thin layer of regolith.
When you blow, you are blowing air out of your mouth, and the air is pushed back into your mouth by your tongue. When you blow hard enough, it pushes the air back in through your mouth.

When you whistle, you're using your tongue to push the air out, and your mouth to push it back in. This causes the air to bounce off your teeth, which makes a different sound.
Microwaves don't destroy a gigantic amount of food nutrients, proteins, vitamins and so on.

Microwave radiation is non-ionizing, meaning it doesn't damage your cells. 

However, it does damage the outer layer of the food, which is the outermost layer of your body.  This is the layer that absorbs most of the energy from the microwaves.  The outer layer absorbs the energy, but the inner layer absorbs some of it.  When the food is microwaved, the energy is converted to heat, which causes it to lose some of its energy.
Sound is made up of waves. 

The louder the sound, the more energy it takes to travel through the air, the louder it is.
It's because the game is trying to save something to the hard drive, which is stored in a different format than the normal file system. 

When you close the game, the game will try to save that file, but it won't be able to.

It's not that the game can't save it, it's just that the file system doesn't know how to do it.
Franco and Salazar were authoritarian, but not fascist.

Franco was the leader of the Spanish Civil War, which was fought between the left-wing Republicans who were loyal to the democratically-elected Second Spanish Republic, and the right-wing Nationalists who were led by General Francisco Franco. 

Salazar was the dictator of Portugal, who ruled the country from 1932 to 1968.
The word "debunk" is derived from the word "bunk" (noun) and "debunker" (verb) which means to "take the bunk out of things".
Smoke is made up of a lot of different things. 

When a fire is burning, it's burning a bunch of different materials.  Some of those materials are organic, some of them are carbonaceous, and some are non-organic.

Some of the organic materials are so hot that they can't burn, so they are suspended in the air.  When they burn, they get absorbed by the surrounding air, which is what makes the smoke appear black.
If you want to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first create the universe.

If you are talking about the laws of nature, they are not physical laws. They are non-physical laws. 

The laws of the universe are not laws of time.  They are laws of space and time.
Eating is about more than just food.  It's about the anticipation of it.  When you're hungry, your brain is telling your body that you need to eat.  Your body is telling you that you're full, so you want to eat more.

When you're not hungry, it's telling your brain that you are full, which is why you want more food.
I think it's because the rain on the roof makes you feel like you're in a dream.

It's like a lullaby. You can hear the raindrops hitting the roof and it lulls you to sleep.
It's not safe/sanitary to wash cast iron cookware. 

It's safe/ sanitary to use soap and water to clean it, but not to wash it after use.
I have blue eyes. I'm not sure why, but I think it has something to do with the color of the iris. 

The iris is the part of your eye that reflects light.  It's a very important part of the eye.  If you have brown eyes, your iris absorbs more light than if you have green eyes.  This means that you have a darker iris, which reflects more light.

Your eyes are made up of a lot of different pigments.  Some pigments are light-absorbing, some are dark, and some are not.
Your credit score is based on a number of factors, such as the amount of credit outstanding versus how much you owe, your past ability to pay all your bills on time, how long you have had credit, types of credit used and number of inquiries. 

If you check your score more than "the allowed views" then you're increasing the number of times your credit score will be updated.  If you don't check it more than the allowed views, then it's not going to be updated at all.
It feels good to scratch. 

When you scratch something, your body releases histamine, which is a chemical that makes your skin itch.  When you scratch it, you release histamine.  This is why it feels good when you scratch a scab.
We have a good defense system for asteroids/meteors that might threaten us.  

We can detect them, and we can deflect them away from us, but we can't deflect them all at once.  We have to wait for them to get close enough to be detected, and then we have to find a way to deflect them before they hit us.
They don't. 

They use a breathing apparatus called a "breath hold".  It's a device that allows them to hold their breath underwater for a long period of time, then they exhale slowly to keep their lungs full of oxygen.
A patent on a medical device does not protect the use of the device, it protects the right of the manufacturer to use the device. 

A patent is not a license to sell the product.  It is a permission to use it.  If you want to sell a patent on something, you have to prove that it has utility.  You have to show that the device is useful.

If you don't have utility, then you can't sell it.
I think it's because when you're being flipped off, you're trying to get the attention of the person who flipped you off. 

When you get flipped off by someone you don't know, it's like when you get hit in the face with a baseball bat.  You don't want to get hit, you want to be the one who gets hit.
We say "pair of pants/jeans/shorts" when talking about one item of clothing when they are clearly not multiples.
The chameleon wouldn't be able to change shape.  It would just stay the same.  If you put it on a mirror, it would be the same color as the mirror.
It's called petrichor. It's an oil that is produced by certain plants. When it rains, it gets absorbed by the soil and is released into the air, whereupon it is absorbed by clay-based soils and rocks.
Your lungs are filled with oxygen.  When you hold your breath, you're using your muscles to contract them to hold the air in.  Your lungs are also full of water, so you're also using them to push air out of your lungs.  

When your lungs are empty, your muscles don't need to contract as much, so they can hold their breath longer.
Fog is a result of air refracting light. 

When you look up, you are looking at the sky.  If you look down at the ground, you can see the sky, but if you look at the air above you, you see the air below you.

If you're looking up, the air around you is moving faster than the air in front of you, so you can't see it as far away as you would if you were looking down at it from the ground.
It depends on a lot of things. 

1. Your social nature.

2. Your ability to communicate with others

3. How well you communicate

4. How hard you work

5. How long you have been doing it

6. How much do you know about the world

7. How many people do you have in your group

8. How do you communicate with other people

9. How often do you go to the bathroom

10. Do you know how long it takes for a person to learn something

11. How
Coma is a state of unconsciousness that is caused by damage to the brain. 

When you are in a coma, your brain is not functioning normally.  You are not aware of your surroundings, you do not respond to pain, light, sound, or movement.

Coma can be a period of time or is it your state of mind?
It's not a bubble, it's a bubble. 

The housing market has been in a bubble for a long time, and it's not going to go away any time soon.

There are a lot of reasons for this, but the most important one is that the housing market is saturated.  There is a huge amount of demand for homes, and there is very little supply.  This means that if you want to buy a house, you need to be able to get a mortgage on it.  If you don't have a mortgage, you can't buy it, and if you do
When you rub your eyes/put some pressure on your eyes, you stimulate the optic nerve in the back of your eye, which sends electrical signals to the brain. The brain interprets these signals as electrical signals and interprets them as a wired tunnel.
Because they are so far away that we can't travel to them. 

They are also too far away for us to travel to.
Groupon is a deal website that sells things for a fraction of the price of the original price.

The idea is that you go to a local business and buy a deal, and then when you return to the store, they give you a coupon for a discount. 

When you go back to the same business, you get a discount, and when you come back the next day, they will give you another discount.
The First Amendment prohibits the government from establishing any religion. 

The government can't promote or demote religion, but it can't support or displace religion.
Alzheimer's/Dementia is not a lie detector, it's a cognitive test. 

If someone with Alzheimer's or Dementia were to take the lie detector test, they would be found to be lying.  They would be unable to remember what they said, and they would not be able to tell if they were telling the truth or not.
They were discovered by observing the shape of the arteries and veins. 

It's not that they're so small, it's that they are so small that you can't see them at all.
HIV is a genetic disease.  If you are HIV positive, you have a 50% chance of having a child who is HIV negative.  This means that if you are infected with HIV when you are pregnant, you are more likely to have a child that is HIV positive.

If you are not HIV positive and have a baby who is negative, then you are less likely to be infected.
When you are coasting forward, the engine is trying to find the right RPM (rpm) for the car to accelerate.  

When you shift into reverse, you're trying to get the engine to find that RPM.  If you don't do this, the car will slow down and you'll end up going backwards.

If you do this while you're going forward, you'll get a sudden jolt to the clutch, which will cause you to lose control of the car.  This is why it's a bad idea to do it when you're in neutral.
It's not really a question of who is supporting who in the middle east, it's about who's interests are being served by who. 

Saudi Arabia and the Gulf states have a lot of interests in the Middle East.  They are the biggest oil exporter in the world, and they are also the biggest military power in the region.

Iran is the second largest oil producer, and is also a major military power.  The US and the UK are the two biggest military powers in the area, and the US is the biggest arms dealer in the entire region.  Iran is a nuclear power
There is no limit to how smart/dumb a person can be.  

There is a limit to the amount of time it takes for a person to learn something new.  If you are smart enough to learn a new skill, you will be able to learn it quickly, but if you are dumb enough to not learn it fast enough, it will take a long time for you to master it.

If you're smart enough, you can learn a lot in a short period of time, but it takes a lot of time to master a skill that requires a long period of learning.
It's not that the US has a problem with opiates, it's that we don't have a system in place to deal with it. 

In the US, there are no laws against the sale of opiates.  Opiates are not regulated by the government, and they are not controlled by the state, so they are freely available to anyone who wants them.

The problem is that the government doesn't have the resources to control the supply of opioids, and the state doesn't control the demand for them, so people who want them are able to get them, and sell them.
Dinosaurs are herbivores. They eat a lot of plant matter. 

Larger animals have longer digestive systems than smaller animals, which means that they can digest more of it.

The Brontosaurus and Paraceratherium weren't omnivores, they were sauropods, which are carnivores.
Pain itself does not kill someone. 

It can make them feel better, but it doesn't kill them.
Yes, you would still be you, but you'd be a different person. 

If you were born with the same DNA as your father, you'd have the same chromosomes as your mother, but your DNA would be different from your father's DNA, and your DNA wouldn't be the same as your mom's DNA.
It's called a photic sneeze. It's caused by a nerve being crossed between the trigeminal and maxillary branches of your nose, which are connected to the nerve that controls your sense of smell. 

When you think about sneezing, your brain sends a signal to your nose telling it to open up and let in air, but it doesn't.
It's called conjunctivitis. It's caused by inflammation of the conjunctiva, which is the fluid in your eye that makes up the tear film. When you wake up, your eyes are dry, so when you dry them out, they start to form a layer of mucus. The mucus gets stuck to the tarsal plates of your eyelids, which makes them stick together.
Air traffic control towers are built to handle a lot of traffic at once.  They are not designed to handle all of it at once, so they have to be maintained at different times of the day.  

For example, if you have a large airport with multiple runways, the tower can handle thousands of flights at once a day.

If you have an airport with only one runway, the towers can handle a few hundred flights a day, but if there are many more, they can handle hundreds of flights per day.
I think it's because your router is using the same frequency as your phone. 

If you change your router's "location" in it's settings to United States, your phone will be able to send more data to your phone, which is better than if it's in the UK.
Your eyes are made up of photoreceptors.  Your brain sends out a signal to your eyes to tell them what color you are seeing.  When you stare at a bright light, your brain interprets that signal as green.
When you turn on a fan, you're actually moving the air.  When you turn off the fan, the air is still moving, but it's not moving as fast as it was when you turned it on.  The fan is moving at the same speed as the air, so it's moving the same amount of air as it did when it was turned on.
I think it's because it's easier to cook a steak in the oven than it is to sear it on the grill. 

It's also easier for the steak to get browned and crisp.
It's because the petals of the rose are not as round as they should be. The petals are round, so when they touch the ground, they get stuck to the ground. 

It's also an evolutionary adaptation to keep the plant from being eaten by deer.
A consortium agreement is an agreement between a university and a university in another country. 

For example, if you go to the University of California, Berkeley, and you want to study computer science, you need to get a degree in computer science.

If you go and get your degree in Computer Science, you have to take a course at a university that is affiliated with the University in the other country, so you need a degree from that university, and the university has to give you a course in computer sciences. 


This means that the university in your country has to provide you with a degree
The first amendment prohibits the government from interfering with the religious beliefs of any person or group. 

Christmas is not a religious holiday, it is a secular holiday.
It depends on the drug. 

For example, if you're talking about anti-depressants, they can be tested by measuring the amount of the drug in your blood, and measuring how long it takes for the drug to reach your bloodstream.

If it's an antihistamine, it can be measured by measuring how much of it is in the blood and how much is in your urine. If it's a stimulant, they measure the amount in the urine and how long the drug takes to reach the liver. 


For antihistamines, it's measured by how much the
Hypocrisy is when you hold two conflicting beliefs about something. 

Cognitive Dissonance is when your beliefs are inconsistent with your actions.
Dogs and cats look the same to you because they are both domesticated by humans.

Dogs have been bred for many reasons, but the most obvious one is that they have been selectively bred by humans for certain traits which lead to modern breeds. 

For example, a German Shepherd is a purebred German Shepherd, which means that it has been bred to be friendly, friendly to strangers, clean, and friendly to other dogs, but it's also bred for its size and size of head, which leads to it being larger than other dogs. 


Cats, on the other hand
Humidity is caused by water evaporating from the air. 

Humidifiers work by using a pump to move water out of the air and into the humidifier.

Dehumidifiers do the same thing, but they work in the opposite direction.
Google Chrome and Youtube are Google services, not Apple services. 

Google Chrome is a web browser, not an app store.  It's not like you can download an app from the iTunes App Store and install it on your phone.
You can take a bullet for your country at 18, but can't have a drink at 18.
A googolplex is a very large number. 

10^10,000,000 = 10^10^100,000.

If you write it out in standard notation, it would take up a lot more space than the amount of space in the known universe.
It's not that salt makes your food taste better, it's that it makes your taste buds more sensitive to the salt in your food. 

When you eat salt, you're tasting the salt, which is why it's so tasty.

If you're not salting your food, then you're missing out on a lot of the salt that makes it taste good.
Drones are a type of aircraft that can be controlled remotely. 

The term "drone" was originally used to refer to the early military aircraft used for practice firing of a battleship's guns, and the term was first used with the 1920s Fairey Queen of the Skies.

In the 1970s, the FAA started regulating the use of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) as a way for the government to keep track of aircraft.  They were called "unmanned aerial vehicles" because they were often used for training purposes.
They are self-inflating life vests. 

They are made out of carbon dioxide.  When you exhale, the CO2 is released into the air, which causes the buoyancy of the water to increase.  The buoyancy increases as the water pressure increases.  This increases the pressure in the water, which makes the vest inflate.
It's because your brain is telling your brain that you're falling, but your inner ear is telling you you're actually going up.

Your inner ear tells your brain you're going down, but it's telling your body you're still going up, so your brain tells your body to keep going.
The drinking age was originally set at 18 because it was believed that it would be safer for young people to drink alcohol than to drive under the age of 21. 

In the early 1900s, there were a lot of accidents involving drunk drivers, and alcohol was a leading cause of death among young people, so it was decided to set the drinking age at 18.
Humans are territorial and are hostile to outsiders.

Humans have been around animals for thousands of years and have evolved to be able to recognize other animals as threats. 

This is why we have a strong sense of pride in our own race, and why we feel the need to protect our heritage and culture.
It's not a separate question from your race, it's a separate ethnicity question. 

If you're Hispanic/Latino, you're a Hispanic.  If you're white/white, you are a white.
Fantasy Football is a game of fantasy football. 

You pick a team, and the other teams pick a player.  The player with the most fantasy points is the one with the highest average fantasy points.  If the other team has more fantasy points than you, then the player who has the most Fantasy points wins.

If you have a lot of fantasy points, you can add them to your total.  You can also add more points to the total if your team has a bad week.  So if you have 10 fantasy points in the first round, and your team loses, then you
If all of the satellites orbiting earth went down simultaneously, there would be no immediate effects on our lives. 

We would have to wait for the satellites to deorbite before we would be able to communicate with each other again.

If they all went down at the same time, we would have no way of knowing what was going on.
The catch is that it costs money to build the infrastructure.

It's not that they don't want you to have internet, it's that they're trying to get you to pay for it.
An Absolute Monarch is a monarch who has inherited the position of head of state in accordance with the laws of their country.

A Dictator is a dictator who has usurped the power of the monarch and uses it to impose his will on the people.
Your body can store fat as energy, but it doesn't need to do so. 

Your body has a lot of stored energy, and it needs to use that energy to maintain itself, grow, and engage in activity.
When you plug your phone into the charger, the battery is being charged.  When you unplug it, the voltage in the battery increases.  This increases the capacitance of the battery, which means that the voltage is increasing.  

When you turn the phone on and off, the current is decreasing.  The voltage increases, and the current decreases.  So when you turn off the phone, you're reducing the voltage.  You're also reducing the current in the circuit, which is what causes the voltage to decrease.

This is called the Uo-phase.  It's
The hardware itself can't be compromised the way software can. 

The hardware is designed to be tamper resistant.  It's built into the hardware to prevent you from modifying it in any way.  If you want to modify it, you have to reverse engineer it.  You can't do that with software.

However, software is built in to be able to do things that the hardware can't.  For example, if you write a program that needs to access a file system, it needs to be written into the operating system.  The operating system is written in such a way that
I think it's a command meaning "come here" or "look at me".
Hot peppers have a lot of capsaicin in them. Capsaicin is the chemical that makes them spicy. When you dry them, you remove the pith, which is what gives them their spiciness.
The fuze is a piece of metal that is attached to the bomb. When the bomb is triggered, the fuze will slide down the tube and close the electrical circuit wired to the inside of the device. When it does this, the fuse will open and the bomb will explode.
Money was not invented by the state, it was created by barter. 

Barter was a way for people to exchange goods and services for each other, and it was a means of simplifying the trade and making it more efficient.
Torque is the amount of force that the engine can exert on the ground.  

Think of it like this:

If you have a car, and you want to turn a wheel, you need to move it.  You can do this by twisting the wheel.  If you do this, you are increasing the torque of the wheel, and increasing the power output of the car.

Now, if you have an engine, you can increase the torque by increasing the speed of the engine.  This means that if you increase the speed, you will increase the power of your engine.
I think it has something to do with the fact that they are used to having a place to go to pee and poop. They have a natural instinct to use the litter box as a safe place to do so.
Car Maggoton is a term used to describe a piece of paper that is made up of pieces that are glued together. 

In the movie, Marty McFly's DeLorean is a time machine that travels back in time to the year 1955.  In the film, the time machine is called the DeLorean.  It is a car that is driven by a man named Doc Brown, who is a mechanic.  He is the one who drives the car back to the future.

The movie is based on the book "Back to the Future" by Stephen Hawking.  The book was written
It's because the water in the pot is at a higher boiling point than the water inside the pot, so if you turn down the heat too quickly, the water will boil faster than it can cool down.
Depends on the jurisdiction. 

In the US, the money is usually sent to the Treasury Department, which then sends it to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, which in turn sends it back to the banks.

The Fed then sends the money to the US Treasury, which is then sent to a bank in the United States.  The US Treasury then goes to the Fed, and the Fed sends the cash to the New York Fed, where it is processed and then sent back out to the rest of the world.
The hour is divided into 60 minutes, with each minute composed of 60 seconds. 

The reason for this is that 60 minutes is a shorter number than 24 hours, so it's easier to keep track of.
Cults are often run by people who are desperate for attention and money.  

A lot of people are attracted to them because they are charismatic, charismatic, and charismatic.  A lot of times, they are also charismatic because they have a lot of money and money is hard to come by.  If you are a member of a cult, you are not going to be able to get a job.  You are going to have to work hard to get enough money to support yourself and your family, and you will have to put up with a lot more than you would if you didn't.
I think it's because it's easier to press the Shift key and the Alt key at the same time. 

Edit: I'm not sure if this is correct, but I think it has to do with the fact that Shift and Alt are the same key, so you can press them together and get the same result.
The 'i' is capitalized when by itself (as a word) because it's the first letter of the word. 

It's the same reason that the 'e' is pronounced as an 'i'.
It's not. 

Your computer is a piece of software.  It's an operating system, not a display.  When you change the resolution, you're changing the way your computer interprets the information it's receiving from the screen.  If you're using a 1080p monitor, it's not going to be able to handle the same amount of information as a 720p monitor.

If you're trying to use a 1920x1080 monitor, your computer is going to need a lot more memory to process the information that's being sent to it.  That's why you need to have
We can cut off plastic waste at the source, but we can't cut off all of it. 

The problem is that we don't know where the plastic is coming from. We don't even know where it's coming from in the first place.
When you are in an intense situation, your body releases adrenaline. Adrenaline is a hormone that increases blood flow to your muscles, which increases your heart rate, breathing rate, and blood pressure. This increases the amount of oxygen in your blood, making it easier for your lungs to make sound.

When you're in a fight, your heart is pumping blood to your brain, which causes your brain to think that you are stronger than your opponent. This makes you more likely to strike out at your opponent, which makes you feel more powerful. This gives you more confidence and confidence in your ability to fight.
Yes and no.

Yes, it's possible, but it's not practical. 

Imagine you have a bunch of massive binary objects in space, and you want to know how far apart they are.  If you look at the distance between them, you can see that they are at least 1.5 billion light years apart, but you can't tell how far away they are from each other. 


If you take a picture of the space between them and look at it, you'll see that there is a line of sight between the center of mass and the edge of mass.
It depends on the country. 

In the USA, there are two types of transfers.

A free transfer is when a player is released from their contract.  This means that the player is free to sign a contract with another club, but they don't have to pay any money for it.  They can leave for free, but the club has to pay a fee to the player.  If the player doesn't want to sign the contract, they can leave.  In the case of England, the player can leave on a free transfer if they want to, but if the club doesn't
Because it's cheaper to have metal plates and cutlery than plastic.
Yes, it is possible to take down all DNS servers. 

The problem is that it would take a long time for the DNS servers to get back up and running again.

DNS is a very complex system.  It's not a single server, it's a network of thousands of servers, each with their own set of IP addresses.  If you take down one of the root servers, the rest of the network would have to be rerouted to the new root server, which would be a lot harder to do.
I'm not sure what you mean by "they can't prove it".

The Ku Klux Klan is a hate group, but they are not a terrorist organization. They are a racist organization, and they are part of the white supremacist movement. 

If you want to prove it, you have to prove that the senators and mayors are members of the KKK.

There are a lot of ways to do this, but I think the easiest way is to point to the fact that the KKK is a very large organization with a large number of members, and that they are very well organized and have a
The sensor in your camera is sensitive to a wide range of wavelengths of light. 

When you take a picture, you are looking at the light coming from the sensor, not the light that is coming from your eyes.

The sensor is able to pick up light from a wide variety of wavelengths, but it is limited by the amount of light it can absorb.  
 
When the sensor is exposed to a lot of light, it can pick up more light than it can see.  This means that you can see more detail in the image, but you can't see as much detail
Cable and internet providers don't have the infrastructure to build out their own networks.

Cable companies have to pay the cable company for the right to use their infrastructure. 

AT & T, on the other hand, have to build their own infrastructure.
It depends on what you mean by "domesticated".

Dogs, for example, are not domesticated by humans, they are bred by humans for food.

Cows are domesticated because they are a food source, and because they have a good sense of smell. 

Pigs, on the other hand, are bred because they need to be kept in a house, and have a sense of safety, and they are not used to humans. 


So, if you want to know how a dog becomes domesticated, you have to look at the history of the domestication.  There are a lot of different things that go into it, but basically
Your consciousness is a result of your brain doing its job. 

If you are conscious, then you have a conscious brain.

But if you are not conscious, you don't have a brain.
Methamphetamine is a stimulant.  It's a mixture of amphetamine and amphetamine-like stimulants.

When you take it, your brain is flooded with monoamines, which are stimulants that are produced in your body by your body.  When you take meth, your body releases more of these stimulants, which causes you to feel euphoric and euphoric.  This euphoric feeling is what makes you feel like you're high. 

If you take too much of it, you will feel tired, sleepy, and sleepy.  If you take enough, you'll feel
I'm not an expert on politics, but I'll give it a shot. 

In the first season of House of Cards, the main character, Frank Underwood, is the President of the United States of America.  He is a member of the House of Representatives, and he is the leader of the Democratic Party.  In the second season of the show, he is a Senator from Maryland, and is the Secretary of the Treasury.

He is in charge of the Department of Treasury, which is a branch of the federal government.  The Treasury is responsible for all of the money that comes
Aspirin is a non-aspirin. 

Non-NSAIDs are anti-inflammatory drugs that work by inhibiting COX-1, which is the enzyme that causes inflammation.

Ibuprofen and naproxen are NSAIDs, which work by blocking COX enzymes, which are the enzymes that cause inflammation, pain, fever, and swelling.
Antibiotics work by inhibiting the metabolism of the bacteria that cause the infection. 

When you take antibiotics, they stop the bacteria from doing the things they need to do to make the infection go away.

The problem is that the bacteria have evolved to be resistant to the antibiotics.  They have developed a resistance to the drugs that are used to treat the infection, so they don't work as well.  This is called "antibiotic resistance" and it is a growing problem.
The treble is the lowest frequency of sound. 

The bass is the highest frequency.  It's the frequency that we hear when we hear the bass.  The bass is a very high frequency sound, but it's also a very low frequency sound.

When you hear a bass, you're hearing the bass vibrating.  When you hear the treble, it's vibrating at the same frequency as the bass, but the bass is vibrating in a different way.  This is called the [harmonic scale](_URL_0_).

Bass vibrates in
It's called a striae gravidarum, and it's caused when the skin is stretched too quickly. It can be caused by weight gain, pregnancy, weight gain during pregnancy, or weight gain after puberty.

It can also be caused when your dermis (the layer of skin that keeps your skin pliable) is damaged, which can lead to scarring.
I think it has to do with market share. 

iOS has a huge market share of the smart phone market, and Android has a very small market share, so there is a lot of competition for apps.

If you want to make an app for an Android phone, you need to make sure that it works well on all of the devices that are compatible with it, and that it is designed to work on all the different devices that have different hardware and software.  If you make an Android app for a phone that doesn't have the same hardware or software as an iPhone, it will not be
They are not protesting for the right to free speech, they are protesting for freedom of speech. 

They are protesting because they believe that the government is not doing enough to protect the rights of the people, and they want the government to do more to protect them.
Microwaves travel at the speed of light. 

If you're talking about microwaves, they travel at about the same speed as light.

However, if you are talking about the microwave, the frequency of the microwaves is different.  The frequency of a microwave is proportional to the wavelength of the light it travels at.  So if you want to know how long it takes for a hot pocket to cook, you need to multiply the frequency by the wavelength.  If you multiply the wavelength by the time it takes to heat the food, then the microwave will take longer to cook.
It's called a [LRA](_URL_0_) and it works by using a resonant resonant actuator (LRA) to vibrate the material. 

The LRA uses a magnetic field to create the vibrations.
Helium has a higher density than air, which causes it to vibrate more strongly in your vocal cords. 

Helium is a very dense gas, so when you inhale it, you're changing the shape of your vocal chords, which makes them vibrate in a different way.
I think it's because of the fact that it's a microblogging platform. 

_URL_0_
The National Security Council (NSA) is the executive branch of the US government. The UN is the UN Security Council.
Piracy is not a new problem. It's been going on for hundreds of years. 

Piracy has been around for a long time, but it's not as well understood as it used to be.

The main reason is that piracy is not as easy to detect as it was in the past.  It's not so much that there are fewer ships in the area, but that there is a lot more of them, and they are much more vulnerable to attack.  The more ships there are, the harder it is for the pirates to target them.  In the past, they would
Mockery is the act of making fun of someone. It's a way to make them feel like they're not good at something.

An echo is a way of making them feel good about themselves.
Aloe Vera is a plant that contains a chemical called DHA (dihydroxyalkanoic acid), which is a fatty acid. 

When you burn, your skin has a layer of skin called the epidermis, which is the outer layer of your skin.  When you apply aloe vera, it binds to this layer, and binds to the DHA.  This binds to your skin and makes it feel better.
Because it's a port of registry, not a customs station. 

It's not really a border, it's just a place to register ships.
Piracy is about taking advantage of the resources available to them.

Piracy isn't about getting rich, it's about getting away with it. 

It's about being able to get away with anything.
Internet Explorer has been around for a long time. 

It's been around since the 90s, and has been the default browser on most computers.  It's been used by a lot of companies, including Microsoft, and it's been a big part of their business model for a while.

The problem with Internet Explorer is that it's not really a good browser, it's more of a tool for Microsoft to make money off of.  They make money by bundling it into the operating system, but they don't make enough money to make it worth it, so they have to sell it
It's the same as the process of naming a movie or TV show.

First, you have to decide what you want it to be called. If you want to name it "Battle of the Bulge" or "The Battle of the Somme", then you need to decide that it's the name of the battle. 

If you don't want to use the word "Battle", you can use "Battles of the Rhine", "Boulevard of the Redeemers", or "Barracks of the Maginot Line".

You can also use "Battle
It depends on the speed of the train. If you're in the front or the back of a train going 100mph that is about to derail, it's probably better to be in the back. 

If you're on the front, you're more likely to be crushed to death.
The winter solstice doesn't sync with the new year.  It's the day between the solstice and the equinox.  The solstice is the longest day of the year in the Northern Hemisphere, and the day with the fewest daylight hours in the Southern Hemisphere.
Dissonance is when the notes are not in syncopated harmony with each other. 

For example, if you are playing a chord with a note that is dissonant, it sounds more dissonant than a chord that is consonant.

If you are writing a melody, you are trying to make it sound consonant, but the notes aren't in sync, so it sounds dissonant.
It's a conspiracy theory. 

Diana was pregnant with Mohamed Fayed's child and was about to get engaged to Dodi Fayed, the son of her summer host, Mohamed Al-Fayed.  Fayed was a wealthy man who was very close to the royal family, and Diana was not.  He was a friend of the Prince of Wales, who was the heir to the throne, and was very jealous of Diana's relationship with Fayed.

According to the conspiracy theory, Fayed killed Diana because he was jealous of the fact that she was getting married to the Prince,
It's because your brain is trying to make sense of the information you see on the internet. 

When you see something you dislike, your brain starts to process it and make a judgement about it.

If you see a picture of a spider, it's because it's a symbol of something you don't like, and your brain wants to know if it's real or not.  If it's not real, then your brain doesn't want to make a judgment about it, but if it is real, it wants to tell you that it is.
The US Census Bureau counts the population of the United States, and then uses that data to draw congressional and state legislative districts.

The census is done every ten years, and the districts are drawn based on that data.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm going to try to explain it in ELI5 terms.

When you're at high altitudes, your body has to work harder to keep up with the amount of oxygen in the air. It's not like you're breathing pure air, it's like you are breathing compressed air. 

If you're not acclimatized to higher altitudes your body will not be able to adapt to it as well as it can to lower altitudes. Your body needs more oxygen to function properly, and if you don't have enough oxygen
They don't fly sideways, they fly backwards. 

The reason they fly sideways is because the plane's center of gravity is at the front of the plane, and the wings are at the back.  When the plane is in a straight line, the air is pushing the plane forward, and when it turns, it pushes the plane sideways.

When the plane turns, the wings push the plane back, and they push the air forward.  This causes the plane to turn to the left, which causes the air to push the airplane sideways.
Torrents and file sharing are a form of peer-to-peer file sharing. 

Torrents are a way for people to share files.  When you download a file, you connect to a torrent tracker, which is a network of computers all over the world.  The tracker connects to all the computers that are connected to the network, and connects them to each other.  This is called a swarm.

When you get a torrent, the tracker sends a message to each of the computers in the swarm saying "hey, I have a file for you, and I want you to download it
It's a myth that orange juice is the defacto standard for fruit juices, but it's not. 

Lime juice was invented in the 17th century in the Middle East as a cure for scurvy.  It was a popular drink for sailors during long voyages.

It's not that it's the standard, it's just that it has been the standard for a long time.
I'm not sure what you mean by "dark fiber".

Fiber optic cables are generally only available in high-population-density areas where fibre has already been laid, as the civil engineering costs of installing fibre to new locations is often prohibitive.
Somaliland is a part of Somalia. It is part of the Federal Republic of Somalia, which is a country in the middle of a civil war. 

It is not recognized by any country.
It depends on the tax laws in the country. 

In the US, a "corporation" is a legal entity that is organized as a limited liability company (LLC).  This means that it has to be incorporated in the United States, but it can also be an unincorporated entity, which means it can be a partnership or a limited partnership.  In the UK, it's called a Limited Liability Partnership (LLP).  In other words, it is a company that is not owned by a single person.

The US tax laws vary greatly from country to country.
Grunting increases the pressure in your lungs, which increases the amount of air that can enter your lungs. 

When you're lifting heavy weights, the diaphragm expands, which causes air to flow out of your lungs and into your abdomen.  This creates a negative pressure, which makes it easier for air to enter your abdominal muscles.
They don't. 

In the middle east, it's very hot, but they don't sweat as much as you might think.
They are sent to a Juvenile Detention Center (JDC). 

It is a facility for people under the age of 18 who have committed crimes that are considered serious enough for them to be tried as adults.
Your air conditioner uses heat to cool the air inside your house.  When you turn it on/off, you are turning off the heat transfer.  If you leave it on, you're turning it on and off at the same time.

When you let it run, the air in your house is not being cooled, it is being warmed up.  The heat transfer is done by the air compressor, which uses a lot of energy to compress the air.  This is why it takes a lot more power to turn it off than to keep it on.
Reddit has a reputation system. You can vote for upvotes and downvotes for each post and comment on the site, and you can also earn karma for upvoting and downvoting. 

When you vote for a comment, you're voting for the person who has the most upvotes, and when you vote downvoted, you are voting against the person with the least upvotes.

This means that the top 10 most upvoted comments are the ones with the highest average rating, and the bottom 10 are the comments with the lowest average rating.
Hospital is a noun, not a verb. 

Hospitals are nouns, not verbs.

In the United States, the word "hospital" is used as a noun.  In the UK, it is a verb, meaning "to be in the hospital".

So when you say "in the hospital", you mean "in a hospital".
The washer nut on the toilet flushing handle is on the opposite end of the handle. 

When you flip the handle, you are twisting the handle in the opposite direction.  This is to prevent the washer from pulling the handle out of the socket, and the other end from being pulled in the other direction.
Laptops use lithium ion batteries. 

They have a sensor in the laptop that measures how much energy is left in the battery.

It's called a "battery balancer".

When the computer is in standby mode, the computer will use the computer's processor to calculate how much power it has left.  This is done by measuring how many cycles the computer has been running and how long it will take for the computer to recharge.  The computer will then use that information to calculate the amount of energy it has remaining.  If it's more than 100% full, it will
It's not really a counter, it's just a way for you to see how many people have voted on a post.

If you don't want to see the downvote/upvote counter, you can go to /r/askreddit instead.  

_URL_0_

It's also a good way for people to see if a post has been downvoted or upvoted.
It's not that they don't melt during a launch, it's that they're built to withstand the heat of the launchpad. 

The pad is made up of a series of tubes that are welded together in such a way that they can't melt.

Each tube is made of a different material, and each tube is welded to a different type of aluminum.  The tubes are made of different types of aluminum, and they're all welded in different ways.  Some of the tubes are very thin, some of them are very thick, and some are super thick.  Each
Synthetic marijuana is a mixture of THC and other psychoactive compounds that are not found in the plant. 

THC is the psychoactive compound that makes you feel high.

Spice is a synthetic cannabinoid that is made by combining THC with other chemicals that are naturally occurring in the cannabis plant, such as ethanol, butane, propane, and hexane.
The Obama Student Loan Repayment Program is a program that the federal government uses to reduce the interest rates on federal student loans.  

It's basically a loan forgiveness program.  If you have a federal student loan, you can take out a loan and pay it off at a lower interest rate.  You don't have to pay it back until you have enough income to cover the interest.

If you have private student loans, you don't qualify for the program, but you do qualify for a program called the Federal Direct Student Loan Program (FDSP).  FDSP is a
They remove the bullet and stitch the wound up. 

Then they take the bullet out of the wound and clean it up.

If the wound is too deep, they may have to amputate the leg or leg.  If the wound isn't deep enough, they might have to use a sticher to close the wound.
The US government borrows money from the financial markets. 

The Federal Reserve creates money by printing money, which is then used to buy and sell bonds.  The money is then printed by the Federal Reserve, which then uses that money to buy Treasury bonds, which are then bought and sold by the market.  This is called "quantitative easing" and is done by the Fed.

When the money is printed, it is put into circulation, which means that the government has to pay interest on the money.  When the money starts to run out, the Fed has to print more money,
It's the biggest damn gun I've ever seen.
Your taste buds respond differently to different temperatures. 

Your tongue has two types of taste buds.  One is called the "gustatory" and the other is the "sensory" one.  The taste buds in your tongue are the ones that sense heat and cold.  When you eat something hot, your taste buds are telling your brain that it's hot, so your brain interprets that as being hot.

When you eat cold, your tongue has a different set of receptors.  Your taste buds can't tell the difference between being hot and being cold, so they tell your
A DDOS attack is when you send a lot of traffic to a single server at the same time. 

Imagine you have a server that is connected to the internet.  You have a bunch of servers that are connected to each other.  Each server has its own IP address.  If you send enough traffic to one server, it will be able to handle it.  But if you send more traffic to the server than it can handle, the server can't handle it anymore.  So you have to keep sending more and more traffic.

A DDoS attack is where you send so much
Antidepressants work by inhibiting the production of serotonin, which is the neurotransmitter that makes you feel good. When you take an anti-depressant, the drug binds to the serotonin receptors in your brain, which causes you to feel good, but your brain doesn't want to release it, so you don't feel good enough to want to do anything.

When you take antidepressants, you're inhibiting your serotonin receptors, which means that you're not getting enough of it to make you feel better, so your brain wants to do something about it. This leads to thoughts of suicide.
He is the leader of a group of rebels in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.  He is a member of the Rwandan National Congress, which is a political party that is opposed to the ruling ZANU-PF party in Zimbabwe.  They want to overthrow the government and form a new government.  

He is also known as Harambe, which means "Harambe the Lion" in Swahili.
When you walk, your eyes are used to looking at the world from the perspective of the person in front of you. When the camera is moving as "first person", you're looking at it from the side, so you're seeing the world in 3D.
Allusions/Metephors are used to link concepts that the reader already has knowledge of, with concepts discussed in the story.

Similes are used for humorous purposes.
The Xbox 360 was backwards compatible with the PS2 and PS3 when it was released in 2007, but the PS3 was only released in 2010.

The reason it took so long to get backwards compatible is because the original Xbox and PS2 were built on different hardware. The PS2 was built on a 64bit chip, and the Xbox 360 on a 32bit chip. The Xbox 360 had a 64 bit chip, so it was very difficult to port the code to the 64bit version of the console.
Citing an academic article is not easy.  You need to know how to find the source.  If you don't know the source, you can't find it.  

If you know what the source is, then you can search for it and find it easily.
Your body uses glucose as its primary source of energy. 

When you're not eating, your body breaks down fat to make glucose, which your body uses to keep you alive.

If you're starving to death you can actually die from eating, but your body doesn't have enough glucose to make enough glucose for you to live.  Your body needs protein, which is the only thing that your body can make.  When your body runs out of protein, it goes into a state of hypoglycemia, which means that it can't get enough glucose.  This causes your heart to stop
Your body is going through a lot of processes. 

1. Your body is trying to get rid of the bacteria that is causing the infection.  This is called the "post antibiotic effect".  It is caused by your body trying to break down the bacteria, which is why antibiotics are used to kill them.

2. Your immune system is also trying to kill the bacteria.  Your body has a bunch of different proteins that it uses to kill bacteria, and these proteins are broken down by your immune system.  These proteins are called cytokines.  When you take an antibiotic, your immune
They don't count it unless the election is a close one.  

If you are voting on an absentee ballot, it's not counted unless you have a valid reason to do so.  If you're voting on a write-in ballot, you're not eligible to vote until you show up at the polls on Election Day.
SSH is a protocol that allows you to connect to another computer over the network. 

When you connect to a computer from another computer, you are connecting to it through a secure tunnel.

You can connect to your computer from any computer on the network, but if you connect from a desktop to a Windows machine, you will be connecting to the computer on your network, and the computer will connect to the network on your computer, and you will then be able to access the computer from your computer. 


SSH works by encrypting the connection between the computer and the server, and encrypt
I think it's because you're mixing the powder with hot water and then adding cold water after. 

Hot water makes it easier for the powder to dissolve, and cold water slows down the process.
PewDiePie is a popular YouTuber who is known for playing video games.  He has over 100 million subscribers.

He is also known as the "King of PewDiePie" because he is the most popular person on the internet.
It takes a lot of things. 

1. A strong economy is one that has a stable and stable government.

2. A stable government is one with a stable economy that is able to provide basic services to its citizens.  
3. The government has to be able to control the economy.
4. The economy has to have a stable supply of basic goods and services.
5. It has to create jobs.
6. It needs to have the right kind of infrastructure to support the population.
Diseases which benefit the human body are not the only ones we have. 

There are many diseases that are beneficial to the body, but we have not been able to find a cure for them yet.
When you rub your eyes, you're stimulating the cells in the back of your eye. The pressure causes them to fire, and the result is what you see when you close your eyes.
It's not recessive, it's recessive due to a mutation in the OCA2 gene that causes blue eyes. 

The reason it is recessive is because it is a recessive trait, which means that people with blue eyes are more likely to have blue eyes than people with red eyes.
Your dog's sense of smell is much more sensitive than your human's. 

Dogs have more receptors in their noses than humans, so they can detect things that we can't.

Your dog can smell feces from a half inch away, but you can't smell it from a mile away.
It depends on the electricity bill.

The electricity bill for a typical rock concert is usually about $100. 

If you're talking about the amount of electricity used for lighting, sound, sound equipment, lighting, etc, it depends on how big the venue is and how many people are expected to be there.
The original blueprints were made using a process called cyanotype. Cyanotype is a photolysis of an iron oxide, which is an insoluble iron oxide. When the iron oxide is exposed to ultraviolet light, it turns into a blue substance, which you can then use to make a positive copy of the original. 

The blue color is the result of a chemical reaction between iron oxide and potassium ferric citrate, which reacts with ultraviolet light to form a blue color.
It's not hard to make artificial blood, it's just hard to store it. 

Red blood cells have a very short shelf life of 42 days, which means they need to be stored at room temperature and not under refrigeration for more than a year.

Platelets and plasma have a much longer shelf life than red blood cells, which is why they are used in transfusions. 


Hemoglobin is a type of red blood cell, and it has a very long shelf life, meaning it needs to be refrigerated for a long time before it can be used for anything.
No.

CIA agents are not subject to the same laws as regular police officers. They are not allowed to be arrested without a warrant.
Some programs have to be installed in order for them to work properly. 

For example, if you want to make a program that can be run without installing, you need to make sure that it has the right permissions to do so.

If you don't have the permissions to make it run, then you can't make it work.
The Triple Crown is a big deal because it is the most prestigious of all the sports. It is the only sport that has a chance to be considered the best in the world. 

The NBA, NFL, MLB, and NHL are the three most important sports.  They are all considered the most important because they are the most dominant in their respective sports.

Baseball, Football, Basketball, and Tennis are the other three sports that are considered the top three sports, but they are not as important as the Triple Crown.
If you cut a 1 ft of wood out of it, the cells in the junk are dead. 

But if you cut the 1 ft junk out of the tree, the tree will still be alive.

It's not that the tree is dead, it's just that it's dead.
I think it's because the Algonquin language is a dialect of French. 

The word "Algonquin" means "dirty" in French, so it's a pejorative term.
The front page algorithm works like this:

_URL_0_

When you go to the front page, you see a list of all the pages that have been ranked in the last 6 seconds. If you click on one of them, you get redirected to the next page.

If you go back to the top of the list, you will see the page that has been ranked first, and if you click it, you'll see that it's the first page that was ranked first. If it's second, it's moved to the bottom of the page, and so on until it's
There is no significance to the number 9. It's just a number. 

We stopped using numbers after 9 because we stopped using them for counting. We stopped using symbols for numbers because we didn't know how to use them.
The moon's gravity is stronger than Earth's. 

We can't slingshot around the moon because the moon is at rest relative to the rest of the solar system.  The moon is in a higher orbit than Earth, so it has more angular momentum relative to Earth.
It depends on the amount of solar energy you need to power your house.

If you're in a 3 bedroom house, you'll need to have a lot of solar panels. 

You'll also need a bunch of solar water heaters.  


Solar panels are a great way to heat water, but they require a ton of power to do so.  You'll need a lot more than that.  The amount of power you need depends on how much water you have to heat your house, and how much energy you want to use to heat the water.  If you have a
Aspartame reduces surface tension more than sugar. 

Sugar is a diuretic, which means that it binds to the surface of the food.  Aspartame is an artificial sweetener, so it doesn't bind to the same surface tension as sugar.
Airlines don't set prices in advance, they set them in advance. 

When you buy a ticket, you are agreeing to pay a set price for the flight.  If the price goes up, it's because the airline has to raise the price of the flight to make up the difference between the original price and the new price.
It is illegal to cross the road at an intersection when the pedestrian light is red or if the light is flashing red.

In some countries, it is considered an infraction, but in some jurisdictions it is a misdemeanor or requires a court appearance.
If you fire lasers in the same direction, they will travel at the same speed.

But if you fire them in opposite directions, they'll travel at different speeds.
I think it's because when you get injured, your brain sends signals to your muscles telling them to stop working and let your body heal. 

When you get hurt, your body is trying to get back to normal.  Your brain is telling your muscles to stop doing what they are doing, so they stop working.  This is why you have the urge to shake your hands.
It's not about bullying, it's about bullying. 

People are saying that the new law promotes bullying because it makes it more difficult for people to report bullying.
It's not that everything in the universe wants to spin, it's that the universe seems to want to spin. 

If you look at the universe from a distance, you'll notice that it looks like it's going in the same direction, but it's actually going in a different direction. This is due to the rotation of the universe, which is caused by the gravitational pull of the center of mass (the center of gravity) on the universe.

When you're looking at a galaxy, you can see that it's moving in the direction of the rotation, but you can't see the center
Parrots do not have vocal cords, so they don't have the ability to make sounds, but they do have a trachea, which allows them to breathe through their mouths. 

Parrots are able to mimic human speech because they have a vocal organ called the syrinx, which is similar to the one in your mouth.

They can also mimic the sounds you make when you talk, but it's not as easy as you think.  They have to learn the sounds that you make, and then they have to repeat them back to you.
Circular irises are better at blocking out light from the back of the eye, which is why cats and goats have "slits".
The cost of living has been going up for a long time, but it's not going to stop going up. 

If you're talking about the cost of food, it's going to keep going up, because food is a finite resource, and it's only going to get more finite as the population grows.
There are more commercial airliner crashes than there are passenger planes.

There are a lot of reasons for this, but the most important one is that the number of planes in service is increasing. 

Airlines are getting bigger and bigger, and they are flying more and more routes, which means that they need more planes to be able to carry more passengers.  This means that there are more accidents.
The internet is a network of computers that connect to each other.  

There are different infrastructure standards for infrastructure in different regions.

For example, in the US, there are different standards for fiberoptics (fiberoptics) and radio frequencies (radio frequencies).

In the UK, there is no standard for infrastructure, but there are standards for optical fiber, which is a type of fiberoptic cable that is used to transmit data over the airwaves.
It's called a "lockout". 

When the device tries to enter a PIN, it sends a message to the chip in the card saying "hey, I'm not sure what you're trying to do here, but I don't think I can do this."

The chip in your card reads the message and sends it back to the computer, which then sends it to your computer.

Your computer then tries to read the message back, and if it doesn't get it, it shuts down the chip.
The US is a net importer of oil. 

The US produces more oil than it consumes.

We are also a net exporter of refined petroleum products.
It's not that he couldn't pass any legislation he wanted, it's that he didn't have a supermajority in both houses. 

He had a majority in the House of Representatives, but the Senate was controlled by Republicans, and the Senate is controlled by the Republicans.

The Senate has a filibuster rule, which means that if a bill is filibustered in the Senate, it can't be passed by the House.
Banks don't have to keep money in vaults, they have to hold it in reserve. 

If you want to transfer money out of a vault, you have to go to the Federal Reserve and ask for permission from the Fed to do so.
I think it's because you're still adjusting to the rocking motion of the boat.

When you get out of the ocean, your muscles are used to the constant rocking motion, so you're used to it. 

Once you're back on land, you're not used to that rocking motion anymore, so your muscles don't adjust to it as well.
It was technically possible to have live broadcasts before modern digital cameras. 

Back in the day, people used film cameras to record live broadcasts.  They used film because it was cheap and easy to use.  
 
Modern digital cameras are cheaper and easier to use than film cameras, so they can be used for live broadcasts as well.
It's not a scientific explanation, it's a religious one. 

Wim Hof was a caveman who lived in the Arctic during the coldest time of the last ice age.  He was able to survive in the cold because he had a thick layer of skin that kept him from freezing to death.

He was also able to use his skin as a shield from the cold, which is why he survived.
I'm not sure what you mean by "extreme right wing", but I'm going to try to explain it in a way that makes sense to you.

First of all, I'm not an expert on politics, but I think it's important to understand that there are two kinds of people. 

The extreme right wing are people who believe that the government is too big, too powerful, and too intrusive.  They believe that government should be limited to a limited number of people, and that it should not be allowed to interfere with private property rights.  These people believe that a government should not
Silicon Graphics was a major player in the graphics industry for a very long time, and they still are. 

The problem is that Intel and AMD now have better graphics cards than SGI.
There is nothing you can do to change it. 

The only thing you *can* do is ask your doctor for a rebate.  If you don't want to pay for the drug, you can go to the pharmacy and ask them to give you a discount.
It's not the screen size, it's the number of transistors required to process the information. 

Imagine you have a piece of paper with a bunch of numbers written on it.  If you want to know how many numbers there are on the paper, you need to write them down.  You can do this by looking at the paper and counting how many times it has to be written down.

If you take that paper and write it down, you have to write down the numbers on it, and then write them out to the computer.  This is called "reading" the paper.
I'm not sure what you're talking about. 

There are a lot of different ways that you can understand another language.

One of the most common ways is that you learn a language by listening to it.  If you hear a speaker of another language, and you can't understand it, it's because you don't know enough about the language to be able to understand what they're saying.  For example, if you hear someone say "gavagai" and they don't understand what it means, then you have no idea what they mean.  It's the same reason you
Plastic is made up of a bunch of molecules. 

When you break down a piece of plastic, you break it down into smaller and smaller pieces.  These are called microplastics.

Microplastics are tiny pieces of plastic that can't be broken down by bacteria or other organisms.
The tech bubble was caused by over-exuberance in the stock market. 

In the early 2000s, there was a lot of speculation that the internet was going to be the next big thing.  Many people believed that the Internet would be the future of business, and that everyone would be able to use it to make money.  This was a great time to invest in tech companies, and many people were very excited about how much money they could make.

The problem was that many of these companies didn't have the money to pay back their investors, so they had to sell their stock at a loss.  The stock market crashed, and the value of the tech companies
I think it's because it's the same sound in both languages. 

C and K are two different sounds, but they're both pronounced the same way.

K sounds like a consonant, and C is a vowel, so they sound the same.
You can get waterpoisoning by drinking too much water. 

Your body has a balance of sodium and potassium in your blood.  When you drink a lot of water, your body loses sodium to your kidneys.  Your kidneys have to make sure that your body has enough water to keep up with the amount of sodium in your body.  If you drink too much, your kidneys will stop making enough water, and your body will stop producing enough potassium.  This will cause your body to have too much sodium in the blood, which will cause you to have a high blood pressure.
It could be a combination of factors.

1. The property is not in a good state of repair. 

2. There is a lot of competition for the property, and if it is in a bad state, it will be hard to find a buyer. 


3. If the property is undervalued, the seller will be forced to sell it at a lower price than the market value.  If the price is too high, they will not be able to get a loan to buy the property.  This means that they will have to sell the property at a loss, which means
Hot water bottles contain a lot of water, so it's easier for your body to get rid of the water that's causing the cramps.  

Also, hot water bottles are made of rubber, so they're more durable than regular water bottles.
Myspace was a great idea, but it was too big for its own good. 

It was designed to be a place for people to connect with each other.  It was a place where you could connect with other people who had similar interests.  But it was also too big and too slow to scale.

The problem was that it was designed for teenagers.  They were too young to be able to take advantage of the features that Facebook had, and they were too old to be capable of taking advantage of those features.
The manufacturing cost of a product is determined by the amount of time it takes to produce it. 

When you increase the number of people making a product, you increase its production, which means that the cost of producing that product increases.

If you increase production, you have to increase the size of the factory, which increases the cost per unit of the product.
You can buy stock in the company at any price you want, but you have to pay a premium for the right to do so. In many cases, the company will give you the option to buy shares at a certain price at a future date, which is usually at a discount to the current price. For example, if you have $100 and you want to buy 100 shares of stock, you can buy them at $100 per share. If you have a $100,000 option, the price of the stock is $100.50 per share, so if you pay $100 for 100 shares, you will
They do not have diplomatic immunity.  They are considered persona non grata by their host country, and they are not allowed to enter or leave the country.  If they do not obey the laws of the country they are accredited to, they can be arrested and prosecuted for crimes committed outside of their country.
Browsing is downloading.

When you go to a website, you are downloading the content.  You are not browsing.  If you are browsing on the web, the content is being sent to your computer by the server.  When you go back to the server, the server is sending the content back to you.
It's a day to honor mothers who have done more for you than anyone else in the world. 

It started as a way to recognize the work of Anna Jarvis, a woman who fought for women's suffrage in the Civil War.  She was the founder of the "Society of War Mothers" and wanted to set aside a holiday to honor all mothers because she believed a mother is "the person who has done more to save the lives of women".

In the early 1900s, President Woodrow Wilson signed a proclamation to designate the second Sunday in May as "Mother's Day".
I'm not sure what you mean by "recognize the new "leader", but I think it's more like "recognise the new dog as the leader". 

Dogs are social animals, so they are used to being the "leader" of the pack.  They are also social animals.  When you adopt a new dog, you are introducing them to their new family.  If you have a dog that has been adopted, they will be introduced to the new family, and they will learn to associate with them.  This is the same thing that happens with other dogs.
When you close the app, your phone is doing a lot of things. It's trying to save battery, it's updating the app's code, and it's doing a bunch of other things.

When you leave the app/close your phone, it stops all of those things.
There is no one "master" programming language. 

There are a lot of languages that are good for different things.  For example, C++ is a general purpose language, but it is also very good for scripting.  C# is a scripting language that is good for web development, but is also good for embedded development.

Python is a programming language that can be used for scripting, but can also be used as a general-purpose language, and is very good in embedded development, so it is very popular.  There are also languages like C# and C#++ that are great
They don't. 

They use Ferrocement drains, which are made out of concrete and steel.  They are very strong and can withstand the weight of the rainwater.

The water is collected on the roof and stored in tanks on the top of the building.
If they were found guilty of a crime, they would have to pay a fine and serve time in prison. 

If they did not pay the fine, then they would be released.
It's called candoluminescence. 

When a flame is extremely hot, it releases a lot of energy in the form of heat energy.  This energy is released in free radicals.  Free radicals are molecules that react with each other to form a substance called a free radical.  When the free radicals are released, they emit light, which is what we see as a glow.
It's a tradition. 

_URL_0_
I think it has to do with the fact that when you are in pain, your brain sends a signal to your vocal cords to tell you that something is wrong, and you need to scream.
In video games, there is no such thing as "too much violence" or "too little" violence.

There is, however, a difference between violence and sex. 

Sex and nudity are considered taboo because they are viewed as a violation of the First Amendment.  They are not considered "violent" in the same way that killing people and violence are considered "not violent".

The difference between sex and violence is that sex is viewed as an expression of sexuality, and violence as a display of aggression.  It is not a question of whether it is acceptable or not, it is a
Vinyl records are printed on a sheet of paper. 

The paper is coated with toner, which is a substance that reacts with light to form a substance called toner.  When you press the vinyl, the toner reacts with the paper, creating a thin layer of toner that sticks to the vinyl.  The vinyl is then pressed onto the paper.
Scientology is a religious organization founded by L. Ron Hubbard.  They believe that they are the answer to all your problems.  

They believe that if you don't believe what they say, you will never be able to change your mind.  This is based on Hubbard's belief that you can change the way you think and act based on what they tell you.  It's not a religion, it's a belief system.

Scientology also believes that they can change you if they just give you enough money.  If they don't have enough money, they can't change you.
I think it's because of the way they speak. 

Vin Diesel and Tom Hardy speak in a very low pitched voice, like they're gargling with rocks.

It's because they're not speaking in their natural voice, they're speaking through a microphone.  They're speaking in a way that makes it sound like they are speaking with rocks in their mouths.
A type system defines how a programming language classifies values and expressions into types, how it can manipulate those types and how they interact.

For example, let's say you want to write a program that takes a list of numbers and turns them into an array of integers. 

Let's say that you have a set of integers:

1 = 1

2 = 2

3 = 3

4 = 4

5 = 5

6 = 6

7 = 7

8 = 8

9 = 9

10 = 10

11 =
There are no international laws in place to prevent someone from creating a private military force composed of soldiers of fortune and assorted rednecks in order to fight ISIS or other terrorist groups. 

However, there are laws against the recruitment, use, financing and training of mercenaries.

The UN Convention against the Recruitment, Use, Financing and Training of Mercenaries (Article 44/34) was passed in 1989.  It prohibits the use of mercenaries to fight in any conflict.  The UN also prohibits the recruitment and use of private contractors to fight non-state actors.
The stock market crashed in 2008.

It's a combination of a lot of things. 

1. The stock market is a place where you can buy and sell stocks and bonds, and sell them on the open market.  
2. When the stock market goes down, the value of the underlying assets (stocks, bonds, etc) goes down as well.
3. The value of bonds goes down.
4. The interest rates go up.
5. The price of oil goes up, which causes inflation.
6. When inflation happens, the price of goods and services
They die of starvation, dehydration, lack of food and water. 

In the wild, there are many different causes of death, but the most common are:

1. Dehydration: the animals don't get enough water, so they die of dehydration.

2. Overcrowding: animals are kept in large enclosures, which means that they don't have access to the water they need to survive. 


3. Lack of food: the animal is not getting enough food, so it dies of starvation

4. In captivity, the animals aren't getting enough
The serial numbers are used to identify the denomination of the bill.  

For example, if you have a $100 bill, it has a serial number that says "Series 1".  If you have $100 in Series 2, it says "series 2"

If you have 100 in Series 1, you have "Series 2".

The serial number is used to indicate that the bill was printed in series 1, and that it was issued in series 2.

It is not used for serial numbers on coins.  They don't have serial numbers because they are used for proof of
The US is still the most powerful country in the world, but it's not the only one. Russia and China are the two other major powerhouses. 

Russia and China have been at war with each other for a while now, and the US has been getting more and more involved in it.

China has been trying to expand its influence in the Middle East and North Africa, and Russia is trying to take advantage of it.
When you sleep, your brain has a lot of time to process what you're hearing, so it's not as easy for your brain to process the same sound at the same volume as it is when you're awake.
It's because the computer's hard drive is not designed to be able to hold all the data it needs to boot up.  It's designed to hold data that is stored on the hard drive.  When you boot up your computer, it's trying to find all the files that are stored on your hard drive, and then it tries to load them.  This is called the "bootloader", and it's a process that takes a long time to complete.

The hard drive has a lot of space on it, so it has to store data that needs to be loaded into it.  The hard
Network marketing is not a pyramid scheme.  It's a form of direct selling.  

It's called a Multi-Level Marketing (MLM) because it has multiple levels of salespeople.  The top level is the owner of the company.  They are paid by the company for selling their products and services, but they are not paid for the time they spend selling them.

The bottom level is called the "downline".  This is the salesperson who is paid for their time and effort.  There is no incentive for them to sell their products or services to others.
Menthol, eucalyptus and peppermint are the two main components of mint. 

Bitter mint is sweet because it contains a lot of menthol.

Sweet mint is bitter because of the sugar in the leaves.
The particles are still in your lungs, they're just not being able to get out of your lungs. 

Your lungs are filled with mucous membranes.  When you inhale a lot of dust, the mucous gets trapped in these membranes, and your body tries to get rid of it by producing mucus.  But the mucus is not strong enough to clear out all of the dust, so the particles stay in there.
I think it has something to do with the fact that Rome was founded in the middle of the first century BC, and the Romans were the first rulers of the Roman Empire. 

In the middle ages, Rome was the most powerful empire in the world, and it was the center of the world.

The Romans had a lot of influence on the culture of the region, but they were also the first empire to be conquered by barbarians, and they had to fight them off.
Teachers hate to "teach to the test" because it's a waste of time. It's not that they don't like it, it's just that they're not good at it.
Cloning is considered unethical because it involves the destruction of a human embryo. 

It also raises questions about the dignity of the human person and the equilibrium of life in society.
It's a cultural thing.

American actors are used to speaking English because it's their first language, and it's what they grew up with. 

British actors are also used to American accents because they've grown up with American accents.
It's called subtractive color. 

When you take a picture, you use a camera that records the color of the light coming from the camera, and then you apply a color filter to it.

The color is created by combining the colors of the camera with the colors from the film.
Your phone would work fine in space. 

Your phone is designed to be able to transmit and receive data at the speed of light.

It has a radio transmitter and a transmitter and receiver, and it has a battery. 


The phone has a microUSB port for charging and data transfer, and a microSD card slot for storing data.
We know that there is a lot of matter in the universe, but we don't know how much of it is dark matter. 

We know there is dark energy, which is the stuff that causes galaxies to spin faster than they should, and we know that dark matter is not part of that.

If we were wrong about dark matter, it would make no sense at all. It would just make sense if we didn't know it existed.
Suppression is when you try to control something. 

For example, if you are thinking of something you don't want to do, you may try to suppress it.  You may try not to think of it at all.

Controlling something is the opposite.  When you are controlling something, you are trying to control it.
The Catholic Church teaches that Jesus Christ is the Son of God, and the Holy Spirit is God the Father. 

The Orthodox Church says that Jesus is the Father, the Son, and Holy Spirit.
It is important to Americans, especially conservatives, that a politician is a strong supporter of Israel because Israel is a vital part of the US' foreign policy.  

Israel is an important ally in the Middle East because it is the only country in the region that has a stable democracy.  It is also important to us because we have a lot of influence over the region.  If we don't have a stable ally, we can't influence the decisions of other countries.
Moldy glass is made up of tiny particles of glass that are bonded together by small contact areas. If you put the jar upside down, the air in the jar will not be able to reach those contact areas, so it won't get moldy.
I'm not sure what you mean by "events per second". 

CPU clocks are measured in cycles per second.  They are the number of times the CPU is running at a given clock speed.

A clock is a measure of how fast the processor is running.  It's not a measurement of the amount of time it takes for the CPU to complete a task.  If you want to know how fast a task is running, you need to look at the clock rate of the CPU.  The clock rate is just the clock speed of the processor.  So if the CPU clock is running
It's not the exact same opiate that makes you sick, it's the way it interacts with your body. Opioids have different receptors in different parts of the body. 

When you take an opiate, your body is trying to get rid of it, but your body doesn't know how to do it, so it takes a while for your body to figure it out.

The same thing happens when you take alcohol. Your body has different receptors for alcohol, so the alcohol makes you feel drunk, but the alcohol doesn't have the same effect on your body as the opiate does
No, it's not the same as everyone else's color perception. 

Your eyes are made up of 3 types of cones, Long, Medium, and Short.  Each type of cone has its own color receptors.  If you have two types of cone, you can see red and green, but if you have one type of light receptor, you see blue and green.

If you have three types of light receptors, your eyes can only see red, green, and blue.  You can't see blue, because your eyes are not made of the same type of cones.
Most people don't hang up on telemarketers. 

The reason they do it is because they don't want to pay the phone company for the time it takes them to call you back.

They just want you to hang up so they can make more money.
The flu is caused by a virus called H1N1. It is a virus that is transmitted by coughing or sneezing. 

The flu virus is transmitted through the air, so it can be passed from person to person.

It is a very contagious virus.  If you have the flu, you can get it from other people who have it.  It can also be transmitted through sneezes and coughing.  This is why it is called a pandemic.
Trademarks are protected by the First Amendment, which protects the right to free speech.  Trademarks are not protected by copyright or patent law.  They are protected under common law, which means that they cannot be infringed on.  

If a company is accused of infringing on a trademark, they have to prove that the trademark is being used to describe accurately an aspect of their product or service.  If they can't prove that it is, then they can sue the company for trademark infringement.

In other words, if they can prove that a competitor is infringing on their trademark,
Pigs are omnivores. They eat a lot of different things, and they need to eat them all.

Humans, on the other hand, are carnivores, so they need a lot more calories to maintain their weight. 

Pigs grow from being a tiny piglet to a mature 250-300 pig in 6 months, but it takes some animals (like humans) so much longer to achieve that much growth
Because it's cheaper to fly from South America to Australia than it is to fly to North America.

It's also cheaper to have a hub in the middle of the route, so if you fly from Buenos Aires to Sydney, you don't have to stop in New York.
They don't. 

There are a lot of bacteria in the gut that can cause GERD, but they're not as common as you might think.

In fact, there are many bacteria that don't survive long in the intestines, so it's not uncommon for them to survive for a long time.
The lens is made up of a thin layer of liquid crystal, which is transparent to light.  When you blink, the liquid crystal gets pushed out of the way, causing the lens to flicker.  This is what causes the 3d glasses to blink.
I'm not sure what you mean by "suggest", but I'm assuming you're talking about the "suggest" function on your phone. 

It's a feature of the phone that allows you to send and receive text messages.  It's called a "suggestion" function.  When you type in a text message, it sends the text message to your phone, and when you press a button, it tells your phone to send the message to the recipient.

When you type a word into the search bar, you get a list of all the text messages you've sent or received so far
The first digit of the class number is related to the year of study in which the course is likely to be taken.  

101, 209, etc...

For example:

1 year of English = 1 year

2 years of Math = 2 years

3 years of Science = 3 years


4 years of Social Studies = 4 years

 >  4 years of English

5 years of Psychology

6 years of Spanish

7 years of French

8 years of History

9 years of Art

10 years of Music

11 years of
I think it's because they don't have a favorite song.  They just like the sound of it.
It's not that they don't want to sell live fish, it's that they can't sell them. 

Catfish, lobster, and other crustaceans can be caught by traps, but they're not as easy to catch as they are to eat.  They're usually caught by trawling, which is a lot harder than catching them by catching them in the wild.
The U.S. has a huge trade surplus with China.  It's a huge problem because China is a huge market.  The US has to import a lot of stuff from China to compete with their exports.

The US also has to subsidize their exports to make them more competitive.  China subsidizes their exports because they are a non-market economy.
The stock market has been volatile for a while now. 

In the past, when the stock market was doing well, there was a lot of speculation that the economy was improving, and the stock prices were rising.

This time around, there is a lot less speculation, and a lot more fear.  The stock market is not as stable as it has been in the past.  This is because the economy is slowing down, and there is less demand for stocks.  When the economy slows down, the price of stocks drops, and this causes people to sell their stocks, which causes the market
The US Jury system is based on the Supreme Court's decision in [Burch v. Louisiana](_URL_0_). 

The Supreme Court ruled in Burch that where a jury was made of 6 people, the verdict must be unanimous, so long as the jury is larger than 6 people.

In other words, if a jury is made up of 11 people, they can reach a verdict of 10:1 or 10:2, but they can't reach a unanimous verdict if they are 6 people and the verdict is not unanimous.
It's called a jam shot.  

A jam shot is when you jam a key into a safe.  You use a hammer to crack the door.  The hammer blows air into the safe, which causes it to vibrate.  This causes the door to open.

When the door is open, the air in the safe is blown out of the safe by the hammer, and the air is then blown back in through the door, creating a vacuum.  If you have a strong enough hammer, you can use it to blow the door open.
Plaque is bacteria from food. It's not bacteria from the food, it's bacteria from your body.
The Illuminati were a secret society that existed in the 18th century in Bavaria, Germany. They were accused of being part of the French Revolution, which led to the rise of Napoleon Bonaparte and the end of the monarchy in France.

In the 20th century, the Illuminati were blamed for the rise and fall of the Soviet Union and the fall of communism, which caused a lot of people to believe that the United States was under the control of the Illuminati, and that they were trying to establish a new world order.
The key fob authenticator is a device that uses a special algorithm to generate a list of all the keys you have on your key chain. 

When you press a key on the fob, it tells the computer that it has a certain number of keys on it.

The computer then uses that list of keys to determine which key you have, and if you press the right key, it will tell the computer where the key is. 


If the computer doesn't know which key is the right one, then it will use the computer's algorithm to figure out which one you have.
Microsoft was accused of abusing its monopoly power to stifle competition by bundling the Internet Explorer web browser into its Windows operating system. 

The antitrust suit was brought by the US Department of Justice and the Attorneys General of twenty states (and the District of Columbia) suing Microsoft for illegally thwarting competition in order to protect and extend its software monopoly.
It's not so much that cold water helps, it's that the skin absorbs heat faster than it can release it. 

Your skin is made up of a bunch of tiny little cells that have a lot of heat receptors.  When you get a burn, these cells need to be exposed to a lot more heat than they do when they are at their normal temperature.  So, when you put cold water on the burn, it causes the cells to release heat faster, which causes the skin to be able to release more heat.

When the cells are exposed to too much heat, they start to
I think it has to do with the fact that you're watching TV alone at night.

When you watch TV alone, your ears are used to hearing the sound of your TV, so the louder it gets the louder your TV seems to be.
The answer to your question is that math textbooks have answers in the back of the book.

Science and history books don't have answers because they are written by people who know the answer to the problem. 

Algebra and geometry are written in a way that is easy for students to understand, but not easy for teachers to understand.
Because it's easier to clean and easier to fill. 

It's also easier to get rid of if you're not careful.

_URL_0_
Calories are measured by measuring the amount of CO2 your body produces when you are resting. 

Calories can be measured by either by measuring how much oxygen your body is able to produce, or how much CO2 it can absorb.

When you exercise, your body releases CO2, which is a measure of how much energy your body can produce.  This is measured by using an oscillating U-tube meter, which measures the rate at which your body converts CO2 into oxygen.  The meter measures how long it takes for your body to convert CO2 to oxygen, and how much
Boomerangs don't return to their thrower, they go back to their starting point.

When you throw a boomerang, the air around it is moving, and the air is moving away from you. When you throw it back, it is still moving, but it is not moving as fast as it was before you threw it.
Feminism is a movement that fights for equal treatment of men and women.

Being a feminist is not the same thing as being a "men's rights" or "women's rights".
I think it's because when you switch to full screen mode, you're opening a new window, and it's easier to see what's on the top of the screen when you're in that window.
Headaches are caused by the blood vessels in your head constricting. The blood vessels are connected to the nerves in your brain that sense pain, and when they constrict they cause a headache.
Your eyes move smoothly when focusing on something and moving your head, but not when you keep your head still and solely move your eyes
They are still made. 

The two dollar bill is still in circulation because it costs the government a lot of money to make.  It's the same amount of money as a $1 bill, but it's a lot more expensive to make than a $2 bill.
They don't collide with each other. 

If you look at a flock of hundreds of birds, they are all moving at different speeds.  They are not all moving in the same direction, so they are not going to collide at the same speed.
The milk of a cow, goat, or any other mammal has a lot of fat and protein in it, which makes it a good source of protein and fat for humans. 

Also, the milk of cows and goats has less lactose in it than milk from other mammals, which is why it is more digestible.
When you apply ice to an injury, it causes blood vessels to constrict, restricting the flow of blood to the area.  This causes the area to swell, which causes pain and swelling.  

When the area is cold enough, the blood can't get to the injured area, so it stops being able to flow.
I think it has to do with the size of the file. 

When you're viewing the same image file on multiple devices, the file is stored in different sizes and resolutions.  When you open a new file, it's going to have to be resized to fit the different resolutions and sizes of the devices.

If you open the same file on two different devices, you're going to see the same size and resolution, but if you open it on a different device, you'll see that the file has to be re-sized to fit your device's resolution and size.
It's not love, it's just a game. 

It's like when you play a game with your best friend.  You have a lot of fun with them, but you don't want to hurt them.  It's like a game where you want to make them happy, but they don't really want to be happy with you, so you play with them.

Love is a game, but it's also a game in that it's a game between two people who are best friends.  If you're best friends with someone, you want them to like you, but if you
Quantum Particles Reacting to Observation. 

Imagine you have a piece of paper, and you write down a list of all the things you want to know about the universe.  You write down the list, and then you put it in a book.  Now, when you look at the book, you see that the list of things you wrote down is incomplete.  It doesn't contain all the information you wanted to know, but it does contain all of the information that you need to know.

Now, imagine you have an experiment where you put the paper on a table, and
The IR LEDs in t.v remotes use infrared light to transmit information. 

When you press a button on the remote control, it sends a signal to the IR receiver, which then transmits that signal back to the computer.

The computer then uses that signal to decode the information and send it to you.
Dopamine and serotonin are neurotransmitters that are released by different parts of the brain. 

Serotonin is released by the extracellular serotonin receptors in the brain, dopamine by the norepinephrine receptors, and dopamine is released from the serotonin receptors.

If you have a deficiency in dopamine or serotonin, it is not possible to test for a deficiency.
There are a few ways. 

1) Ballistic Identification Systems (BIS) are used by law enforcement agencies to track down guns that have been used in crimes.  They use the markings on the spent bullet casings of the gun to determine where the gun was fired.  If the markings match the markings of the bullet casing, they can determine that the bullet was fired from a gun that was used in a crime.

2) They can compare the fingerprints of the spent gun casings to the fingerprints on the gun.  This is done by comparing the fingerprints from the gun and the gun cas
We can estimate the number of stars in the Milky Way based on the amount of light coming from them. 

First, we need to know how far away they are from us.  If we know the distance, we can estimate how many stars there are in the galaxy.

If we don't know that, then we can't estimate the distance.  But if we know that they are far away, and we know how long it takes for them to reach us, then it's possible to estimate how far they are.  We can also estimate how long they will take to get to us.
The 9th update is for security updates.  

It's not the 9th, it's the 8th patch.  The 9th patch is a security patch for vulnerabilities that have been discovered in older versions of Windows.  It's a security update to fix vulnerabilities that were not fixed in the 8.1 update.

Microsoft and Apple have been releasing security patches for years, but they don't release them all at the same time.  They release patches for vulnerabilities in different versions of the operating system, and they release them at different times.  When they release a patch, they release
The odds of Leicester winning were determined by multiplying the number of wins by the total number of goals Leicester have scored in the last 12 months. 

The odds were set at 5,000,000 to 1.

If Leicester were to win, they would have to beat Leicester City, and if Leicester City were to lose, they'd have to win by 1,500,000.
They don't. 

The sensors aren't impaired.  They're just not designed to handle extreme weather conditions.  The sensors are designed to detect changes in the road surface and adjust to them.  If they get hit by a rock, they'll be fine.  But if they're hit by ice or snow, they won't be able to do that.
Dyslexia in English is caused by a lack of phonetic knowledge of the language.  Dyslexic in Chinese, Japanese, Korean, and other symbol languages (Chinese and Japanese) is a result of not being able to learn the language well enough to read the symbols. 

In Chinese and Japanese, there are a lot of homophones in the characters.  This means that when you learn to read Chinese characters, you have to learn how to distinguish between the letters and the sounds.  In English, you don't have that problem.
I don't know, but I think it has to do with the fact that when you bite a metal key, your brain interprets it as if it's a sharp object, which is why you get that tingling feeling.
I think it has to do with the fact that when you are standing still, your weight is on one leg, and your weight on the other leg is on the ground. 

When you stand still, the weight of your body is balanced by the weight on your feet.  When you hop, you are balancing on your one leg.  Your weight is not balanced by your feet, but by your pelvis.
It's not that we've all switched from photographing using film to digital photos, it's that the quality of the film has been degraded over time.  

Film is made of silver halide film, which is much more stable than plastic.  The film has a higher density than plastic, which means that it's more sensitive to light.  When you take a photo with a digital camera, you're using a sensor that has a much higher resolution than the film sensor.  This means that you're taking a picture with a higher resolution sensor, but you're also using a much lower resolution sensor
The ridges are the result of the thickness of the shutter and the size of the hole in the door. 

The door is made of wood, and the hole is the exact same size as the gap between the door and the door frame.
It's because he has a very strong sense of humor. 

_URL_0_
When you miss someone, your brain goes into overdrive. 

Your brain is trying to process what is going on in your head.

When you are in love, you have a lot of areas of your brain that are involved in emotional processing.  For example, when you see a picture of your loved one, your amygdala is activated.  This is the part of the brain that is responsible for emotional processing, and it is also the part that makes you feel sad.
Your penis is made up of connective tissues (collagen, elastin), white fat, and the suspensory Cooper's ligaments. When you ejaculate, these connective tissue contract, causing the penis to become soft.
Prism is a type of prism. It is a device that allows you to bend light in such a way that it bends it so that it travels at a different angle from the direction it came from. 

Think of it like this:

Imagine you have a piece of glass with two faces on one side and two on the other. The light from one side of the glass is coming from the other side, and the light from the two faces is coming in from the same direction.

When you look at the light coming from one face, you can see that it's coming from a different
The CO2 scrubbers on planes and balloons are not designed to remove greenhouse gases, they are designed to capture CO2 from the air. 

The problem is that CO2 is a greenhouse gas, and it's not a good idea to put it on a plane or a balloon.

Carbon dioxide is a very stable gas, so it can't be scrubbed out of the air, and if it were, it would cause a lot of damage to the ozone layer, which is an important part of the Earth's ozone layer.
Torture was a big thing in medieval times because it was the only way to get information out of people. It was also a way to coerce them into confessing to a crime they didn't want to commit.
It's not that they don't want to, it's that they're afraid they'll be sued for not wearing a body camera. 

There's a lot of people who don't like the idea of police officers being on camera, but it's not like they're going to be able to prove that they did anything wrong.
You need to have enough food to feed your family for the entire year. 

If you live in the middle of nowhere, you need to be able to grow enough food for your family to eat all year round.
I'm not a DJ, but I can give you a general idea of what they are doing. 

DJs are playing the drums, bass, and other instruments.  They are also using a microphone to speak to the audience, and sometimes they will also use lasers to light up the stage.

They are also mixing the music.  This is done with a computer.  The DJ mixes the music, and then uses a computer to adjust the volume of the music to make it sound more danceable.  If the music is too loud, the DJ will use a speaker to make the music
Yes, it is possible to store a substance with zero heat gain or loss. 

The problem is that we don't know how to measure it.

We don't have any way to measure the amount of energy it takes to store heat, so we can't say for sure. 


We can measure how much energy is stored in a substance, but we can only do so if we know how long it takes for it to heat up, and how much work is required to get it to that point.  


We can do this by measuring the temperature of the substance, and
Time is a dimension of space, just like space is a dimensional dimension of time. 

Space is a 3 dimensional space, time is a 4 dimensional space.

If you look at the universe, you can see it as a 3D space, but you can't see time as a dimension.  You can see space as 3D, but time is 4 dimensional.  If you take a picture of the world, you will see that it is 3D.  But if you take an image of time, it will look like a 4D space.  Time is a spatial dimension, but
Your modem or phone has a hard drive that stores all of your settings, so even when you unplug it, the hard drive will still be able to store them.
Yes, there is a maximum temperature at which the atoms can't move any faster. It's called "absolute zero" and it's the point at which all the particles in a sample of matter cease to move.

Theoretically, it's possible to cool a system to the point where all the atoms stop moving, but it's not practical to do so. 

If you want to get to absolute zero, you need to cool the system down to a temperature where the atoms will stop moving at all. This is called "superconductivity" or "superconductor".

It's
They use mass spectrometry to identify the type of bone. 

Mass Spectrometry measures the amount of oxygen in a sample of bone, and then compares it to other samples of the same species.

The more oxygen in the sample, the more likely it is that it's from a new species.
DirectX and OpenGL are two different things. DirectX is a set of graphics APIs, OpenGL is an open-source graphics API. 

DirectX is a library that allows you to draw 3D objects in 3D space. OpenGL is a graphics API that allows for 3D rendering.

The reason why older GPUs can't run DirectX or OpenGL is because they are not DirectX compatible.  They are OpenGL-compatible, but DirectX is DirectX-compatible.
Sound effects are recorded by the actors themselves.

When they record the sound effects, they are recorded at a very low volume so that they are not obstructed by the sound of the actual filming. 

But when they re-record the audio, they have to increase the volume of the audio to compensate for the difference between the low volume of speech and the high volume of sound effects.
I think it has to do with the fact that we are social animals. We are social creatures, and we need to be able to interact with other humans. 

If you don't have a social circle, you can't interact with people, and if you do, you're not going to get along with them.
IQ tests measure how well you understand the world around you. 

The Stanford-Binet IQ test measures your ability to understand and use language.

It's a measure of how well-informed you are about the world and how much you know about it.
Strawberries do not have seeds on the outside, they have a membrane on the inside that keeps the seeds from sticking out.
If you were sucked into a black hole, you would not be able to move. You would be trapped in space, and you would be unable to breathe. 

The only way to get out of the black hole would be to go through the event horizon, which is a region of space-time that is so dense that not even light can escape.
The "treble" refers to the three major competitions in the world of football, the Champions League, the Europa League, and the Copa Libertadores. 

The Champions League is a competition between the top teams in Europe and the four top teams from the Americas.  It is organized by the Fdration Internationale de Football Association (FIFA), which is the governing body of the sport.  The UEFA Champions League (UEFA) is the competition that determines the best team in Europe, and is the basis for the World Cup.

In order to win the Champions
They don't get sad.  They are used to having their eggs taken away.  It's just a way for the farmer to get rid of unwanted hens.
MIDI is a way for computers to communicate with each other. 

Imagine you have a piece of paper on a table.  You can write down the number of notes you want to play.  If you write it down, you can see where each note is on the paper.  But you can't see where the notes are.  So you write them down, but you don't know where they are.

If you write down how many notes are in the paper, and how long it takes for each note to reach the table, then you know where the next note is.
HDMI has a few advantages over DisplayPort, such as ability to carry Consumer Electronics Control (CEC) signals, and electrical compatibility with DVI (though practically limited to single-link DVI rates).

The other advantage is that HDMI can sustain full bandwidth for up to 10 meters of cable length and there are certification programs to ensure this; DisplayPort cables, conversely, don't ensure full bandwidth beyond 3 meters at certain resolutions, and specialist optical extender solutions exists to extend distances even farther.
We can see details of far-away galaxies when we are collecting photons from only a few individual stars. 

We can't see detail of galaxies because they are too far away to be visible.
Halloween, Thanksgiving, Christmas, and New Year's Day are all part of the same month.  

The reason they are all at the end of the month is because it's the last day of the school year, and the first day of school.
Aluminum is produced by smelting bauxite, which is a type of rock that has a high amount of iron oxide in it. 

The process is called the Bayer process.

First, the raw material has to be extracted from the ground, then it has to undergo a process called pyrolysis, which converts it into aluminum. 


This process is very hot and requires a lot of energy, and it takes a long time for the aluminum to cool down.  After it cools down, it is melted down again, and then it is poured into an ingot
Iraq is currently in the middle of a civil war. 

There are a lot of different groups fighting for control of the country, but the main focus is on the city of Mosul, which is the largest city in the country.

In the past, the government of Iraq was controlled by Saddam Hussein, who was the leader of the Ba'ath Party.  He was a dictator, and the US invaded Iraq in order to remove him from power.  After he was removed from power, he was replaced by his brother-in-law, Muqtada al-Sadr, who is a
The Glasgow scale is used to assess the cognitive ability of people with dementia, Alzheimer's, or other degenerative and mental health problems. 

The Glasgow Outcome Scale (GOS) is a scale used to measure the general functional changes of the patient throughout the course of recovery.

It is a very simple scale that is used by a lot of people who are dealing with dementia or mental health issues.  It is designed to measure how much the person is able to communicate, communicate with others, and communicate with the outside world.  The GOS is used in a number of different ways.
You don't need drivers for mouse and keyboard drivers. 

Windows has a set of drivers that are built into the operating system, and they are written by the manufacturer of the hardware, not by the OS itself.

When you install a new version of Windows, you need to write a new driver for that hardware, and it is written by Microsoft, not the manufacturer.
They are timed and based on pressure. 

The pressure of the road is measured by a sensor in the ground.  When you stop at a stop light, the sensor tells the computer that there is a car in front of you.  The computer then sends a signal to the traffic control system that says "hey, there's a car ahead of you, you need to slow down".

When the computer sees that the car ahead is slowing down, it sends a second signal telling the car behind you to stop.

If the car is moving too fast, the computer sends a third signal telling
If you were standing at the north or south pole, you would have to walk in a straight line for a very long time to reach the other side of the equator. 

If you stood at the south pole and walked in a perfectly straight line, it would take a long time for you to get back to where you started.
Because it's the name of the team's stadium, not the city they play in. 

The 49ers are based in San Francisco, but play in Santa Clara, which is 40 miles away.
We do it for the same reason we do anything else: to raise awareness. 

We don't do it to make money, we do it because it makes us feel good.
Allergies are caused by your immune system. 

Allergy is caused by a chemical called histamine, which is produced by your body's immune system as part of an immune response.

When you eat peanuts, your body releases histamine and other chemicals that cause your body to release histamine. These chemicals cause many of the symptoms we associate with allergy, such as airway constriction in asthma, increased mucus secretion in your lungs, increased blood pressure in your chest, and increased blood flow to your extremities.
Putin is not a communist in any way. He is a member of the Communist Party of Russia, but he is also part of the United Russia party, which is a political party. 

He is the leader of the Russian Communist Party, and he is very close to the leadership of the party.
Your skin is made up of cells called epithelial cells. These cells are called keratinocytes, and they are responsible for protecting your skin from UV light.

When you get a cut, the cells that make up your skin need to migrate out of the wound and into the surrounding tissue to repair the damage.
The price of gold is determined by supply and demand. 

Gold is used as a store of value because it is a safe haven for people who want to store their money in it.

The price fluctuates because the dollar is the global currency of the world and there is currently no other good alternative. If the dollar were to collapse, then gold would become the new unit of world money.
When you observe a particle, you are seeing it in a different way than when you are observing it. 

Imagine that you are looking at a piece of paper.  You see it as a sheet of paper, and when you look at it again, you see that it has a different shape.  When you see it in the first time, it looks like it is the same shape as it did when you first saw it.

But when you observe it, you can see that the shape of the paper has changed.  It looks like the paper is different than it did before you saw it
You can take the car home, pay off the loan, and then have the bank decide not to finance the car.
Floaters are caused by the vitreous humour in your eye swelling up. The fluid in your eyes is made up of a bunch of tiny little balls of water droplets. When you blink, the droplets fall out of your eye, but when you blink again, they come back in.
It's not a r/videos question, it's a question about a video.

_URL_0_
It is a political party.  It is the political party of the Social Democrats (SPD).  They are the ruling party in Germany.  They have a majority in the German parliament, and they are the party of government.  

The party has a lot of power in Germany, but they are not the only party that has power.  The CDU (CDU) and the FDP (FDP) are the other two major parties.  There is also the Green Party (Greens), which is the party that is the main opposition party in the Federal Republic of Germany.
It's because alphanumeric characters are easier for computers to read. 

When you type in your name, your computer knows that it's a number, and it knows that you're typing it as a character.

But when you type out your email address, it doesn't know that it is a character, so it can't read it as an actual number.
REM sleep is when your brain is most active. This means that your body is producing a lot of chemicals that make you sleepy. These chemicals are called melatonin and histamine. When you go to sleep, your body releases melatonin, which makes you sleepy, and when you wake up, you release histamine, which causes you to be awake.

REM sleep occurs when the melatonin levels in your body are low, and your body produces histamine and norepinephrine, which cause you to wake up and have dreams.
I've had dreams where I've had sex before I've ever had sex in real life and it felt almost identical. 

I'm not sure if it's possible to have such vivid dreams of an experience you didn't have before?
It's called "ego death" and it's caused by the loss of your sense of self. 

When you go through ego death on psychedelics, you lose all reference points in your mind.  You lose all sense of reality.  There are no thoughts, no feelings, no memories, no emotions, no thoughts.  Your mind is completely empty.  It's like you have no idea where you are or what you are doing.

You're not alone in this.  Many people have gone through it.  Some people have had it happen to them as well.
A hard drive is a piece of magnetic tape. 

It's a disk that's made up of a bunch of tiny holes, each of which contains a bit of information.  The holes are arranged in such a way that when you write something on the disk, the computer knows where to look for it.  It's like a magnet.  When you write a byte, it's written on the bottom of the disk.

When you read something, you write it to the top of the drive.  If you read it, you see that it's on the top, and if you write
When you put ice cream in the freezer, you're freezing it at a lower temperature than it is when you put it in the fridge. 

When it thaws, the ice cream is still frozen, but the temperature of the ice is lower than it was when it was frozen.
IPv6 is the successor to IPv4. 

IPv4 addresses are in the range 0 to 255, which is the same as IPv4 addresses.  IPv6 addresses are 32 bits long, which means that they can be used as subnetting addresses.

The problem with IPv6 is that it takes up a lot more space than IPv4, so it's not practical to add an octect in front of an IPv6 address.  If you want to connect to the internet, you need to use a subnet with a large number of addresses, so you need a way to
The electoral college is not a bad thing.  It's a way to ensure that the winner of the popular vote is decided by a majority of the votes cast.  

If the electoral college were to be changed, it would mean that the outcome of the election would be decided by the Electoral College, which is not the way the system was designed to work.
It's called onomatopoeia. 

It's just a way for different languages to communicate with each other.

For example, the sound of a rooster's crowing is a combination of two different sounds.  It's the same sound in English, French, Spanish, and Portuguese, but it's pronounced differently in each of those languages.  The reason it's not universally the same is because different languages have different ways of pronouncing the sound.
It's not about the money.  It's about the people who work there.  They are the people that make the company what it is.  If you want to make money, you have to make sure that your employees are doing a good job.  You have to ensure that your products and services are good enough to satisfy your customers.  

Value is the ability of your employees to do their jobs well.  For example, if you have a great team of people, you can make a lot of money, but if you don't have a good team, you won't be able to
It's called the [Magnus effect](_URL_0_) and it's caused by the fact that when you're drunk, your brain interprets your senses as being out of control. When you're not drunk, you don't have this problem, but when you are, you do.
Static fire is when the first stage of the rocket is ignited, but the second stage is not. 

The first stage is the main engine.  It is the one that starts the rocket up.  The second stage, the oxidizer, is the rocket's secondary engine.

When the rocket first starts up, it has a bunch of tubes sticking out of it.  These tubes are filled with liquid hydrogen and liquid oxygen.  When the liquid oxygen is released, it pushes the liquid hydrogen out of the tube.  This pushes the hydrogen back into the tube, causing it to expand.
I'm not sure what you mean by "attractive" or "unattractive".

I think it has to do with the fact that we are attracted to people who are physically attractive, even if they are in healthy condition. 

If you look at a picture of a beautiful woman, you will notice that she has a lot of curves, but she also has a very high waist-to-hip ratio, which is a sign that she is obese.

When you see someone with obesity, it's not because they are physically unattractive. It's because they have a very low waist
Comic Sans is a font that was created by a comic book artist. It was originally used by DC Comics and Marvel Comics, and was popularized by the Walt Disney Company. 

It was designed to be easy to use and easy to read, but it has a tendency to be too formal and formal.

When you use it for writing, it can be hard to read because it's too formal. It can also be difficult to write in because it has too many letters.
The stock market is not a pyramid scheme.

It is a pyramid, but not a Ponzi scheme.
Because it's a safety thing.

In the US, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) required speedometers to have special emphasis on 55 mph and display no more than a maximum speed of 85 mph. 

The reason for this is because it's easier for a driver to be aware of the speedometer reading higher than the actual speed limit.
No. 

Your ISP can't sell your search history.

They can track your IP address, but they can't track your location.
The snake was probably able to get into the tree because it is very dense and has a lot of roots. 

The tree is very hard to climb, so the snake was able to find a way to get up.
Arthritis is caused by inflammation in the joints. 

When it rains or storms, the pressure changes in the air around the joints cause them to ache.
The boiling point of water is 100C or 212F but is lower with the decreased atmospheric pressure found at higher altitudes.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it has something to do with the fact that when you buy an item, you're buying it with in-game currency.

When you buy a loot box, you get a small amount of currency in exchange for the item, which you then use to buy other items in the game. This currency is then used to buy in game items, which are then sold to other players. 

If you don't have the currency in your inventory, you can't buy the item in the loot box.
They don't physically buy it and then upload it. 

They buy it from someone who has access to it, and then they use a torrent client to serve it to people who have access to the torrent server.
The wider the wheel, the more traction it will have.

The narrower the tire, the less traction it has.
There are a lot of factors that go into it, but the most important one is the amount of time it takes for your body to build up the muscle.

When you train for an exercise, your body is trying to get rid of the excess energy it has stored in your muscles, so it needs to replenish them with more energy. 

If you train hard enough, you will eventually reach the point where your muscles can no longer produce enough energy to perform the task.  This is called the "maximal force limit" and it is the point at which your body will no longer be able
I think it has something to do with the fact that big dogs are used to being chased by small dogs, and they are afraid of them. 

I'm not sure if it's because they're afraid of small dogs because they don't have the same sense of smell as big dogs, or because they are scared of them because they aren't as big as they think they are.
Airlines don't get away with not refunding you ticket money if you end up not being able to travel (i.e. don't receive goods you pay for)?
The Warsaw Pact was a military alliance between the United States, the UK, France, Germany, Italy, and the Netherlands. It was formed in order to provide a blanket of security for Western European nations, Canada and the United Kingdom against the Soviet Union. 

It was a counter to the North Atlantic Treaty, which was a treaty between the US and the USSR that was signed after World War II.

After the end of the Cold War, the USSR tried to expand its influence in Eastern Europe. The US, France and the UK wanted to prevent this. They formed the Warsaw Pact as a counter-
Hair follicles are made up of proteins called keratin. When you remove the hair, the keratin is broken down, and the hair follicles start to grow back. 

When you remove hair, you're also removing a lot of the proteins that hold the hair together, which is why it feels thicker.
They don't. They don't have the money to pay the kidnappers.

They have the means to hire a private security company to protect them, and they have the resources to hire private security companies to protect their family members.
It's because water has a high surface tension. 

When water touches something, it breaks down the surface tension of the object, which makes it easier for the water to get through.

This means that the water is able to break down the molecules that make up the object into smaller and smaller molecules, which can then be broken down into smaller molecules which can be used by the bacteria and other microorganisms.
You have to work all that muscle back. 

Your body is made up of a bunch of different muscle groups.  Your abs are made of a lot of different types of muscle groups, but they are all connected to each other.

When you get pregnant, your body is trying to get rid of some of the excess weight that is stored in your abdominal muscles.  This is called prolapse.  When you are pregnant, the uterus is expanding, which means that the muscles that are used to support the uterus are being used to help support the fetus.  These muscles are called ligaments.
Tattoo artists can't sue a company for using their work. 

They can sue the artist for copyright infringement, but that's not what they're suing for.  They're suing the tattoo artist for defamation.

The tattoo artist is suing the artist, not the game company.
Fruitflies are attracted to the smell of the fruit.  They are attracted by the scent of the fruits.  The smell is what attracts them to the fruit, not the fruit itself.  If you don't have the smell, they won't find it.
I think it's because you're walking on the wrong side of the escalator. 

If you're on the left side, you can't see the other side, but if you're standing on the right side, it's easier to see.
When the lid is removed, the liquid is exposed to the cold air, which causes it to freeze. 

When you open the lid, the water in the bottle is still a liquid, but the liquid inside is frozen.
Gradients and curls in vector calculus are two different things. 

In vector calculus, you can think of a vector as a series of lines.  If you have a vector f(x,y) and a curve C(x), you can calculate the area of the "curtain" created when the two vectors intersect.

A gradient is the difference between two vectors, and a curl is a change in the direction of the vector.  
 
The difference between gradient and curl is that gradient is a measure of how far you have to go in order to get the same result.
The economy is not "bad" in the sense that it is "so bad". It is bad because there is a lot of money in the world, but it is not so bad because the world is so bad. 

The world is in a state of depression, and the US is in the middle of a depression.

There are many reasons for this, but the main one is that the US government has not done enough to stimulate the economy.  The US government is not spending enough to keep up with the demand, so the economy is slowing down.  This is not good for the US
Deep Throat was the nickname given to Bob Woodward, the journalist who broke the story of the Watergate break-in.  He was the guy who broke into the president's office and took notes of everything he said.

He was also the guy that broke the seal of silence about what was going on in the White House.  

Woodward's book, In Nixon's Web: A Year in the Crosshairs of Watergate, was based on his interviews with people who were involved in the Watergate scandal.  The book was written by Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein, who were the two people who
It's a combination of things.

1. Genetics

2. Exercise

3. Eating disorders

4. Lack of nutrients

5. Poor diet

6. Weight gain/loss

I'm not sure about the last one, but I think it has something to do with the fact that people who are obese tend to eat a lot more than people who aren't obese. 

If you're obese, you're eating a lot of calories, but you're not getting enough nutrients to maintain your weight. If you're underweight, you are eating less calories than you
Right-wing and left-wing are two different things. 

The term "right-wing" comes from the French Revolution, when those members of the National Assembly who supported the monarchy, aristocratic privilege and the Church sat on the left and supporters of the common people and a secular society and a strong executive sat in the right.

In the United States, the term "left wing" is used to refer to those who believe in limited government and limited government, and "right wing" refers to people who believe that the government should be limited and limited, and that the people should be free to
It depends on the type of camouflage. 

Dazzle camouflage is a form of camouflage in which a ship is painted in one or more colors in order to obscure or confuse an enemy's visual observation of the ship.

It works by creating a magnetic field around the ship, which causes the ship to appear smaller and slower than it actually is.  This causes the enemy to misidentify the ship as a merchant ship, and so they fire at it, which makes it harder for them to see the ship and therefore harder to shoot at. 


Breathing in and out of the
Thaksin Thaksin is the current Prime Minister of Thailand.  He is the son of the former Prime Minister, and is the leader of the PAD (People's Party for Democracy and Reform).  The PAD is the main political party of the ruling party, the Thai Raksa Chart Party.

The PAD has been in power for the past 10 years, and has been accused of corruption and mismanagement of the economy.  

Yingluck Shinawatra, the current PM, is a member of the Thai Rak Thai Party (TPP), which is the ruling
The method does not control area at infinitesimal scales or even within those regions.

It does control area, but it doesn't control the size of the area at all.
DirectX is a set of APIs that allow you to draw 3D objects on your computer. OpenGL is an open source graphics API that allows you to do the same thing.

DirectX lets you draw objects in 3D. OpenGL lets you render them in OpenGL.
The NFL is not subject to antitrust laws.

It is subject to the Clayton Act, which allows private parties to seek damages from unfair business practices, against the NFL, all its member franchises, commissioner Bert Bell, the commissioner, and its commissioner at the time, J.P. Morgan. 

The NFL has a collective bargaining agreement with the players, and the players are not allowed to sue the NFL.  They can sue the owners of the teams, but they can't sue the players themselves.
We don't notice it because we are used to seeing rubber on the road. It's not that we don't see it, it's just that we're used to not noticing it.
Airlines overbook because they want to make sure they have enough seats for the flight. 

If they don't have enough people to fill the seats, they will have to cancel the flight, which means they will lose money.

They also want to get as many people on the flight as they can.
It's not that we can't cure cancer, it's that we don't know how to. 

We know that cancer is caused by a number of things, but not all of them are controllable.

For example, we know that some cancers are caused by mutations in the genes that cause them to grow, but we dont know what causes those mutations to grow. We also know that certain types of cancer can be caused by genetic mutations, but its not known what causes these mutations.
I think it has something to do with skin tone. 

When we first evolved, we lived in the tropics, where we were exposed to a lot of heat and sun. Our skin was darker than it is now, so we developed darker skin to protect us from the sun.

We also evolved to be able to survive in the cold, which is why we have darker skin than we do now.
Because you're not in a situation where you need to shoot as soon as possible.

If you're in an open field, you can't. You need to wait until the other guy gives up his weapon, and if he doesn't, you're out of luck.
The economy is by almost every metric better than it was when Bush left office. 

Obama has been bad for the economy because he has cut taxes, cut spending, and raised taxes.

Bush was bad because he cut taxes and cut spending.  Obama has done the opposite.  He has increased spending and cut taxes.
Your eyes are made up of cells called photoreceptors. These cells are called rods and cones. When you're wearing a dark colored shirt, your eyes are exposed to a lot of light, which causes them to change color.

When you're not wearing dark colored clothing, they're exposed to less light, so they're not exposed to as much light.
First past the post is a voting system where the candidate with the most votes wins by a plurality of votes. 

In other voting systems, such as proportional representation, each party wins a number of seats proportional to the number of votes it receives.

So if the party with the least votes wins the most seats, they get to keep their seat, but if they get the second most votes, they lose their seat to the party that got the most. 


In the first round, the candidates with the fewest votes are eliminated, and the votes are transferred to the voters next preferred candidate until
It's a marketing ploy to get people to spend more money during the holiday season.

Malls have to sell as much as they can during the fall and winter months, so they want to get as many people in as possible to spend money during that time.
It's not a taste, it's a chemical reaction.

Capsaicin is an irritant that activates the nerve cells in your tongue that sense heat. When you eat spicy foods, it activates the same nerve cells that sense cold, so your tongue gets a burning sensation.
I think it has to do with the shape of the core of the pencil.

Black colored pencils are made of graphite, which has a hard core. 

The hard core of a white colored pencil is made of a softer, waxy core, which makes it easier to grip and easier to write on.
Your body reacts when you eat too much. 

Your body releases leptin, which is a hormone that tells your brain that you are full.  When you lose weight, your body releases insulin, which tells your body that you need to eat more calories to maintain your weight.

When you gain weight, it's because your body is trying to get rid of the excess calories it has stored in your fat cells.  Your body doesn't want to use up as much energy as it needs, so it tries to use as little as possible.  This is why it's easier to lose weight when you
Derivative is the difference between a normal derivative and deriving on a particular point of a function
I think it has to do with the fact that we are used to seeing the world at night, and we have evolved to be able to see in the dark. 

Nocturnal animals have to rely on their eyes to see, and their eyesight is not as good as our eyesight.
Some people believe that certain minerals and rocks give them specific health benefits. 

Some people don't believe that they do.

They believe they do, but they don't know enough about it to be able to prove it.
I think it has to do with the short distance between your mouth and your nose.

Your mouth has a very short distance to go from food to your nose, so it's easier for bacteria to get into your mouth than your nose is to get out of your mouth.
It depends on the language. 

In the case of Russia, the Russian language is the official language of the entire country, but there are a lot of other languages spoken in different regions of Russia.

For example, in Ukraine, there are many different languages spoken by different ethnic groups in different parts of the country, so it's not really a matter of speaking the same language.
A quantum computer is a computer that has a bunch of qubits that are in a superposition of "not running" and "running" states by means such as the Quantum Zeno Effect. 

Imagine you have a piece of paper, and you want to write something on it.  You can write it down, but you can't write it in a way that is consistent with the laws of quantum mechanics.  So you write it out, and then you put it into a computer.  The computer can read it, but it can't read it in the same way as a classical computer.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it has to do with the amount of time it takes for the drug to get into your bloodstream.

When you take a large dose of heroin, it takes a lot of time for your body to get used to it, so it takes time for it to get to your brain. 

If you take the same amount of heroin every time you take it, it will take a long time for you to become addicted to it.  If you don't take it every time, you won't be able to get addicted to heroin.
I don't think you should worry about it. 

It's not that they're collecting your data for nefarious purposes.  It's that they are collecting it for marketing purposes.

If you have a Google account, they can use your location data to show up in your search results.  They can also use it to show you ads.  If you don't have a google account, then they can't use it for that purpose.
It's a safety precaution.

When a ship is being built, it's not safe for it to be anchored in a place where it's going to sink.  It's safer for the crew to be thrown into the ocean, and for the ship to be towed away from the dock.  

If the ship is anchored in the wrong place, it will sink, and if it's in the right place, the crew will be able to be rescued.
The Syrian Civil War is a civil war between the government and the rebels. 

The Syrian government is led by Bashar al-Assad, who is a member of the Alawite sect.

There was a revolution in the Arab world in 2011, which led to the overthrow of the Assad regime.  The uprising was led by a group of young people who were protesting against the Assad's rule.  They were protesting in the streets of the city of Homs, which is in the north-west of the country.  In response to the uprising, the Syrian government responded by sending in the Syrian army
Homeopathy is not a "viable" treatment, it is a placebo. 

It's not a cure, it's just a way to get people to believe that it works.

Homeopathy has been around for a long time, but it's only recently that it's become a viable treatment because it's been shown to be effective.
I think it has to do with the fact that repetitive use of other muscles makes them stronger.

When you type, you're using muscles that are used to control the movement of your fingers. 

If you use the same muscles for a long period of time, they will wear out, and you will need to use other muscles to replace them. If you do the same thing over and over again, you will wear them out.
Racism is a systematized form of oppression. 

In the United States, there are two main forms of racism: state-sponsored racism and non-state-sponsored.

State-sponsored is when a group of people are in a situation where they are being oppressed by another group because they are a minority, and they are not being treated fairly by the majority group. This is called "white privilege" or "black privilege".

Non-state racism is when the minority group is oppressed by a majority group, and is not treated fairly. This includes people of different races who are
Electrostatic discharge is caused by the conductivity of metal. 

Electromagnetism is a phenomenon that occurs when electricity is constantly flowing through a wire.  When electricity is flowing through the wire, it causes the metal to conduct electricity.  This causes the wire to become dielectric, which means that it is more conductive than the metal it is connected to.
Basically, the government subsidizes the price of corn so that it can be used to make ethanol, which is used as a biofuel.

Ethanol is made from corn kernels, which are subsidized by the government. 

The price of ethanol is determined by the amount of corn that can be produced in the United States, and the amount that is sold to other countries.
A warrant is a written order from a government official to a person or entity to pay them money. 

In the US, a warrant is issued by the state or local government.  It's usually for payroll, but can be issued for payroll to individual employees, accounts payable to vendors, to local governments receiving tax refunds, to recipients of unemployment benefits, and to owners of unclaimed money.
I think it's a defense mechanism. When you're young, you learn to hold your head up high when something unexpected happens. It's instinctual.
The US women's national team is the most successful in the history of the Women's World Cup, having won four titles, earning second place once and third place three times.

The US men's team has been playing in the World Cup for a long time, but the US women have only been playing it for a few years. 

It's not that they're not good, it's that they don't have the same amount of exposure as the men.  The US men play in the Olympics every four years, and the US Women's team plays in every other four years.
It's a combination of things. 

1. The fire is very hot, and the wind is very strong.

2. There is a lot of fuel in the forest, and it's very flammable. 


3. It's very difficult to fight a fire in the middle of the forest because the ground is very dry, so the fire can't spread as far as it would if it burned in the understory.


4. The forest is very dense, so it's hard to fight the fire from the ground, so you have to fight it from the top down
The Constitution gives the president broad authority to make executive orders, but Congress has the power to write laws that limit the power of the president to do certain things. 

An executive order is a directive to the executive branch of the government to do something.  It can be written by the president, it can be issued by the secretary of the treasury, or it can come from the attorney general.
Lumen is the amount of light emitted by a light bulb.

Watt is how much energy it takes to make one watt of light. 

Lumens are how much light is shed in a given amount of time.
If you're looking for a new car, you should go to a used car dealership.  

There are a lot of different types of used car dealerships in your area.  You can find them on carfinder.com.  If you're not sure which one you want to go to, you can go to the local car lot.  They will have a list of used cars for you to look at.

If you don't know where to go, you could go to [this website](_URL_0_).  It has a lot more information on the car you're
Fossil fuels are more environmentally viable than electric cars.

Electric cars are powered by batteries, which are much more efficient than internal combustion engines. 

They are also more environmentally friendly because they don't require as much energy to run.  
 
The cost of batteries is much lower than the cost of fossil fuels, so they are more cost effective.
I think it has to do with the fact that alcohol is a social lubricant. 

When you drink alcohol, you're socializing with other people.  You're drinking because it's socially acceptable.  If you don't drink because you're drunk, then you're not socializing at all.

If you drink because it is socially acceptable, then it's not socially acceptable to drink.
It's not that they're expensive, it's that they have to hire the right people to narrate them.

A lot of audiobooks are written and recorded by people who know how to do it, and they are paid a lot of money to do so. 

It's also not that people don't want to listen to them, they just don't have the money to pay for it.
It's because of the size of the chip. 

The 8bit chip is a lot smaller than the 16bit chip, so it takes up a lot more space.

It's also a lot harder to write music in 8bit than in 16bit, so you have to write a lot of code to make it work.
It's not that education is free, it's that the government has to pay for it.  

There are a lot of people who want to go to college, but they can't afford it because they don't have enough money to pay the tuition.  They also don't want to take out student loans because they know that they will pay interest on them, and they're not going to be able to pay it off.
A boomerang has two wings, one on each side of the stick. When you throw it, you are pushing air out of one wing, and the other on the other. 

When you throw the stick, the air is pushing out of the other wing, which causes the two wings to rotate. This causes the stick to spin, which is why it looks like it's falling in a spiral.

If you throw a Frisbee in the opposite direction, you're pushing it in the direction of the ground, which makes it appear to fall in a straight line, but it's actually
Bacteria don't have the ability to break down antimicrobials, so they don't develop resistance to them. 

Antibiotics work by binding to the DNA of the bacteria, and breaking it down into smaller molecules that can be absorbed by the bacteria.

When you take a drug, it breaks down the DNA in the bacteria into small molecules that the bacteria can't break down, and those small molecules are then released into the bloodstream, where they can be broken down by the immune system, which is what makes them resistant to the drug.
Airfare goes up as the date of the journey nears because airlines have to sell more tickets.  They have to make more money, so they have to raise the price.
Caucasians seem to get more variation in eye color (blue/green/black/brown), and darker skinned people tend to have mostly black and brown and barely green or blue.
It depends on what you mean by "quantum" and "newtonian".

Newtonian physics is a macroscopic theory. It describes the universe in terms of waves. 

Quantum mechanics is a quantum theory of the universe.  It describes everything in a quantum form.

The difference between quantum and Newtonian physics can be seen in the fact that quantum particles have a higher energy than Newtonian particles.  This means that they have higher mass and higher energy, but they also have higher energy.  So, if you have a particle with a mass of 10,000
Dogs don't like to sleep on the floor. They like to be on their own. 

Cats, on the other hand, like dogs, like to have their own space.
It's called vestibular motion sickness, and it's caused by a mismatch between your eyes and your inner ear. Your inner ear is responsible for balance, the eyes for vision. When you look down at your phone or book, your eyes are telling your brain that the car is moving, but your vestibule is telling your body that it's not.

Your brain interprets this mismatch as nausea and vomiting.
Your eyebrow hair is a stem cell.  When you shave it, it knows it's been shaved.  It sends a signal to your skin that tells it that it needs to stop growing.
They are stabbed in the back, usually in the heart. 

In the movies, the executioner will use a knife to stab the victim in the chest to stop the heart from pumping out of the wound.

If the victim is wearing a hood, they will use the hood to stanch the blood flow.
Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band is an album of songs written by a group of people who are in love with each other. The songs are written in such a way that they speak to the emotions of the people in the band. 

It's a great album because it's a collection of songs that are written by people who love each other, but are also written in a way so that they are written for the people who listen to them.
I think it's because it's easier to sort by "controversial" than by "popular". 

If you look at the top of the list, you'll see that there are a lot of things that are considered controversial, but not all of them are controversial.

For example, if you're looking at a list of the most controversial things on the internet, there are probably a lot more things on there than there are controversial things, so you'll find more controversial things than controversial things.
It depends on the type of material. 

Water resistant materials are made up of a lot of different materials, and they all have different properties.

For example, if you have a watch that is water resistant at 30m, it will not be able to withstand the shock of being submerged in 30m of water, but if you put it in a swimming pool, it can withstand being submerged for a long time.
It's called a sympathetic nervous system tingling. It's caused by the nerves in your chest and stomach feeling like they are being squeezed. 

When you get a bad news, your body sends signals to your brain telling it that something is wrong, and your brain interprets that as a signal to your heart to pump more blood to your chest. This causes your heart rate to rise and your blood pressure to drop, which causes you to feel like you're going to pass out.
Humans are not a single species, we are a species complex. 

There are a lot of different species that are related to each other, but humans are the most closely related to all of them.

The reason we have multiple species and breeds is because we evolved to be omnivores, which means that we are able to breed with other animals, and we can breed with them in a way that other animals can't.
The volume in movies is set so that the audience can hear the dialogue. The volume in action scenes is set to make the audience feel like they are experiencing the action.
A professional is someone who has the ability to perform a specific job. 

For example, if you are a doctor, you have to be able to do a certain amount of physical and mental work.

If you are an engineer, you need to know how to do certain things, and have the knowledge to do those things.
Elevators have an "up" and "down" call button because it's easier for the operator to know which floor to go to. 

If you can choose any floor inside the elevator, it would be a pain in the ass to have to stop at every single floor.
It's easier to land on a ship than on land.

It's also cheaper to land the Falcon 9 on the ship, and it's easier for the crew to take off and land.
I think it has to do with the amount of time it takes for your body to heal from an injury. 

When you get a cut, your body has a lot of nerve endings in your skin that send signals to your brain telling it that something is wrong, and it takes a while for your brain to process that information.
They don't have to.  

They have to do it because they can.  If they didn't, they wouldn't be able to afford it.

If they don't want to, they can't.
Your body temperature is set by the hypothalamus, a region of the brain responsible for regulating your body's temperature. The hypothalamus sends out nerve impulses, activating the vasodilation, vasoconstriction and/or sweating when your skin temperature is above or below the set point. 

When your body temperature reaches 36C, your blood vessels start to constrict, which causes your body to lose heat. This causes you to start sweating.
It's not conspiracy theory, it's just that the federal government doesn't have the resources to enforce it. 

The federal government has a lot of money to spend on drug enforcement, so they don't want to spend it on marijuana.
I'm not sure what you're talking about. 

There are different types of insecticides for different species of insects.

For example, if you want to kill wasps, you need to use a chemical that kills wasps.  But if you wanted to kill ants, you'd have to use one that kills ants.  So you have to make sure that the chemical you're using doesn't kill ants.
There are a lot of things stopping people from building their own smartphones. 

1. They have to pay a licensing fee to the manufacturer of the phone.

2. They need to be built by someone who knows how to build a phone.
It's a combination of many things. 

1. The actors are recorded in a studio with a microphone.  They are told what they are going to say, and they are told how to say it.

2. They are given a list of words they need to say.  This list is written down by the director.  The director then tells the actors how they are supposed to say the words, and the actors are told to say them.  Then the director tells them how they should say them, and then the actors repeat the line.  
3. The director tells the
Money is a measure of value. 

It is a unit of account.  It is used as a standard of exchange.

The value of something is determined by the amount of labor it takes to make it.  If you have a ton of iron, it is worth the same amount of iron as one ton of gold.  But if you have 1 ton of silver, it's worth 1.5 tons of silver.  So if you want to know how much gold is worth, you need to know the weight of the metal.  That's why gold is valuable, because it's a
We know our galaxy is spiral because we can see it from our telescopes. 

We can't see it because it's too far away to see it, but we can observe it from the ground. 


_URL_0_
It's because they were built on top of the ground. 

When you build a house, you're building on the surface of the earth, which is very soft and soft.  When you build on the ground, you are building on a layer of rock that is much harder than the ground below.

You can see this in the picture below:

_URL_0_

If you look at it from the top, you can see that it's a lot lower than it is from the bottom.
It doesn't work. 

There are a lot of studies that show that affirmative action does not work.

For example, in the case of affirmative action in higher education, there is a study that shows that black students are more likely to be accepted into higher education if they are of a certain ethnic background.  The study is called [Fisher v. Bollinger](_URL_0_) and it is based on a study done by the University of Texas at Austin.
When you're lying down, your sinuses are constricted.  When you stand up, you open them up and let air in.  This causes the mucus in your nose to expand, which causes it to get stuffed up.
The rods are made of a substance called [sulphur](_URL_0_). When you roll over a stiff neck, the rods compress the muscles in your neck, causing them to contract, which causes the rods to crack.
I think it has to do with the fact that our eyes are used to seeing things in a straight line. If you look at a picture on the wall, you're looking at it from a certain angle, and your eyes are trained to see things in straight lines. If the picture is uneven, you can't see the picture from the same angle, so you're seeing it in a different way.
The fear of a government shutdown has mostly disintegrated following Boehner's resignation.

Boehner was the Speaker of the House of Representatives, and he was the leader of the conservative wing of the Republican Party. He was the one who forced the government to shut down in order to pass the Affordable Care Act (aka Obamacare). 

He was also the speaker of the house of representatives, so he had a lot of influence on the agenda of the Republicans.  
 
The reason the fear of the government shutting down has mostly dissipated is because of the fact that there is no real reason for
It doesn't. 

The salt in food is a salt, and the water in it is water.  When you eat it, the salt is absorbed by the food, and when it is excreted, the water is absorbed back into the food.
I think it has to do with the temperature difference between the two burritos.

When you cook one burrito in the oven, you're cooking it at a higher temperature than when you cook it in the microwave. 

In the microwave, the heat is spread out over the entire surface of the food, so it takes longer for the heat to reach the center of the burrito.
I think it has to do with the way we learn to write. 

When you are learning to write, you learn to use your hand in a certain way.  You learn to hold the pen in your hand, and then you learn how to write with it.  When you are older, you start learning to use it in a different way, and it becomes easier for you to learn.  It's also easier for your brain to learn to read and write in cursive, so it's easier for the brain to pick up on what you're trying to say.
It was a referendum held in the middle of a civil war between Ukraine and Russia.  

Ukrainian authorities declared the referendum illegal because it was held under the cover of darkness, and the results were not accepted by the international community.

Russia, on the other hand, declared that the referendum was legitimate, and that it was the result of a popular vote.  The people of Crimea voted to become part of the Russian Federation.
Socialism is based on the idea that everyone should have equal access to the means of production.

Capitalism, on the other hand, is built on the premise that all people should have the same amount of control over their own lives. 

Communism, by contrast, is founded on the belief that everyone has the right to be free to do whatever they want, and that the state should be able to intervene in the economy to ensure that everyone is doing what they want.
It doesn't take a photo of a specific point in time. It takes a picture of the room at a specific moment in time, and then uses the camera to record that moment.
If you are a citizen of the United States, you are not subject to the jurisdiction of the federal government. 

If you were a citizen, and you were convicted of a crime in the U.S., you would not be subject to federal jurisdiction.
Socialism is a form of communism.  It is a system of government run by the state.  This means that the government is in charge of everything.  The government is the sole source of wealth.

Capitalism is the source of all the wealth.  Socialism is a way to give the government more control over the economy.  

In the US, there are a lot of people who believe that socialism is bad for the country.  They believe that if the government takes control of the economy, they will be able to control everything, and if they take control of everything, then the
Thorium has a higher thermal conductivity than uranium. 

Uranium and thorium are the same material, but they have different thermal conductivities.

Thorium is more conductive than uranium, so it can withstand higher temperatures, which means that it can be used as a coolant, which is a big advantage. 


The problem with uranium is that it has a very high neutron flux, meaning that it emits a lot of gamma radiation, which can lead to nuclear weapons proliferation.
Libertarianism is a political philosophy that is based on limited government and individual liberty. 

Liberalism is the opposite of libertarianism.

Libertarians believe in limited government, individual liberty, and limited government.  They believe that the government should not be able to impose its will on people, but should be allowed to do so as it sees fit.
Oranges are not the same as humans, but they share a lot of traits with us.

Humans evolved from apes. Oranges are the result of a mutation in the genes that control the color of our skin, which is why we have blue eyes, blue hair, blue skin, and blue eyes.
You would have a similar experience to having a bigger TV, if you sat closer to a smaller TV. 

Your eyes are used to focusing on the center of the screen.  If you sit further away, your eyes will focus more on the edges of the image, and you will be able to see more detail.  This is why you can't see the edges if you sit too close to a TV.
Cats and dogs have a natural instinct to chase smaller animals that flee, which is why they hiss and hiss when they see other cats running away.

Dogs have the same instinct, but they are social animals, so they don't show it as much.
Grape juice is made from grapes that have been pasteurized to remove any bacteria, yeasts, and moulds. 

Water is made by filtering the water out of the grape juice.

Concentrated grape juice is also made from grape juice that has been bleached to remove the pulp and seeds.
Depression isn't a disease, it's a state of mind. It's not something that can be cured, but it can be treated. 

It's not that we try to cure depression, we just try to prevent it.
Game has been in the news for a while now. 

It's a game that's been in development for a few years now, and has been released on a number of different platforms.  It's been a hit and miss game.  The game was released on both PC and consoles, and it's been getting a lot of positive reviews, but it's also been getting some bad reviews.  
 
The problem is that the game has been receiving poor reviews from critics, and the ESRB has decided to give the game a lower rating than it was originally rated for.  This
Yes, there is a governing body that controls who can send something in to space. It's called the Outer Space Treaty, and it was signed in 1959. 

The treaty was signed by the USSR, the US, the UK, China, Russia, and the USSR.  It was ratified by the United Nations General Assembly and the UN Security Council.
It's not so much that the camera needs so much light, it's that it needs to be able to adjust the amount of light coming in and out of the lens to compensate for the motion of the subject. 

When you take a slow motion picture, you're shooting at a very slow shutter speed, so the light is bouncing off the lens and bouncing off of the camera's sensor.  When you take slow motion pictures, the light bounces off the sensor and bounces off of your subject, which causes the image to blur.

The same thing happens with slow motion video.  The light bounces
Content Aware Scaling is a way for your browser to detect if a video is being played at a certain resolution or bitrate, and adjust the quality of the video to match that. 

When you're watching a video on your computer, your computer has a lot of processing power, so it has to keep up with the amount of data it needs to process.

If the video is playing at a higher resolution, the computer will be able to handle it better, but if it's playing at lower resolution, it will have to deal with the extra data that's being sent to your computer.
The Supreme Court is hearing a case about campaign finance. 

The case is about whether the Federal Election Commission (FEC) has the authority to regulate super-PACs, which are groups that are allowed to raise unlimited amounts of money but are not allowed to coordinate directly with candidates.

In this case, the FEC is looking at a case involving a man who lent his campaign $250,000 to a super PAC.  The FEC says that he owes the campaign $500,000, but he owes them $300,000.  This is illegal, because super PACs can't coordinate with candidates
The English language has been around for thousands of years. 

There are a lot of reasons for this, but I think the most important one is that it's a social construct.

In the Middle Ages, the English language was very different from the languages of the Middle East and Europe.  The Middle Ages were a time of great social change, and a time when there was a great deal of social tension between the upper classes and the lower classes.  In the middle ages, it was common for people to use words that were considered "bad" because they were seen as degrading to the lower class
I'm not sure what you're asking about, but I'll try my best to explain it. 

_URL_0_
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it's because you're from a different culture. 

In my culture, we eat a lot of meat and vegetables, but we don't eat much of anything else.
Your stomach is made up of a bunch of muscles, and when you eat or drink too much food, the muscles contract to push air out of your stomach. When you burp, the air is pushed back into your stomach, and it makes a growling sound. 

_URL_0_
The difference between tanks and tank destroyers is that tanks are designed to be self-propelled and self-supporting. They are not designed to engage enemy tanks.

A tank destroyer is designed to attack enemy tanks from the rear. 

The main difference is that a tank is designed for a specific role, and a tank destroyer is for a different role. 


Tanks are designed for fighting enemy tanks, and destroyers are for attacking enemy tanks that are moving away from the enemy.
Your brain doesn't store long-term memories in the same way as your brain stores short-term ones. 

When you wake up, your brain has a lot of time to process what you just dreamt into a memory.  It takes a few seconds for your brain to process the dream into a long term memory.
It's a learned trait, but it's also instinctual. 

When you smile, your brain releases hormones that make you feel happy.  These hormones are released when you're happy, so when you smile your body releases them.  When you're sad, you release them when you are sad, so you feel sad.
It's because it's coming from the Pacific Ocean, not the Atlantic.

Typhoons are called typhoons because they're moving from the middle of the ocean to land. Hurricanes are called hurricanes because of the way they move.
The water vaporizes at the same time as the water boils. 

When you boil a bucket of water, the water is at a certain temperature.  The water boils because it has reached its boiling point.  When the water reaches the boiling point, it stops being a liquid and becomes a gas.

If you boil the water, it will start to evaporate.  But the amount of water that evaporates depends on the temperature of the water.
This is a good question. 

_URL_0_
Your mouth has a lot of bacteria that live in your mouth, and when you brush your teeth, you are removing the bacteria from your mouth. 

When you eat, your mouth is full of sugar and starch, and the bacteria digest the sugar and turn it into acids. These acids dissolve the minerals in your enamel, which is what makes your teeth taste sour.
The NFL owns the word "Super Bowl". It's a trademark. 

Radio stations and TV channels can't use it because it implies that they are affiliated with the NFL, which is a violation of the NFL's trademark.
I think it has to do with the fact that we are conditioned to dislike things that don't change. 

When you grow up, you learn to like things that are familiar, and when you grow old, you become desensitized to things that aren't familiar.

For example, when you are a child, you don't like the sound of your mother's voice, because it makes you think of her as annoying. When you get older, you start to think of your parents as annoying, because they are annoying, and because they make you feel like you have to do things they don't
A proxy is a way for you to connect to a server outside of your country. 

Tor is a network of computers that connects to other computers outside your country that are not connected to the internet.

A VPN is a method of connecting to a VPN server that is connected to a private network that is not accessible to the public internet. 


The difference between a proxy and a VPN is that a proxy connects to a public network, and the VPN connects to the private network.  The difference between the two is that the proxy connects you to the server you want to access, while the VPN
When you press the power button, the phone knows that you've pressed it long enough so that it should turn on. 

When you hold the button long enough, it sends a message to the phone telling it that it's turned on.
Laptops don't need to be able to use 3G/4G because they're not designed for it. They're designed for 2G/3G.

Phones are designed to be used for voice calls, text messages, and internet access. They can't do that on laptops because they don't have the processing power to handle it.
Your body has two types of thermoreceptors. 

One is called a thermoreceptor and the other is a thermal sensor.  The first one is the one that tells you that it's cold, the second one tells you it's hot.  When you touch something really cold it takes a few seconds for it to register that it is cold.

The reason for this is because your body has a lot of receptors in your skin that are sensitive to temperature changes.  These are the ones that tell you if it is hot or cold.  If you touch a hot object, your body
Dogs have coprophagia, which is the practice of eating their own feces or the feces of other animals. 

Dogs don't wipe, so they don't smell as bad as they should.
The car safety emergency hammer is designed to break the rubber seal on the bottom of the window, not the glass itself. 

The rubber seal is made of a thin layer of polycarbonate, which is very strong.  It is very difficult to break, but it is very easy to break with a hammer.
Dyslexia is a learning disorder. It is caused by a delay in the development of the brain's ability to process the sounds that make up language. 

It is not a problem with intelligence, it's a learning disability.

You don't know if you have dyslexia until you have a diagnosis. You can get a diagnosis of it by looking at your child's handwriting, reading their workbooks, and looking at the way they write.
They don't. 

It's not that they don't want you to use 4G, it's that they're not sure how many people will use it.  If you're talking to someone who lives in a country where 4G is not available, and you want to make a call, you can't just switch to 4G.  You need to be able to connect to the local network to make the call.
When you're listening to music, your brain is trying to make sense of what you're hearing. When you're watching TV, you're trying to figure out what's going on.
It is possible. 

In the US, it is illegal for the government to hire private armies.  It is illegal to hire mercenaries to fight in a war.  The US Constitution prohibits the government from hiring private armies, but it is legal for private citizens to do so.

There are laws against hiring mercenaries, but they are not enforceable by the government.
It depends on a lot of things. 

1. Your last name is not the only way you can tell your country of origin, but it is the most common way.

2. If you have a last name that is similar to your father's last name, you can use that to tell if you are related to someone from that country

3. If your last name isn't related to your first name, then you can look up the last name of your father in the family tree

4. You can also look up your mother's maiden name

5. Find out if
The commander of the base would have no way to contact any of his or her subordinates.  If the base was attacked, they would be surrounded by enemy forces and unable to communicate with the outside world.
It doesn't.  

Your car's odometer works by counting the number of wheel rotations times the tire circumference, which is a standard tire diameter times pi (3.1416).  If you change the size of your car tires, it will affect your mileage.
Creatine is an anabolic steroid.

It is a form of creatine, which is an amino acid. 

Basically, creatine is a type of amino acid that binds to amino acids in your body, which are the building blocks of your muscles.  It binds to these amino acids, and binds to them in such a way that they can be turned into amino acids that are used by your body to build muscle.  This is what makes it anabolic, but it is not anabolic in the same way as other anabolic steroids.
DNA is made up of two strands of DNA. 

One strand of DNA is called a base, and the other is called an nucleotide.

When you take a sample of DNA, you divide it up into two groups.  Each group has a different number of nucleotide bases.  If you divide the DNA in two groups, you can tell which group is which.  For example, if you take two groups of DNA and divide them up into 2 groups of 1,000 bases, you will find that one group has 1 base more than the other.  So you can say that the
I'm not sure what you're talking about. 

If you are still conscious for several seconds after being decapitated, what would be happening physiologically? Would you instinctively breathe even though you wouldn't need to?
It's not the pill itself, it's the way the drug is absorbed into your bloodstream.

When you take a pill, it goes down your throat through your esophagus, which is the part of your throat that connects your throat to your stomach and intestines. 

The pill is absorbed by your digestive tract, but it doesn't go through your stomach or intestines until it's in your throat. When you swallow the pill, the drug has to go through the mucosa (the layer of mucosa between your throat and your stomach) to enter your bloodstream, where it's absorbed by
It depends on the bank.

If you have a bank account with one bank and another bank with another bank, you can transfer money to the other bank. 

But if you have an account with a bank that doesn't have a branch in the other country, then you can't transfer money from your bank account to your other bank's account.
Trolling is when someone deliberately disrupts a thread. 

For example:

_URL_0_
I'm not sure, but I think it has to do with the way your brain interprets eye movement. 

When you look at a picture, your brain uses the fovea of your eye (the area of the retina closest to the back of the eye) to see what's in front of you.  This is the part of the brain that interprets vision.

If you have a problem with this, it's because your brain doesn't know how to interpret your eye movement, so it can't make sense of what you're seeing.  It's like when you're trying to
It's not really a credible source of information. It's just a way for the government to keep track of who you are and what you're doing.
Binary numbers are a way to represent binary numbers. 

A binary number is a binary number that is represented by a fixed number of bits, usually 4.

In binary, each digit is represented as a number, and each bit represents a binary character.  So, for example, if you want to know how many letters are in binary, you need to know the number of letters in binary.  You can do this by looking at the ASCII code, which is a table of all the letters that are represented by binary numbers, and then you can look at how many of those letters are represented
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it's called "carousel ads". 

When you make a purchase on Amazon, they will show you an ad in your newsfeed that says "we have a sale on this item".  It's not a direct link to the product, but rather a link to their website.  If you click on the link, it takes you to a page where you can buy the item.

If you go back to the app after you've made the purchase, they'll show you the ad again.  This time, it says "
It's a combination of mechanical and electrical switches. 

The mechanical switches are located on either side of the guideway.  They are connected to each other by a series of metal rods.  These rods are driven by a motor, which is connected to a switch.  When the train approaches a crossing, the motor moves the rods, and when the train reaches the crossing, it activates the switch, which activates the motor.  The switch is then turned on and off, and the train starts moving.

When the motor stops working, the switch is turned off.  This is done by a
I think it has to do with the fact that office depot is a place where you have to take your car to and from work. 

If you have a car, you need to be able to drive to work. If you have an office depot, you can't.

Also, if you work in an office, you don't need to take a car to go to work, so you need a car.
Companies don't donate money to politicians that are almost never going to win.  They donate money because they want to influence the outcome of the election.  If they don't win, then they're not going to have a say in how the election is decided.
An elected government becomes a regime when the people no longer have the right to vote.

An autocracy is when the government is not elected by the people, but by a group of people who have the power to control the government.
Your brain has a finite amount of resources.  It can only process so much before it starts to feel tired.  When you play Skyrim, you're using up a lot of those resources.

When you read or study, your brain has more time to process the information you're reading.  Your brain can process more information, but it's still limited by the amount of time it has to process it.  If you're playing Skyrim, it's not enough time for your brain to process all the information it needs to.
Radioactive fallout is the amount of radiation that is released by the explosion of a nuclear device. 

Most of it is gamma radiation, but there are some radioisotopes that are short-lived and have half-lives of seconds or minutes.

Gamma radiation is the most dangerous type of radioactivity. It can cause damage to your skin, eyes, lungs, kidneys, and other organs, and can cause cancer if you are exposed to it long enough.
Depression is a chemical imbalance in the brain. 

When you're depressed, your brain is trying to make itself better, but it's not working properly.  It's not functioning properly enough to do so.

It's not even functioning well enough to be able to recognize that it's a problem, so it doesn't try to fix it.
It's not that screens mix colors using different colors than printers, it's that they use different types of ink. 

Screen color is based on the color spectrum, which is a subset of the visible spectrum.

A computer monitor's "RGB" color gamut is a wider range of colors than a printer's "CMYK" gamut, which has a narrower range of colours.  The difference is that a computer monitor has a wider gamut of colors, and a printer uses a narrower gamut.  This means that if you want to print something on a monitor, you need to
Group theory is a branch of mathematics that deals with groups. 

A group is a collection of things that are related to each other in some way.  For example, if you have a set of integers, you can think of a group as a set that is connected to all the integers in that set.

If you want to know how a group works, you need to know that every group is related to every other group in the same way that a set is linked to all other sets.  So if you look at a graph, you will see that every graph is a group of groups.
Gothic style is a bit of a cultural thing.  It's a way of expressing a certain way of life, and it's more acceptable to dress gothic in colder climates because it's easier to get away with it.
Doping is the use of banned substances to enhance performance. 

Erythropoietin (EPO), EPO, and Darbepoetin-alfa (DBAF) are all banned by the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA).

EPO is used to increase the volume of red blood cells in your blood. Red blood cells are a vital part of your body's ability to carry oxygen, and if you don't have enough of them, your body can't carry enough oxygen to your muscles.

Epo is a synthetic form of EPO
There is a lot of oil in the Middle East, but not nearly as much as there is in other parts of the world. 

The reason is because it's a very arid region.  It's very dry, and there's not much else to exploit.

Also, it's very difficult to extract hydrocarbons from the ground.  There are a few places in the world where there are oil deposits, but they're not as easy to extract as the ones in the middle east.
It's not that they don't want to have sex, it's that they want to play video games more than sex.
Saudi Arabia is a big oil exporter. They are also a big ally of the US in the Middle East. 

Saudi Arabia has a lot of oil, which means that they have lots of money to spend on things like education, health care, and infrastructure.

They also have a huge amount of influence in the region because they are the largest oil producer in the world.  They also control the oil shipping lanes through the Persian Gulf, which allows them to sell their oil to countries all over the world, including the US.
Chemical weapons are different than regular ones.

Bombs are designed to kill people, not animals. 

Chlorine is used as a poison gas in World War I, but was delivered by artillery shell, unlike the modern stationary or car bombs.  It is heavier than air, so it will not dissipate until well after an explosion, and because it is heavier, it will take longer to dissipate than a car bomb.  So the number of innocent deaths is not the same.
He owes 19 million dollars in back taxes. 

He's not in jail because he's not guilty of a crime.  He's been convicted of lying to the government, which is a misdemeanor.  The government is trying to get him to pay back the money he owes.
When you are near your home, you have a lot more time to think about going to the bathroom than you do when you are out and about.  You are also more likely to be distracted by other things.  If you are in a hurry to get somewhere, you may not notice that you need to go until you get to your destination.
I'm not an expert, but I can give you an idea of how it works. 

First, you have a phone number.  It has a unique code that tells your phone which number to send the message to.  This code is called a "reference number".  This number tells the phone which phone is sending the message.

When you send a text message, your phone sends it to the other phone.  The other phone then sends it back to the original phone, which is then sent to the sender.  When the phone receives the message, it sends the information to the server
It's not that much healthier for taking them. 

It's just that if you eat a healthy diet, you'll get more vitamins and minerals than if you take multivitamins.

If you take a multivitamin, you're not going to get the same amount of vitamins as you would if you just ate a normal diet.
When you press on your chest, you are increasing the pressure in your arteries. This causes the blood vessels in your chest to constrict, which causes blood to flow in the correct way.
Vevo is a way for artists to get paid for their music.  They don't have to pay the copyright holders for the rights to their music, they just get a cut of the revenue.  

It's also a way to get people to watch their videos.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it has something to do with the Industrial Revolution. 

The Industrial Revolution was a time of massive population growth and increased food production, which meant that people had more food to eat, which in turn meant that they grew taller.

In the middle ages, the average height of men in Europe was about 170.0 centimetres (66.7 inches) and women were 170.5 inches (67.9 inches).

During the Middle Ages, there was a period of famine in Europe where the population was very low, and
It depends on the type of autopsy. 

In the US, an autopsy is done by a pathologist.  The pathologist will take a sample of the body and examine it from different angles to determine the cause and manner of death.  They will also take a tissue sample from the skin, muscle, bone, fat, etc.  This is used to determine if there are any signs of trauma to the body, such as a broken bone or a broken skull.

The body is then dissected and the organs are removed from the body.  There are two types of internal examinations.
Your body has a lot of chemicals in it that make you feel dehydrated and terrible when you sleep. When you sleep, your body releases a hormone called cortisol, which is a hormone that makes you feel thirsty and terrible.
It depends on the country. 

In the US, the Federal Reserve prints the money.  The money is printed by the Bureau of Engraving and Printing, which is a company that makes money for the government.

The money is then sent to the Treasury, which then sends it to the banks, who then issue the new currency to the general public.
I'm not sure what you mean by "less deadly and brutal". 

There are a lot of factors at play, but the most important one is that the world has gotten a lot more technologically advanced since the end of WWI.

In the last 100 years, we have had a lot better weapons and better communications technology, which have allowed us to fight more effectively and more effectively. 
Also, the world is more peaceful and less violent than it was in the past.
The blackness of space is made of matter. 

It's mostly plasma, mostly hydrogen and helium, but it's also a lot of other stuff like neutrinos, neutrons, dust, and cosmic rays.
It's not so much that the news is misinformative, it's that the information that is being reported is often misinformed. 

For example, if you go to a news station and see a story about a plane crashing, you'll see that it's not true.

If you watch a news show, you will see that the story is not true, but that the reporter is lying about it.
It's possible, but it's not practical. 

Imagine you have a house in the middle of the ocean.  The water in the ocean is cold, but the air is warm.  If you want to generate energy from the water, you need to move the house up into the air.  You can do this by flying a kite up and down the ocean, but that's a lot of work.

You need to be able to fly the kite high enough so that the water is warm enough to boil.  That's not easy, but you can do it.  It
I'm not sure what you mean by "addictive", but I think it has to do with the fact that the game is designed to make you feel like you are accomplishing something. 

Imagine you have a bunch of friends and you want to get them to help you build a house.  You want to make sure they help you, but you don't know how to do it.  So you make a list of things you need to do, and then you go and do them.  It's kind of like a scavenger hunt.  If you get all the loot you need, you
The song is about a group of people who are on board a ship.  They are in the middle of the ocean, and they are singing and playing instruments.  

In the beginning of the song, they are on the deck of the ship, playing instruments and singing.  Then, they get off the ship and start walking down the beach.  The music is playing, and the band is singing.

As the song goes on, the band gets closer and closer to the shore.  Eventually, they reach a point where they can't see the shore anymore.  So, they start
The purpose of warm-up/tuning is to get the orchestra in sync with each other. 

For example, if you're playing a piece in C major, you might want to warm up with C minor, which is C major.

If you're warming up for a C minor piece, you may want to play C Major, C minor or C minor C, which are C major C, C C, D C, G C, E C, A C. 


The idea is that when you're warm up, you're getting a sense of how the orchestra is playing.
Sound is made up of a bunch of tiny vibrations. 

When you change the speed of a sound, the vibrations in the air that make up the sound change.

Think of it like this:

Imagine that you have a piece of paper with a string on it, and you want to write down the number of notes on it.  You write down how many notes there are on the paper, and how long it takes for each note to get to the next note.  If you write the number down, you can see that there are 12 notes in the paper.  But if you
An action potential is when the membrane potential of a specific cell rapidly rises and falls: this depolarisation then causes adjacent locations to similarly depolarise. 

When a neuron "fires", it releases neurotransmitters, which are the chemicals that are responsible for sending signals to other neurons.
There is nothing we can do.  

Russia and Iran are the two most powerful countries in the world.  They are the ones with the most influence in the region, and they have a lot of influence in Syria as well.
When you're cold, your body is trying to regulate the temperature of your skin.  Your nerves are trying to keep your skin at a constant temperature.  When you get cold, they stop working.  This causes your nerves to stop working, which causes them to stop sending information to your brain.

When you get hot, your nerves are able to send more information to the brain, which is why you feel more pain when you get a cold.
A talk box is a device that allows musicians to modify the sound of a musical instrument by shaping the frequency content of the sound and to apply speech sounds (in the same way as singing) onto the instrument. 

Imagine you have a guitar, and you want to make it sound like you're singing.  You have a microphone in your mouth, and the guitar has a resonator in it.  The resonator emits a sound wave, which you can then use to change the pitch of the instrument's sound.  This is done by changing the shape of the vocal chords.  If you put a
It's not so much that they're complicated, it's that they are made by people who know how to make them. 

If you want to buy a Rolex, you need to know how it works.  You need to have a basic understanding of how the movement works, and how the case is made.  If you don't know that, you're not going to be able to buy one.

The more complicated the watch, the more complicated it is.  It's not that it's complicated because it's expensive, but because it is made by someone who knows how to do
They don't. 

The crane is attached to the foundation of the skyscraper.  The foundation is made of concrete slabs that are anchored to the ground.  When the crane lifts the foundation, it lifts the concrete slab, and then it lowers it down the shaft.  Once the crane is done, it lowers the slabs back into place.

There are two types of crane, self-erecting tower cranes and self erecting tower crane.  Self erecting towers are the ones that are used to build skyscrapers.  They are used because they have the highest
Your vocal cords are connected to the trachea, which is the part of your throat that connects your lungs to your throat. When your voice is changing, your vocal chords are vibrating. 

Your voice box is made up of a bunch of muscles called the vocal folds.  These muscles are called the [glottis](_URL_0_).  When your vocal cords vibrate, they vibrate in the same way as the air in your lungs.

When your voice changes, the muscles in your vocal folds vibrate differently.  This is called phonation.
The expiration date has been nullified by the manufacturer. 

If you bake a cake today with milk that'll expire tomorrow, will your cake also expire tomorrow?
When you are under anesthesia, your bladder is being constricted by the nerves that control urination. This constricts the bladder muscles, which causes the urge to urinate to go away. 

When you're awake, the muscles that control peeing are still working, but they are being suppressed by the sedation. This causes the bladder to contract, which makes peeing difficult.
The odds of dying in battle were really high, increasing with every battle. 

It's not that the odds of surviving a battle were always high, it's that they were increasing with the number of battles.
Himalayan salt comes from the Himalayas. It is mined from the North Indian Salt Range mountains in Pakistan. It has a distinctive pink hue, which has led to the misconception that it is healthier than table salt.

Rock salt is made from sea salt, which is the same salt as table salt, but is refined to make it pink.
The Greek Cypriots want to split the island into two parts. The Republic of Cyprus and the Turkish Cypriot Republic of Northern Cyprus want to remain part of the same country.

Greece wants to keep the island as a part of Greece and Turkey wants to split it into two separate countries.
The net is made up of two poles, one at the center of the rink and one at each side of the ice. The poles are attached to the ends of the net, and the net is tied to one of the poles.

When you shoot the puck, the puck hits the net. The net is designed to keep the puck in the air, so that it doesn't fall out of the goal.
Your tongue is made up of a bunch of tiny little muscles. When velcro is torn apart, it causes the muscles in your tongue to contract, which causes pain. 

Your tongue has a lot of elasticity, so when you hear the sound of velcro tearing apart, your tongue is trying to push the velcro back into place.
They don't. 

They can determine price of used metal, but how do they determine the price of a design and artistic skills used in making jewelry?
The sun board uses the sun as a reference point. 

When sailing, the sun is at the equator, and the sun board is pointing in the direction of the sun.

If you look at the sun, you can see that it's moving in the same direction as the earth, so you can calculate the distance between the sun and the earth.  If you look up at the sky, you'll see that the earth is moving in a straight line, and if you look down at the ground, you will see that you're in the plane of the earth's rotation.
When you take off, the plane is moving in the opposite direction of the plane's center of gravity. 

When you land on the ground, the ground is pushing down on the plane, which causes the plane to "roll" side-to-side.
It's not instantaneous. 

It takes a long time for a list to go live.  It's not like you can unsubscribe from an email list and have it take effect immediately.  You have to go through the process of creating a new email list.  If you don't do that, it will take a while for it to take effect.
Cosplay is when you dress up as a character from a comic book, movie, video game, etc. It is generally considered different from Halloween and Mardi Gras costume wear, as the intention is to replicate a specific character, rather than to reflect the culture and symbolism of a holiday event.
It's not the same number of vertebrae, it's the shape of the vertebral column. 

Your neck is made up of a bunch of bones that are connected to each other by a series of plates called the neural spines.

Each vertebra has a different shape and shape, and the shape is determined by the curvature of the spine.  The more curved the spine, the longer it is.  If you have a long neck, the more the spine is curved.  This means that your spine is longer than it is wide, so your neck is wider than it's
Because the government has to wait for the evidence to be presented to the jury before they can decide whether or not to try the case. 

Also, the prosecutor's office has to have a lot of time to prepare for a trial.
Bail is an option for people who have been arrested.  It's a way to keep them in jail until they show up for their trial.  If they don't show up, they can be sent back to jail.
Bluetooth is a way for devices to communicate with each other, but it's not a universal way to do it. It's a way to make it so that you don't have to raise your arm and point at your TV.
When it is hot, the electrons in the plasma are free to move around. 

When it's cold, there is a lot of static charge because the electrons can't move around as freely.
UPS and FEDEx pay by the ton. 

UPS drivers get paid by the truckload.  
FEDEx drivers get their wages by the mile.
It's called fair use.

Basically, if you use copyrighted material for the purposes of parody, pastiche, parody, and caricature without infringing on the copyright of the copyright holder, then it's considered fair use, and you can remove it.
The release of source code is not the same as the release of the source code. 

The source code was not released to the public.  It was released by Symantec as part of a contract with the company that makes the anti-virus software.  The contract says that they can't release source code, but they can release it to anyone who wants to use it.

This means that anyone can use the code to make a copy of the code and modify it to do whatever they want.  They can also use it to make changes to the code that they don't want to
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'll give it a shot.  

First, you need to create a sub.  You can do this by creating a new sub.

If you want to do this, you have to go to /r/subreddits and create a subreddit.  There are a few things you can do:

_URL_0_

1. You can create a new subreddit and add it to the list of sub-reddits.  If you don't have a sub, you can create one.  This is done by creating
Road bike racing is a lot like road running. 

There are two main types of road racing, road and time trial.

In road cycling, the peloton is a group of riders riding in a long formation with each (but not the first rider) drafting behind the others before them.  This means that any time one bicyclist is riding behind another, they have to push as hard as they can to conserve energy, especially at higher speeds.  In time trial races, each rider has to ride against the clock, and the rider with the fastest time is declared the winner.
I think it's because it's a way for the dog to get used to the feeling of being on the ground. 

_URL_0_
Direct downloads are much harder to get caught doing than torrents.  

Torrents are decentralized.  You don't have a single point of failure, you have multiple points of failure.  When you connect to a torrent server, you're connecting to a bunch of peers.  If one of those peers is infected with malware, you can't connect to that peer.

If you connect directly to a peer, you don't need to worry about infecting the peer with malware.  The peer is already infected, so it doesn't matter if the peer is infected or not.  It's
Ferry is pronounced the same as "fairies".

"Ferry" is pronounced as in "fairy"

Ferry means "ferry" in English, "fairie" means "fair" in French.
I think it has to do with the size of the speaker.  If you have a 6.3mm jack for a guitar, you can get a lot more power out of it than you can out of a 5.5mm jack.
It's based on the Fourteenth Amendment to the Constitution, which says that you are not a "sovereign citizen" unless you agree to accept benefits from the federal government. 

So, if you don't want to pay taxes, you're not a citizen of the United States.
Stress causes your body to produce more collagen, which is a type of collagen that is used to protect your skin from damage. When you are stressed, the collagen in your skin is damaged and your skin can't repair it. This causes wrinkles.
Your body is made up of a bunch of tiny little tubes that are connected to the rest of your body. When you're on a plane, these tubes get pulled out of the way, and your body has to push them back in. 

Your stomach and other organs are also made of a lot of elasticity, so if you have a water bottle in your hand, it will fall out of your hand and land on the floor.
We don't know for sure, but it's possible.

There's a lot of speculation, but I think it's worth pointing out that we don't really know for certain. 

We do know that we know a few things, but not enough to be able to say with 100% certainty that it's a medical breakthrough.
I think it has to do with the context of the joke. When you first tell a joke, you're telling a joke about something that is obvious to you, but you don't really know what it is. You don't know how to explain it to someone else, so it's easier for them to understand it.

When you explain it, it's harder for people to understand what you're trying to say.
It's because it's easier for the driver to keep the car in one direction. 

When you're driving a car, you're using your hands to control the steering wheel.  If you have two hands on the wheel, you can't control the car with one hand, so you have to use the other hand to steer the car.

RC cars are designed to be easy to control, so the driver doesn't need to use both hands to steer.
It's called a shunt fault. 

Lightning can cause a short circuit in the cable, but it doesn't take out the whole neighborhood.

It can take out your whole neighborhood, but if it's just one cable, it won't knock out the entire network. If it's multiple cables, it can knock out your entire neighborhood.
The Middle East and the Indian subcontinent have such a high diversity for religions because they are very close to each other. 

In the Middle East, there is a lot of land that is very fertile and fertile for agriculture, so there are lots of fertile places for people to live.

There is also a lot more land in the middle east than there is in India, so it is easier to spread out and spread out.
Antibiotics are used to treat bacterial infections, not to prevent them from becoming resistant to them. 

If you have a tooth infection, it's not a big deal to take two pills before the procedure.  It's more important to get the infection out of your mouth as soon as possible.
The difference between a breaking ball and a curve ball is that the ball is made to curve. 

A fastball is the ball thrown at high speed.  A curveball is thrown by the pitcher with the index and middle fingers spread slightly across the baseball, and the ring and little finger wrap around the side of the ball.

Slider is a pitch thrown with the middle and ring fingers spread across the ball, but the middle finger and ring finger are spread slightly apart.  It is thrown with a slightly different grip, and is thrown at a higher velocity.  The ball is thrown in the same
When you're angry, you want something to hurt. You want it to hurt, but you don't want to do it to yourself.

When you are angry, your brain tells your body to do something to make you feel better, so you do it. 

If you're not angry, it's because your brain is telling your body that it's doing something wrong, and you want to feel good about it. If you're happy, it tells your brain that you're doing the right thing, and it wants to keep doing it.
I'm not sure what you mean by "drunk" but I'm going to try to explain it this way.

When you're drunk, your brain doesn't have time to process what you're seeing and thinking. You're not paying attention to what's going on around you, you're just focusing on what's happening in front of you. 

If you're sober, you have a lot of time to think and process what is happening around you. Your brain has time to filter out the things that aren't important and focus on things that are important. When you drink, you don't
It's called the [Red Reflex](_URL_0_). It's a reflex that happens when light hits the back of your eye and reflects off of the cornea, which is the transparent film that covers your eyes. When you smoke marijuana, your eyes are exposed to a lot of chemicals that cause them to turn red.
Google would be a Tier 1 ISP, which means that they would be able to charge more for faster access to the internet. 

They would also have to pay more for bandwidth, which would make it harder for other companies to compete with them.
When you are unconscious, your brain is flooded with blood, and the oxygen in your blood is not reaching your lungs. This causes your heart to stop beating, which causes your lungs to stop working, and you stop being able to breathe. 

When you wake up, your heart is still beating, and your lungs are still working, so your body is still able to pump blood to your brain.

If you are in a state of unconsciousness (fainting, blacked out drunk) your brain doesn't have enough oxygen in it to function properly, so you have to use your muscles to
I think it's because the word "maths" is derived from the Latin word "mathematica", which means "calculus". 

Mathematics is the study of numbers. It's not just about math, but it's also about logic and logic.
Your phone is an analog phone. 

Radio was a radio.  It used to be used as an antenna for local HF radio, which is a radio frequency that is used to transmit radio waves.  
 
The phone was a pocket radio, powered by a 22.5V battery.  The phone was small enough to fit in a vest pocket, and had a small battery to power the radio.

Modern cell phones use the same technology, but they use a much larger battery, so they can carry a lot more power.  They also have more storage space, so you can
The ball is made up of a bunch of tiny little grooves. The grooves in the ball give it a slight rise as it travels through the air. 

When you throw a curveball, the grooves on the ball cause the ball to spin in the direction you want it to go, which causes it to travel in the opposite direction of the direction that you want.

This is called the [Magnus effect](_URL_0_).

Magnus is a phenomenon that occurs when the ball spins in the same direction as the ball.  It is caused by the way the
Your butthole doesn't know when you're in the bathroom, it just knows that you're about to urinate. 

Your anus has a bunch of tiny sensors in it that detect when you go to the bathroom.  These sensors are attached to your briefs.  They detect when your butt is wet, and when you pee, they detect that you've peed.
Muslims vs Jews - I want the short (unbiased) story
Light travels at the speed of sound. 

The speed of light is the speed at which sound travels through space.

Light travels because it is a wave.  It is not a particle, it is an electromagnetic wave, and it travels in a vacuum.  If you want to know how light travels, you need to look at it in a mirror.  The mirror reflects light back at you, and you can see that light is moving through the mirror at a very high speed.  This is because the mirror is refracting light, and this refraction causes light to travel at a higher
Infinitesimal means "finite".

Infinite means "to be infinite."

Finite means to be finite.

Infinite means "the number of things".
Your skin has a lot of blood vessels in it. 

When you get a sunburn, the blood vessels are constricting, which causes the skin to become more sensitive to the sun's rays.

Your skin is not designed to be able to absorb heat, it is designed to absorb it, so when you apply ice to it, it will still absorb some of the heat.
We can make synthetic motor oil, but we can't make synthetic gasoline. 

We can, but it takes a lot of energy and time to make it.
Your nose has a lot of blood vessels in it. 

When it's cold, the mucous membranes in your nose dry out, the blood vessels constrict and cause the blood to leak out of your nose.

During the summer, when the mucus is dry and thin, your blood vessels are able to constrict more easily and cause more bleeding.
Your phone has a microchip in it called a SIM card.  This is the one that connects to your phone's SIM card and connects it to the internet.  When you use the phone, the SIM card is connected to the phone's processor.  The processor is the thing that runs the phone.  

When the phone is in use, it needs to send data to the computer.  It needs to do a lot of processing.  If you're not using the phone while it's on standby, it's not going to be able to do as much processing as it would if it were
Advil is a liquid because it's a liquid. 

Pills are a solid because they're made of a solid substance.
VHS is a magnetic tape.  It uses a magnetic field to bind the tape to the back of the player.  When the tape gets old, the magnetic field gets weaker and weaker.  Eventually, it can't bind anymore.  This is called generation loss.
They can block access to the site, but they can't do much more than that. 

If they want to, they can sue the company that owns the site and force them to take down the site.
Shampoo is not good enough to be used as body wash. 

The main purpose of shampoo is to cleanse the hair, not to moisturize the skin.
New Jersey has a reputation for being a place with a lot of corruption and corruption.  It's a place where the rich get richer and the poor get poorer.
They don't. 

Gps doesn't even know where you are.

They just know that your tweet is coming from one location (country) even though your gps is turned off.
The.com.net.us.ca.org, etc. TLDs are the top-level domain names that are reserved by the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF). 

They are used by the IETF to manage the allocation of IPv6 addresses, which are used for routing.

The first level TLD is.com, which is reserved for government entities and is used for government purposes. 
The second level is.ca.org, which has been used by non-government entities, such as non-governmental organizations and non-profit organizations.
A random function is a function that takes a set of variables and returns a random number. 

For example, let's say you have a variable x(t) and a variable y(t).

Let's say that x is the value of the variable x.

Now let's assume that y(x) is a random variable, and that x (t) is the number of times you've seen x at any given point in time. 


So, if you have x(1) and y(0) at time t, you can calculate the probability that x(
Psychopathy is a diagnosis of antisocial personality disorder. 

Sociopathy is the general term for antisocial behavior.

Psychopath is the specific diagnosis of sociopathy.
It's not that reddit doesn't know how to load pages, it's just that they don't have the resources to do it. 

When you're trying to load a page, your computer has to do a bunch of things.

First, it has to download the page, which is a lot of work, and takes a long time to do.  Second, the page has to be stored in your computer's memory, which takes a lot more time to store than it does to render.  This is because your computer needs to read the page from your hard drive and write it to your
It depends on the type of patient. 

For example, if you have a serious head injury, you might have to go to the ER for x-rays, a CAT scan, a chest x-ray, an EKG, a CT scan, an MRI, etc.

In addition to that, there are a lot of other things that need to be done, such as blood tests, blood pressure checks, chest X-rays and chest compressions.  These can take a long time to do, and are often done by the same person who is doing the X-ray.
I think it has to do with the fact that there are so many cars on the highway that it is hard to keep up with them all. 

Also, there are a lot of lanes on a highway that are not marked, so it is very easy for cars to get lost in the traffic.

If you are driving down the highway, and you are in the middle of a lane, you can't see the other cars in front of you, so you have to keep your eyes on the road ahead of you.
If you click a dodgy link, your computer will be redirected to a page that says "This page is for you". 

If you don't click the link, it will redirect you to another page with the same content.

It's not a good idea to click the dodgy links.
Radar.

Radar is a very good way to determine the direction of a missile.  It can detect the radio waves coming from the target.  When the missile's guidance system is able to "see" or "detect" those radio waves reflected from the missile, it can calculate a path between the missile and the target, and the missile is ready to be launched.
We can. 

But we can't replace limbs like we replace organs.

We can, but we don't want to.
Your phone is sending a signal to your speakers. 

Your speakers are receiving the signal from your phone, and your phone is receiving it back.

When your phone gets a text, it sends the signal to the speaker, and the speaker receives the signal back.
I think it has to do with the fact that it's more likely to be viewed by younger people, who are less likely to notice the "dramatization" at the bottom of a commercial.
Wikipedia is built on the assumption that there are 10 million speakers of English, and 10 million English speakers of Portuguese and Chinese.

This is not true. There are more than 10 million Portuguese speakers, but there are less than 1 million Chinese speakers, and less than 500,000 Chinese speakers.
It's stored on the phone's SIM card. 

When your phone is off, or has no signal, the SIM card is connected to the tower.  The tower sends the data to the phone, which is then sent to the server.  When the phone is reconnected, the phone sends the information to the servers, which then sends it back to your phone.
Alcohol is a diuretic. 

Alcohol dehydrates your liver, which is why you can smell it when you're drunk.

The smell is caused by a chemical called dimethyl sulfide.  It's produced by your liver when you drink too much alcohol.  When you drink a lot of alcohol, your liver starts to produce more and more of it.  This makes you smell it.
If the government did not bail out the banks in 2008, the economy would have collapsed.

The US is a very large country with a large number of banks, and a lot of people who have money in them. If the government didn't bail them out, they would have been unable to lend money to other people, which would have led to the collapse of the economy.
Igloo's are made of compressed snow. 

When you heat up the inside of the igloo, the air inside gets trapped in the ice, which keeps the temperature inside constant.

If you open the door, the ice will melt, but if you close the door again, it will still keep the temperature constant.
I'm not sure what you mean by "mods do all day", but I'd say they do a lot of things.

Edit: I'm not an expert on mods, but I think I know what they do:

_URL_0_
Milk bars are a place where you can buy ready-to-eat food and drink, not a place to drink milk. 

It's not that they don't serve milk as a drink, it's just that it's not a socially acceptable thing to do.
4chan is an imageboard.  It's basically a place where you can post whatever you want to say.  

There are a lot of different boards on 4chan, but the main one is /b/ which is the most popular.  There are also /v/, /v/ (Video Games) and /u/ (Random).  These are the boards where people post whatever they want to talk about.

The main reason 4chan gets a bad reputation is because it's a place for people to post things they don't want others to see.  If you don't like
We don't know. 

There are a lot of ways to estimate the number of species in the wild, but the easiest way is to look at how many animals are in a given area.

For example, if you live in a forest, you can count how many trees there are in the forest, and how many species are in that forest. 


If you live on the other side of the world, and there are no trees in that area, then you can estimate that there are only a few species there.  If you live at the top of a mountain, or in a
The wave function of a quantum system is called the wave function.  It is a wave function that describes the state of the system.  If you look at a waveform, you can see that it is composed of a number of different things.  

If you take the waveform and put it in a container, you will see that the number of things in the container is increasing.  This is called "decoherence".

The problem is that the amount of time it takes for this waveform to decoherence depends on how much time has passed since you last looked at it.
The chip is on the front of the card. 

When you use a debit card, the magnetic stripe on the card is the same as the one on the credit card, but the card has a chip on the back.  The chip tells the reader which card is which.  If the reader can read the chip, then the card will be charged.

If it can't, then it won't be charged, but if it can, it will be declined.  This is called EMV.  It's a standard set of rules that banks have to follow in order to make sure that
White bread is made from wheat flour that has had the germ and bran removed. The bran and germ are the things that cause the bread to be sour.
It's a twin-shaft turbofan. 

It's basically a piston engine that uses a turbine to compress the exhaust and drive a supercharger.  The turbine is designed to generate more power than the piston engine.  It's also designed to be more durable than a conventional piston engine, so it's designed to last longer.

The problem is that the turbine is much hotter than the exhaust, so the exhaust has to be cooled down before it can be used.  This means that the exhaust is hotter than normal, and the turbine needs to be designed to withstand higher temperatures.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'll try my best to explain it.

The Baltics were part of the Soviet Union until the fall of the USSR in 1991.  They were annexed by the USSR after World War I.  After World War II, they were given back to the USSR as part of a peace treaty between the USSR and the Baltic states.  In the early 1990s, the USSR recognized the independence of the three Baltic states, and the three countries were given the right to secede from the USSR.  

In the early 2000s, Russia
They don't get a signal, they get a "check" signal.

Your phone is connected to the internet, and the internet connects to your phone. 

The signal is sent to the phone, and then the phone receives the signal, and sends it back to the network. 

 >  Are they always "checking"?

Yes, they are always checking, but they are not always getting a signal.
We don't know. 

There are a lot of theories about it, but we don't really know enough about it to be able to say with 100% certainty that we are undergoing any sort of evolution.

Evolution is not observable by scientists, but it is observable by the general public, and it's observable by people who are interested in it.
When light hits something, it bounces off of it. 

Light is made up of a bunch of different wavelengths of light, and when it hits something it gets scattered around.

When light bounces off something, some of it gets absorbed, and some gets refracted.
When you freeze something, it loses its elasticity. 

When you're frozen, the water molecules in your body can't move, so they stop being able to move at all.

If you have a piece of glass, for example, you can't break it, because it's too cold to move. If you have something that's made of plastic, it's not so cold that it can't be broken, but it's cold enough that it will start to crack. 


The same thing happens when you freeze water.  The water molecules that make up the glass don't have
Bricks are made of ceramic. 

Ceramic is a very strong material, but it is very brittle.  It is very hard.  When it is burned, the heat causes it to crack.  This is why it is so hard.
Bugs don't have the same amount of mass as we do. 

Bugs have a lot more muscle mass than we do, so they have more mass to absorb the force of the fall.

Humans have a much smaller mass than they do, meaning they can absorb a lot of the force from the fall, but they can't absorb as much of it as we can.
It depends on the size of the plant. Most plants require CO for photosynthesis, which is why they need a lot of oxygen to survive. 

In a sealed room, the amount of oxygen they would need would be less than the volume of air in the room.
Good welding is when the metal is welded in a certain way.

For example, if you are welding a piece of steel, you are applying heat to the steel and applying pressure to the metal. If you apply pressure on the steel, the metal will bend and form a strong bond, but if you apply too much pressure, the steel will break and you will end up with a weak weld. 

Bad welding is where you apply a lot of pressure and heat to a metal, but the metal doesn't bend and forms a strong enough bond to withstand the pressure.
Islam is a monotheistic religion. Christianity is a syncretic religion. 

Judeo-Christian god is the Judeo-Jewish god, and Islam is the Muslim god.
I think it has to do with the way the car is designed. 

When you're driving in top gear, you're using a lot of power to push the car forward.  You're not using as much power to accelerate as you are to slow it down, so it's easier for the car to keep up with the car in front of you.

If you're going in a straight line, your car is going to be going at the same speed as the car behind you, so you have to use a lot more power to slow the car down.  If you're in a circle
The key is generated by the software developer. 

The software developer has a set of public keys that they use to generate the software.  The software developer uses the public key to make sure that the software can be run on the computer.

When you download the software, the software installer asks you to input the key.  If the key is valid, then the software will be able to run on your computer.  This is done by using a software developer's public key, which is stored in the software's source code.  When the software is installed, the installer will ask you to enter
The temperature of a 300 degree flame is the same as the temperature of the 300 degree mass of the flame.

If you combine two 300 degree flames, the temperature will increase by 600 degrees.
When you heat up a piece of meat, the moisture in the meat evaporates, and the liquid that is left in it evaporates as well. When it's heated up, the liquid is still there, but it's not as liquid as it was before.
Reddit has a lot of text based content, so they have a lot more bandwidth than Facebook.

Facebook, on the other hand, has millions of users and rich media content. 

They also have a huge amount of servers, which means they have to keep up with the traffic.
They don't. 

The ink in a refilled cartridge is not the same as the one that was used before.  The ink in the cartridge is the same, but the ink on the paper is different.  When you fill the cartridge with new ink, the printer checks to see if it has the same amount of ink.  If it doesn't, it will tell you that the printer is using a different toner.
The Phantom of the Opera was written in the 17th century, and it was a very important part of the plot. 

Raoul's hand is supposed to be at the level of his eyes, so that he can see his reflection in the mirror.

He's also supposed to keep his hand at the same level as his eyes so that when he looks into them, he doesn't accidentally touch them with his other hand.
Ghostery and online tracking are two different things. 

Ghostery is when someone uses your computer to try to find you.  They use your location, your phone number, your email address, your social security number, etc.

Online tracking is when they use your computer's location to track you.
Toothpaste is a mixture of calcium and phosphoric acid. 

When you brush your teeth, you are removing a layer of enamel, which is the outermost layer of the enamel that protects your teeth.

Toothpastes are made up of a bunch of different chemicals that dissolve in your saliva, and when they do this, they dissolve the calcium and phosphate in your enamel. This is called "decaying".

If you don't use enough enamel restoring toothpaste, you will start to lose enamel and it will eventually fall away.
Well witching is the art of using water as a medium to communicate with spirits.

When you drink from a well, you are literally speaking directly to the spirits in the water. 

If you are talking to a spirit in the well, the water is the medium, and the spirits are communicating with you through the water, and you are the medium.
The plastic gun is made of plastic. 

The X ray machine can't see the plastic gun because it's not moving.
Helicopters are more maneuverable than fighter jets. They can take off and land vertically, and they have a longer range than jets, so they can carry more cargo.

Jets are designed to take off vertically and land horizontally, which means that they need to be able to carry a lot of fuel to do so. They also require a lot more fuel to maintain their speed, which makes them less efficient.
They don't hire child actors. They hire adult actors. 

There are laws against child labor in the US, but the laws vary from state to state.
Dentistry is a specialized service that is not covered by the universal health care system.

Dentists don't want to charge a lot of money for it, and they don't make enough to pay for it.
He wanted to enforce an agrarian society. 

He didn't want to be a dictator, he wanted to be an autocrat.
The pipes that lead to our houses are insulated, so they don't freeze when it gets too cold. 

The pipes leading to the outside of your house are insulated so they can't freeze, but the pipes leading into your house can freeze.
FX rigging is the rigging of a scene to make it look more realistic. 

For example, if you have a scene where a character is walking down the street, you might want to have a camera in front of the character so that you can see how they are walking.

FX rigging can also be used to make the character appear to be walking in slow motion, or slow down, or even slow down the character to make them appear to slow down.
They don't take their criticism into consideration because they don't want to lose customers.

Comcast and Ubisoft don't care about their customers, they care about making money.
They don't. 

They sell shares of their stock to investors.  They don't make any money on the stock, they sell it to the public market.  The stock is worth a lot of money, but they don't actually make any profit on it.

The stock is sold at a loss, so they have to pay back their investors.
It's not that the US was off the gold reserve, it's that the dollar was overvalued.

The gold reserve was a way for the US to control the exchange rate between the US dollar and gold.  It was a mechanism to keep the value of the dollar stable.  If the US wanted to devalue the dollar, they had to give up the ability to exchange gold for dollars.  This meant that gold was no longer worth as much as it used to be.
The "ph" lettering makes an "f" sound. 

It's a phonetic symbol, not a letter.

The "F" letter is used to represent the sound [f](_URL_0_).
The government wants to keep track of who is doing what and who is not doing what.

The average citizen can't stop it.
I think it has something to do with the texture of the cheese itself. 

When you peel string cheese, you are removing some of the moisture from the cheese, which is why it tastes better to some people than to others.
The urge to breathe is not based around CO2, it is based on the fact that CO2 is a strong oxidant. 

Oxygen is a good oxidant, but it is also a bad conductor of electrons.

Carbon dioxide is a very good conductor of electron energy, and it can be used to break down glucose, which is the energy source of our cells.  When you breathe CO2 into your lungs, it breaks down glucose and turns it into carbonic acid, which your body uses as energy.
I'm not sure what you're asking about, but I'll try my best to explain it.

Humans have been cooking food for thousands of years, but we didn't really know how. We didn't have any tools to do it, so we had to rely on fire to cook our food. 

When we started using fire, we had a lot of tools, but they weren't very good at it. We used flint and flint tools to make tools that we could use to make fireplaces, and we used them to make cooking utensils. We also used fire to
I think it's a bit of a stretch to say that you can choose how you react to certain things and/or who they are. 

There's no way to know for sure, but it's possible.

It's also possible that we are programmed to react in a way that we don't want to react.
We use 12 because it's the smallest number with 4 factors, and 12 is the easiest to divide by 4. 

12 is also the easiest number to divide into quarters, which is why we use it as our base 12.

The same reason we use 12 as our standard 12 hour clock and common use of 12 in English units emphasize the utility of the base.
Liquids don't break our force field. 

Absorption is a completely different concept.  When you touch something, it absorbs some of the energy from the atoms in it, but not all of it.
Whiskey is made by distilling. 

Bourbon is made from a mash of corn, rye, or wheat, and aged in oak casks for a long time.

Scotch is whisky made from malted grain, which is made in Scotland, and is aged in casks, which are used in the making of whiskey.
Bitrate is the amount of data transferred per unit of time, usually measured per second, commonly for digital music or video.

Resolution is the number of pixels that the encoder can detect in a given amount of time. 

For example, if you have a video file that has a resolution of 720p, you can encode it at a maximum bitrate of 128 kbit/s, which is about 128,000 bits per second.  If you want to encode a 1080p file at 1920p, that means that you need to encode the video at 1.8 billion pixels per second
The ban on soda was not overstepping it's powers.

The state can require seatbelts, helmets, and put an age limit on consumption of alcohol.
It depends on the sport. 

In the case of the NFL, the NFL is owned by the NFL Players Association (NFLPA).  The NFLPA is a non-profit organization that exists to protect the rights of the players and the players' rights.

The NFLPA has a contract with the NFLPA that requires the league to pay the league a certain amount of money to the league for each player to wear the team's logo on their uniform.  This money is split between the league, the player, the team, and the player's family.  If the player wears the uniform,
It depends on what you mean by "drunk". 

If you mean drunk, then yes, you can do the same thing as a normal person, but you can't do it with hand controls.  You have to do a series of tests to determine if you are drunk.

For example, you could do the one-legged stand test, which is a test of your ability to stand on your feet.  If you can stand on one leg, then you can perform the walk-and-turn test.  But if you don't have the strength to stand, then the test is
I think it's because they didn't know how to write straight. 

If you're talking about writing with a pen, it's easier to write with a straight line than with a curved one.
It depends on the type of wheelchair.

If they are confined to a wheelchair because they have a mental illness, they will be placed in a mental institution. 

In the case of someone in a wheelchair, they may be put in a psychiatric facility, where they will receive treatment for their mental illness.
The sun will go supernova.  It will no longer be visible to the naked eye, but it will still be visible in the night sky.

It will be a white dwarf, an extraordinarily dense object, 54% its original mass but only the size of the Earth. It will consist entirely of degenerate carbon and oxygen, but will never reach temperatures hot enough to fuse these elements.
It's called prosopagnosia.  It's caused by damage to the part of the brain responsible for recognizing faces and names. 

It's a condition where you can't recognize faces, but not names.
They don't. 

They use a lot of special effects.  They use special effects software that allows them to create 3D models of the environment.  It's like creating a 3D model of the world.

It's a lot more complicated than just taking a picture of a tree and putting it on a screen, but it's the same idea.
We can't go all out on North Korea. 

We can, but it's not worth it.
It depends on the estate tax. 

If the estate is worth more than $10 million, then the tax is applied at 15% and the money goes to the next person in line.

But if it's worth less than $1 million, it's taxed at 10% and then the money is taxed at 15%.

In other words, if the estate was worth $100 million, the estate would be taxed at 20% and if it was worth more, it would be tax at 25%.
The Chinese government wanted the Dalai Lama to be the reincarnation of the Panchen Lama.  The Dalai Lama is the spiritual leader of the Tibetan people, and the Chinese government doesn't want him to become the leader of their own people.
The Chinese government doesn't have the power to stop hit-to-kill drivers.

It's not that they can't, it's that they don't want to.
It's called accelerated depreciation.

When you buy a new car, you pay a lot of money for it.  You don't know how much it's going to be worth when you leave the lot, but you know that it will depreciate in value as soon as you leave.  If you don't have insurance on it, you can't claim it as a loss.  So you pay the insurance company for it, and they write it off as a total loss, which means that the car is worth less than it was when you bought it.
Dinosaurs have been in movies for a long time, but they're not as well known as they used to be. 

Spielberg's Jurassic Park was the first movie to really focus on dinosaurs in a way that made them stand out from the rest of the franchise.  It was also one of the first movies to use CGI, which was a new thing at the time.

It's not that other movies didn't do it, it's just that they didn't focus on them as much as Jurassic Park did.
They're called "crackling" because they're made from the intestines of the pig. 

Pork intestines contain a lot of lard, which is a byproduct of rendering the pig's fat. When the pig is slaughtered, the lard is removed from the pig, and the pig intestines are left with the fat. The fat is then pressed into the casing of the sausage, and when the sausage is cooked, the fat is squeezed out of the casing, leaving the "cracks" in the casing.
I think it has to do with scent. If you hold out an object in the direction of your cat, he will walk all the way across the room just to sniff it.
The conch shell has a resonant cavity in it that vibrates with the sound waves coming from the surrounding environment. 

When you hold the shell up to your ear, it vibrates in the same way that air vibrates.
It's because the banana has a lot of potassium in it. 

When you eat a banana, the potassium in the banana is broken down by the enzymes in your muscles, and the potassium is released into the bloodstream.  This is what causes the muscle cramps.

_URL_0_
Right-wingers are the ones who run up and down the middle of the field.

Left wingers are those who run in the opposite direction from the center of the pitch, and play in the middle.



They are the wingers who are used to carrying the ball out of the penalty area and into the opposition's penalty area. 

Right wingers have the ability to dribble the ball into the box, and pass it out to the forwards.  They are also good at receiving the ball and passing it to the strikers.
Think tank is a research organization that performs research and advocacy concerning topics such as social policy, political strategy, economics, military, technology, and culture.
Fire is caused by a lot of different things. 

1. The fire is started by a spark.

2. A spark is caused when a spark ignites something. 


3. The spark is ignited by something ignitable, like a cigarette lighter.


4. The source of the fire is determined by the amount of fuel left behind by the fire.
Firefighters would use water to extinguish the fire. 

The fire would spread to other parts of the building, so they would have to fight the fire from the outside.
The Republicans have more candidates running than the Democrats because they are the party with the majority of seats in the House of Representatives and the Senate. 

The Democrats are running more candidates because they have the majority in the Senate and the House.
The weight of the ship itself is not the same as the weight of water it displaces. 

The water displaces the hull, not the weight.
The floating light things are called [Phosphenes](_URL_0_). They are caused by electrical stimulation of the cells in your eyes. When you press on your eyes hard enough, you stimulate the cells of the retina, causing them to fire.
The housing market in the U.S. was in a bubble in the early 2000s.  

People were borrowing money to buy houses.  The housing market was very hot at the time, and many people thought they could get mortgages for less than $200,000.

The problem was that many of these mortgages were secured by real estate, and were not backed by anything.  They were bundled together into securities, which were sold to investors.  Many of these securities were sold at a loss, and the value of the securities crashed.  This led to the collapse of the housing market
It's not really a political crisis, it's a financial crisis. 

Spain is a member of the European Union, and is part of the EU.  The EU is a very important part of Spain's economy, and Spain is one of the most important members of the Eurozone.  Spain is the second largest economy in the EU after Germany, and has a large amount of debt.

The Spanish government has been in power for over a decade, and they have been spending a lot of money on things like infrastructure, education, health care, social security, pensions, etc.
Fraternity is not an organization, it is a social club. 

If you are a member of a fraternity, you can be charged with murder if you commit a crime as part of an organization.
I think it has to do with the way the English language is pronounced. 

In England, the vowel system is very similar to that of the French, but in America, it's very different.

The difference between the two languages stems from the fact that the French and English have different vowels, and the English vowel system has a very different vowel system.
Yes, there is a speed limit on how fast a human can run. It's called the [Speed Limit of Endurance](_URL_0_). 

It's based on the fact that we evolved to be able to run at a higher speed than we can walk, and that we have evolved to do so in order to increase our endurance.

There is no limit on the speed of a human, but it's not something that can be easily measured.  It's more about how much energy it takes to get from one place to another, and how long it takes for you to get there
I think it has to do with the shape of the thumb. Some people have a "Hitchhiker's thumb" which means they bend their thumb at an angle close to 90 degrees, while others have a CMC which bends it at 90 degrees.
They don't. 

The ATMs are connected to the Fedwire system.  The Fedwire is a system that connects all the banks in the world to each other.  It's a way for the Fed to send money from one bank to another, and the other bank to receive the money from the Fed.

When you use an ATM, the Fed sends the money to your bank, and your bank sends it to the other banks.  If the Fed doesn't have access to the ATMs in the same province as the bank that you're using, they can't send the money.
There is no such thing as "something that the President or a higher official can do that your average civilian can't do". 

The President is the commander in chief of the armed forces.  He is the head of the military, and he has the authority to order the military to do whatever he wants.

He is also the commander-in-chief of the intelligence services, which is the branch of the government that is responsible for maintaining the security of the country.
It's not that salt melts ice, it's that it makes it harder for the slugs to breathe. 

Slugs breathe through their mouths, and when they breathe in salt, they can't get rid of it, so it's easier for them to get stuck in the salt.
Because it's a public record of what's going on.

It's also a way for the police department to get the word out to the public that they are doing their job.
There was a time when audio engineering was done before computers. 

Back in the day, there was a lot of experimentation with microphones and recording equipment.

There were many different methods of recording and mixing, but the most common method was to use a combination of microphones and tape.  You could use a microphone to record the sound, and then use a tape recorder to record it.  This was done in a way that allowed you to mix the sound into a single recording.  It was also possible to record a recording on a single tape recorder and then play it back to a computer.
Vitamin C is a carotenoid. 

Carotene is a fatty acid that binds to proteins in your body, and binds to the proteins that make up your body's membranes.

When you are pregnant, your body is producing a lot of this carotene, and it binds to your ovaries, which causes them to stop producing the hormone that makes you ovulate.  This causes the ovaries to stop working properly, and the fetus will not be able to develop.  When this happens, it can cause a miscarriage or abortion.
It depends on the genre.  

Drama is a lot about the characters and the world they live in.  It's not about the plot, it's about the story.  The main character is the main focus of the show.  If you want to make a good drama, you need to have a good story, a good cast, and a good director.  You also need to be able to tell the story in a way that makes sense to the audience.

If you want a comedy, you have to have the right cast, the right director, and the right writers.
I'm not a web developer, but I can give you a basic idea of how to start a website. 

First, you need to find a domain name.  If you don't know where to start, you can search for one.

If you're looking for a website, you might want to check out [this page](_URL_0_).  It's a good place to start.  It will show you a list of all the websites that are hosted on the same domain.  You can also check out this page to see if there are any other sites that have similar
I think it's because South Africa is a big country with a large population and a lot of people who are interested in sport. 

Also, South Africa has a very strong rugby union team, which is the most popular sport in the country.

I'm not sure about the other sports, but I think it has something to do with the fact that South Africa's rugby league team is one of the best in the world, and they have a strong tradition of producing world class players.
Languages are the result of a lot of different things. 

Language is a collection of words and sounds that we use to communicate with each other.

When we speak a language, we use the same sounds, words, and words that we learned from other languages.  We use these words and words to express our thoughts, feelings, ideas, and ideas.  When we speak another language, it's not so much that we are speaking the same language, but that we have different ways of expressing our thoughts and feelings, and we use those different ways to communicate.  This is why we have
Fox is seen as liberal because they are a conservative channel. They are seen as non-liberal because they air shows like Simpson and Family Guy that often depict liberal views.
The National Enquirer doesn't have libel laws in the United States.  They don't have to have a source for all of their stories, and they don't need to have the source to prove that they are defamatory.

They don't even have to prove they were defamed, they just have to show that the story was false.
Osmosis is the process of removing water from your body through your intestines. 

Your body is made up of a bunch of cells called enterocytes.  When you have diarrhea, the enterocytes are not able to digest the water in your stomach, so they have to go to the outside of your body to get it out.

When you drink salt water, you're actually removing salt from your blood.  Your body is using the salt in your blood to keep the water out of your gut.  This is called electrolyte replenishment.  The salt in the water helps your body
Dolphins have a diaphragm, which allows them to hold their breath underwater.  They also have a "pulmonary valve" in their throat that prevents water from getting into their lungs.  This is what keeps them from drowning.
They didn't enslave Native Americans because they didn't have the resources to do so. 

They enslave them because they weren't worth it.
The Prime Minister is the leader of the party that wins the most seats in the House of Commons.  

The Parliament is the body that is responsible for the day-to-day running of the government.  The PM is the head of that body, and the members of Parliament (MPs) are the people who vote for the Prime Minister.
I think it has to do with our sense of smell. 

When you smell your own smell, your brain tells your brain that you are the one that is the one who smells the best.  Your brain then tells your body that you smell the best, and your body responds to that.  This is why you like your own smells.
We were allies with Saddam Hussein in the mid-80's because he was the leader of the Ba'ath Party, a political party that was very close to Iran. Saddam Hussein was a Sunni Muslim, and Iran was a Shia Muslim. 

The Kurds were a minority ethnic group in Iraq, and they were not part of the Iraqi government. They had been fighting a long time for independence from the central government of Iraq, which was led by Mustafa Barzani and his sons Idris and Masoud, who were the leaders of the Kurdish People's Democratic Party (PUK).

Sadd
The 3.5 mm stereo jack is a jack that connects to the headphone jack on your stereo receiver. 

The headphone jack is the jack that is used to connect the stereo signal to the stereo audio signal.

It's the same way that a stereo audio jack works.  It connects to a jack on the other end of the stereo jack.  The headphone jack connects to an input jack, and the audio signal is sent through the input jack to the output jack.
Humans are social animals.  When we see another person suffering, it can also cause us pain.  If we don't help them, we feel guilty.  It's a survival mechanism.
Mold is a fungus that grows in moist environments. 

Your container of disinfecting wipes was in a warm, moist environment, which is conducive to the germination of mold.
I think it has to do with the fact that we have a larger birth canal and our brains are smaller than other primates. 

Babies are born with a smaller birth canal, which means that they have to go through the same birth canal as their mothers.  This means that their brains have to be smaller to fit through the birth canal.

This also means that our brains need to be bigger to fit into our pelvis, which is why we have bigger brains.
The laws are in place to prevent a company like WalMart from creating their own military.

First, they would have to get permission from the federal government, which is not something they can do. 

Second, it would be a conflict of interest. The federal government does not have the authority to create its own military, so they would need permission from Congress to do so.
We can't make human formula that contains everything we'd need to live.

We can make it, but it would be a waste of money.
The size of the screen determines the amount of information that can be displayed in a given area. 

If you have a 1080p monitor with a resolution of 1920x1080 pixels, you can display more information in a smaller area, which means that you can see more detail.

However, if you have 1080p monitors with an aspect ratio of 16:9, then you can't display as much information in the same area, because the pixels are arranged in such a way that they can't be displayed at the same resolution.
It's not a religious practice, it's a spiritual thing. 

When you are baptized in the Holy Spirit, you are given the ability to speak in a language that you have never learned before.  This is called the Holy Ghost, and it is a sign that you are "born of the Spirit".  It is not a legitimate practice for public worship, although some members exercise the "gift" in private.
They don't.  

They use sniffing software.  It's called sniffing, and it's done by a company called 4-1-1.

AT & T uses a program called SNMP, which is basically a program that connects to your router and tells it to look at the traffic coming in and out of your home.  The software will tell it what kind of traffic is coming in, and what type of traffic it is going out.  If you have a lot of traffic coming into your home, it will tell the software that it's coming from your router.
Honey is made of glucose oxidase, which is an enzyme found in the stomach of bees. This enzyme breaks down glucose into two byproducts: gluconic acid and hydrogen peroxide. These byproducts inhibit bacteria from growing in the honey, which makes it safe to eat.
I'm not sure what you mean by "top to bottom". 

If you're reading top to bottom, you're looking at the bottom of the text box, not the top.

In Japanese, there's no space between letters, so you can't read the bottom.
It's not so easy to pirate Android apps. 

The Android market is very small, and there are a lot of people who don't have access to the Google Play store, so it's very easy to find pirated apps.
Sperm size is determined by the size of mitochondria in the sperm. The size of the mitochondria determines how much energy the sperm has. 

The size of sperm depends on a lot of things, but the most important one is the amount of energy it has. The more energy a sperm has, the more motile it is, and the better it is at reproducing.
I think it has to do with the way your brain works. When you're asleep, your brain has a lot of time to process the information it receives from the night before, so it's more likely to process it in a way that makes it seem more "real" to you in the morning.
Graffiti is a way for people to express themselves. 

It's a way to get people to notice them, and it's a form of art.

People tag things because they want to be noticed, and because it's an easy way for them to make a name for themselves.
Calories are a unit of energy. It is defined as one kilocalorie of energy (1000 thermochemical gram calories) per one mole of substance, that is, per Avogadro's number of particles.
I think it has to do with the fact that police cars are becoming more and more visible. 

In the past, police cars were very visible because they were often the first cars on the scene of a crime.

Now, they are becoming less and less visible because there are so many other cars in the area, and they have to travel at a much faster rate of speed to keep up with the cars in front of them.
Eyes are made up of a bunch of tiny little tubes called rods and cones.  When you drink water, you're using them to keep the water out of your eyes.

Eyes, on the other hand, have a lot of tiny holes in them.  These holes are filled with water, and when you drink it, the water goes through them, but when you apply an eyedrops, the holes are sealed off.  This makes it easier for the water to get through.  

When you drink a glass of water, it goes through the holes in your eyes, but
He's not senile, he's just old. 

The other 3 dogs are just mean to him because they don't like him.
Hegemony refers to a system of rule based on administrative and military personnel, who were responsible only to the ruling class.

Counter-hegemony is a challenge to that system.
Yes, they always print in the same material. 

It's not really useful for all purposes, but it is useful for some purposes.

For example, if you want to make a clock, you can use a 3D printer to make it out of plastic.  You can use it to print a clock face, a clock tower, or a clock that is made out of wood.
The speed of light in space is 299,792,458 meters per second.

Radio waves propagate in vacuum at the speed of sound, but not in space. 

Laser light travels at 299.792 million km/s, which is about the same as radio waves.
You can get a urinary tract infection if you have sex and then don't pee
It's because the video is recorded at 24 frames per second, which is faster than the refresh rate of the LCD screen.

When you watch a slow motion video, your eyes are used to seeing the image as a single image, but when you watch it in rapid succession, your brain interprets it as a series of individual frames. So when you look at it in slow motion, you're seeing the images as one continuous image, and when you see it in fast motion, it's like you're looking at two separate images at the same time.
Lizard Squad is a group of people who are very well organized and have a lot of money. 

They don't need to be caught because they have a large amount of money, and they don't have to worry about being tracked down by the police.
The water in the pasta needs to boil in order for it to absorb the moisture from the pasta. 

The reason you have to boil the water is because the water needs to be at a certain temperature before it can absorb the water.  If you let the water sit at a lower temperature for too long, it will not absorb as much water as if you let it sit at the same temperature for a long time.
Because celebrities are celebrities. 

It's not that they don't get the same punishment as non-celebrities, it's that they are more likely to be involved in the criminal justice system.
I think it has to do with the fact that credit cards are more expensive to process than debit cards.  

Credit cards have to pay a fee to the merchant for processing the transaction.  The merchant has to pay that fee to Visa, MasterCard, and other credit card companies.  This is called "interchange" fees.  These fees are based on the merchant's total sales volume, which is the amount of money they make from each transaction.

Debit cards are cheaper to process because they don't need to pay the fees to Visa or MasterCard.  They don't have
Your body's immune system sends out a lot of antibodies to fight off the flu virus. These antibodies are produced by your immune system, which is what causes your body to get sick. 

When you get the flu, your body is trying to fight the virus off, but it's too late. Your immune system has already sent out enough antibodies to kill the virus, so it can't do any damage to your body.
I think it's because you're not used to it. 

When you watch porn, you're used to seeing it in a certain way.  It's not that you're expecting it to be gross, it's that you are used to the way it looks and feels.  When you watch it for the first time, you don't expect it to look like that.
Your brain is trying to make sense of the information it receives from your senses. 

When you dream, your brain is sending out messages to your conscious mind.  When you wake up, your conscious brain is telling your subconscious mind that you are in a dream.

Your subconscious brain interprets these messages and interprets them as emotions.
It's because the app needs to be able to send and receive messages.

GPS and location data are stored in the phone's memory. 

When you use an app, it needs to know where your phone is, and how far away it is from your phone's GPS signal. 


If the app doesn't know where you are, it can't send or receive a message.
It's called the "girl smell" and it's caused by the fact that when a girl is in her ovulation period, her body produces a lot of testosterone, which is a hormone that makes her smell good. 

_URL_0_
It's because it's the simplest way to represent the length of a line. 

Say you have a line that goes from 0 to 1, and you want to know how long it takes to go from 1 to 1.

If you take the line and divide it in half, you can see that it's going to be 1/10th of a degree, so if you divide the line by 10, you'll get 10/10. If you divide it by 12, you get 12/12, and then divide it into 12/13, you're getting 12/14, and so
The components inside produce cold temperatures. 

When you put something in the fridge, you are heating it up.  
 
When the fridge cools down, the liquid inside evaporates.  The water evaporates, and the liquid cools off.  This is called evaporation.
When you get injured, the blood vessels in your leg stop working properly. This causes the blood to drain out of the area, which causes the area to swell. 

When the blood stops working properly, it causes inflammation in the area. This leads to increased pressure, which leads to swelling.
They don't. 

Crabs don't need to be cooked.  They can live in the ocean floor for thousands of years.  If you were to catch one, it would be cooked to death.
I think it's because of the angle of the camera. 

When it's raining, the raindrops are bouncing off of the ground and bouncing off the camera lens.  It's like when you're walking down the street and you bump into someone and they bounce off of your leg.

It's the same thing with heavy rain.  When it's heavy rain, the ground is wet, so the rain drops bounce off the ground.
I'm not sure, but I think it has to do with the fact that the drummers are hitting their sticks at the beginning of the song, not the end of it. 

I think it's because it's the first time they hear the drum beat, and they're used to it.

_URL_0_
The rest of the world can't cut the US off from the Internet. 

There are a lot of reasons.

1. The US is a very large country with a huge amount of infrastructure.  
2. There is a huge number of people in the US who have access to the internet.  There is also a large amount of people who are not able to access the internet because they do not have the means to do so.
3. There are a large number of countries in the world that do not want the US to have the internet, and are not willing to pay for
It's not that it defeats the purpose, it's that they're trying to make sure that you don't miss the point of the video. 

When you watch a video, your brain has a lot of time to process what's going on.  If you skip the ad, you're missing the point.
You can buy them for under $5.

If you buy them in bulk quantities, you can get them for less than $5 per burger.
Pasteurization is the process of separating the milk from the water in it. 

In the US, pasteurization means that the water is removed from the milk, and the milk is then sealed in a sealed container.

Europe, on the other hand, means that it is mixed with the water, and then pasteurized.
Horses are herbivores.  They eat grass because they can't digest it.  

Horse teeth aren't designed to grind grass, they are designed to rasp it, which is why they have wide, flat teeth.

They also have large, elastic tendons in their hind legs.  These tendons are used to spring the spring action of their large hind legs when they walk.  This causes them to have elastic strain energy stored in their tendons.
Elevators don't need to know where everyone is going before they get on.

They can be programmed to tell you which elevator is going to which floor based on the number of people on the elevator. 

The problem with this is that the elevator operator has to keep track of who is on which floor, and who is going which way, and how long it will take for the elevator to get to the destination floor.
It's not that Bitcoin is supposed to be anonymous, it's that it is. 

If you want to use Bitcoin as a currency, you need to have a government issued ID.  It's a way for the government to know who you are and what you're doing with the currency.
I think it has to do with the fact that the lyrics are stored in your short-term memory. 

When you hear a song, your brain recognizes it as a song.  You remember the melody, the words, and the rhythm.  So you don't need to remember the words to the song, you just need to know the rhythm of the song.
It's because of the difference in refractive index between water and air. The human eye is optimised for air vision, and when it is immersed in direct contact with water, it is adversely affected by the difference.

When you are underwater, your eyes are limited in the amount of light they can see, so they can't see as well as they can above water. 

The reason for this is because the water is more transparent to blue light than the air, so it absorbs more of the blue light.
It's not so much that they need to update, it's that they want to make sure their apps are up to date. 

If you have a lot of time on your hands, you don't want to have to update your app every time you use it.
If the sun and solar system are moving through space in their orbit around the galaxy, and the moon is tagging along, would the actual path of the earth be more of a spring or vortex type pattern, rather than a merry-go-round pattern?
It's a way for the university to get more money from the state to pay for the costs of running the school. 

If you don't pay the application fees, the state doesn't have enough money to cover the cost of the school, so they have to charge you.
The moon is too low to hold an atmosphere for plant life to survive, so it would have to be covered in a thin layer of dust.
It's not that gay men are more likely to be gay, it's that gay women are less likely to identify as gay. 

There are a few reasons for this:

1. Gay men tend to be more educated and have a higher level of education, which means they have access to more resources.

2. They tend to have higher levels of education which means that they can afford to pay more attention to their sexuality, which allows them to get a better understanding of their own sexuality.
Pakistani air space is a very important part of the country's sovereignty. If you violate Pakistani air space, you are violating their sovereignty. 

If you violate Pakistan's airspace, you violate their sovereignty, you will be treated as an enemy of Pakistan.
DNS is the system that keeps track of all the IP addresses on your network. 

DHCP (Dynamic Dns) is a way for your computer to keep track of the IP address of other computers on the network.

When you connect to the internet, your computer gets an IP address from a DHCP server, which tells it which computers are connected to your network and which are not.  This IP address is then sent to your DNS server.  The DNS server then uses that IP address to look up all the other IP addresses in the network, and if it finds any of them, it
Doctors don't deceive / falsify, then why when something is falsified it is referred to been Doctored?
When you blink, the light hits the back of your eye and causes it to contract. This causes the light to bounce off of your iris, causing it to become imprinted on your retina.
The two major parties in the U.S. each have their own conventions where they choose their candidate for president. 

In the case of the Republican Party, the delegates are chosen by the state party conventions, which are held in various cities across the country. Each state has a set number of delegates, and each state gets to choose who they want to be the party's nominee.

The Democratic Party has their own convention, which is held in the state capitals of each state. The delegates are selected by state parties, and the state parties decide who gets to go to the national convention, and who
It's not that they don't want you to buy it, it's that they want to make sure they have enough copies to sell. 

Theaters have a limited number of copies of the movie, and they want them to be available for purchase before they sell out.

They also want to sell them to people who are willing to pay a lot of money to see it.
Yes and no. 

Bolt trains rigorously and pushes himself to his limit on a regular basis, but he also has "easy days" during their training schedule so they won't strain themselves.

He also takes a lot of time off during the season to rest and recuperate.
It's not that they're expensive, it's that they are rare.  Koi and other pond fish are kept in ponds for a very long time, so they have a lot of time to grow.  They're also kept in large tanks, which means that they need to be fed a lot.

Also, they're kept in tanks where they can't grow as fast as other fish, which is why they are so expensive.  If you want to buy a Koi, you need to keep it in a tank for a long time.
Allergies are caused by the immune system attacking harmless antigens. 

Pollen is harmless, but because it's a plant, your body's immune system can't fight it off.
Schedual I, II, III drugs mean and what common drugs are in which category?
It's not a global site, it's a regional site. 

Reddit is a TLD, which means that it's hosted in a country where it's not accessible to everyone.

So if you go to reddit.com and search for "reddit" in English, you'll get a list of all the subreddits that are accessible in English.
Trancendentalism is the belief that there is a higher power or higher power that exists in the universe. 

Trance is a term used to refer to a state of consciousness where you are not aware of your surroundings, but are aware of what is going on around you.

For example, if you are in a movie theater, you are watching a movie, and the lights are on, but you can't see the screen. You can't hear the sound of the music, but your brain is aware of everything around you, and you are aware that you are being watched by a higher
I'm not sure what you mean by "why would they want to buy Berkshire Hathaway's stock if they never pay dividends".

Berkshire Hathaway is a publicly traded company. They pay dividends, but they don't have to pay them.

If you want to invest in a company that pays dividends, you have to be willing to pay a lot of money in order to get a share of the company's profits. If you don't want to do that, you can't invest in the company.
Nipon is Japanese for Japan, and Germany is German for Germany.
It is illegal to convince someone that they've committed a crime, even if no crime was committed in the process of convincing them.

If you convince someone of their guilt, you must prove beyond a reasonable doubt that they did not commit the crime. 

But if you convince them that they have committed the crime, you can't force them to testify against themselves.
The US has a different system of government than the EU. The US has direct democracy, whereas the EU has a parliamentary system.

In the US, the President of the US Congress is elected directly by the people, while in the EU the Parliament is elected by the members of the European Parliament, which is the parliament of the supranational European Union. 

This means that there is a lot of time for the parties to campaign and get their message out to the people.  In the European Union, the Parliament (Parliament) is the legislature of the EU, and the President is the
They wear the arm bands to protect themselves from enemy fire. 

It's not that they're a bigger target for the enemy, it's that they are the first responder to the scene of the attack.  If they don't have a medic arm band, they're not going to be able to help the wounded.
Most prisons are not allowed to have access to the internet.

There are a lot of reasons for this, but the main one is that it is a violation of the First Amendment, which prohibits the use of electronic devices for illegal purposes. 

In other words, it is against the law for the government to allow people to use electronic devices in prison.
I think it has to do with the fact that they were in a monogamous relationship for a long time. 

When you're in a long-term relationship, you have a lot of time to get used to each other's needs and wants.  You have to learn how to communicate with each other and how to work together.  If you don't have time to do that, it can lead to resentment and resentment builds up.
The pixels are not off, they are just not "off". 

When you see black pixels, you are seeing a pattern of light bouncing off of them.  If you have a black screen, the light bounces off of the pixels, but the pixels aren't off.

If you have an LCD screen, you're seeing the light bounce off the pixels.  The pixels are off, but they are not "on".  They are just reflecting the light off of each other.  This is why LCD screens are so good at showing black, because they reflect the light back to the screen.
I think it's because when you chew, your jaw muscles are contracting, which causes your jaw to jerk, which makes your teeth click.
Jizz is made up of a bunch of water molecules. When it gets wet, the water molecules get trapped in the pores of the jizz, which causes it to become coagulated.
It doesn't know how to compute boolean operations, it just knows how to store boolean operations.

If you want to know how a boolean operation works, you need to look at the instruction set of the processor. 

For example, let's say you have two boolean operations:

1. Add (1,2)

2. Subtract (2,3).

Now, the processor knows that if you add 2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14,15,16,17,
It's not that they were miracles, it's that they weren't believed to be miracles at all back then. 

In the days of the witch trials, there was a belief that witches were capable of doing things that were not believed to exist.

For example, if you're talking about miracles, there were a lot of miracles that existed back in the day, but they were not considered miracles because they were done by people who didn't believe in miracles. 


For instance, there are many documented miracles that have been attributed to Jesus, but were not seen as miracles. For example,
I think she was trying to convey that she was a woman in love with her boots. 

_URL_0_
It's not a technical reason, it's a marketing reason. 

When the Mac was first released, there was a lot of interest in making games for it, but there was no way to make a game that was good enough to run on it.

There was also a huge amount of money to be made off of it, so it's not like you could make a good game on a PC.
Hormones. 

Your body produces a hormone called sebaceous glands.  These are a bunch of glands that are located in your anus.  When you have sex, they release a hormone that causes you to urinate.  This hormone causes your body to produce a chemical called sebum.  The sebum is produced by your prostate gland, which is located at the bottom of your penis.

When you urinate, your body releases sebum, which causes your anus to produce more sebum (the same hormone that makes you pee).  This means that your body produces more se
It's called [vanishing spray](_URL_0_).

Basically, it's a chemical that is applied to the area where the player was hit by the ball.

When you get hit by a ball, the ball hits your head, and your brain reacts by sending chemicals to your brain. These chemicals are called concussions. 

The spray is used to reduce the amount of the chemicals in the brain, so that the brain doesn't get damaged.
I think it has to do with the fact that men's sport is played at a faster pace, but also has more interruptions and brutal tackling than the women's game.
They don't test every year, they test every two or three years. 

There are a lot of things they can do, but they don't do them all at once.  They do it in phases.  The first phase is called phase I.  This is when they test the safety of the vaccine in a group of people.  It's a small group of 100 people and they test it on them.  If they find that the vaccine is safe, they release it to the general public.

The second phase is phase II.  That's where they test on a larger group
I think it has to do with the fact that you're more likely to remember long strings of numbers as sequences of other numbers, rather than individual digits. 

When you see a long string of numbers, your brain tries to remember them as a sequence of numbers. It's easier for your brain to store them in your short-term memory than it is for your long-term.
I'm not sure what you mean by brain fog, but I've had this happen to me a few times. It's caused by a lack of oxygen to the brain. 

If you're not getting enough oxygen to your brain, it can be a sign that you're dehydrated, which can lead to brain fog.
I'm not a linguist, but I'm going to assume you're talking about the early days of communication. 

In the days before the modern age, there was no way for people to communicate with each other without having to learn each other's language first.

There was no written language, no written books, and no written records, so they had to learn to communicate by hand. 


If you want to learn a language, you have to learn how to read, write, and understand it.  You have to be able to understand the sounds, the sounds of the language,
It's not right. 

If you want to know why it's wrong, you need to look at [this](_URL_0_).

The problem is that it doesn't make sense.

Let's say you have a set of numbers:

1 = 9

2 = 10

3 = 12

4 = 13

5 = 14

6 = 15

7 = 16

8 = 17

9 = 18

10 = 19

11 = 20

12 = 21

13 = 22

14
When you are stressed, your body releases cortisol, which is a hormone that makes you feel hungry. Your body also releases insulin, which makes you want to eat more calories.

When you're stressed, the body releases more glucocorticoids, which make you want more calories, so you eat more.
Some people have a higher rate of respiration than others. 

Some people are born with a lower rate of sweating than others, so they are better able to withstand colder temperatures.
It is a state of consciousness where you are aware that you are in a dream, but you have no control over what is happening in your dream. 

You can achieve this by focusing on your breathing and focusing on what is going on around you. You can also meditate.
Because the US government doesn't want to subsidize the BBC and other European TV stations.

It's not that they don't want them to broadcast, it's that they want to protect the rights of the BBC.
No, you will not get drunk. Tequila contains a lot of alcohol, but it's not enough to make you pass out.
The moisture in the food is mostly water. When you seal it, the water evaporates out of the food, leaving it soggy.

When you open it up, the moisture is still there, but it's not as much as it was when you sealed it.
It's not about the violence, it's about the message. 

There's a lot of people who think that violence is bad for kids, and that it's bad for adults, and it's a way to get them to play video games.

It's also a way for the game developers to make money, and sell more copies of their games.
We can see HD images of deep space like the Pilars of life, but we can't see hres details of "closer" objects like those we are seeing on Pluto
Russia is the largest country in the world. It's 17.09 million square kilometers include one-eighth of the Earth's inhabited land area. 

It's also the largest landmass in the northern hemisphere, and the largest in the middle east.
I can't sing very well at all although I enjoy it.  I can sing a lot, but I don't know how much it would make a difference.  

There are a lot of things you can do to improve your voice, but the most important thing is that you have to learn how to use your vocal chords correctly.  You can learn to sing in a way that doesn't make it sound like you're trying to sing a song, but it sounds like you are trying to make a song sound like a song.  It's like learning how to play a guitar, but instead of
I think it has to do with cultural associations. 

Pink is a combination of red and blue, and blue is a mix of red, green, and white.

Red and blue are the same color, but they are two different hues of red. White is a mixture of white and blue. So they get their own names because they're two different colors.
I don't know about you, but I get a rush out of being annoying. 

I'm not sure if it's because I'm annoying or because I enjoy being annoying, but it makes me feel good.
There is a huge debate about the drugs used for capital punishment but seemingly no problems with drug used for death with dignity. 

There are a lot of people who believe that the three drug cocktail is more humane than the one used for animal euthanasia, but there are also people who argue that it is cruel and unusual punishment.

The drug cocktail that is being used for the death penalty is a combination of three different drugs, and the drug that is used for euthanasia is a mixture of two different drugs. 


One of the drugs is pentobarbital, the other two are pentobarbiturates and potassium chloride, which are the two drugs that are used in the three-drug cocktail
Fax machines have been around for a long time. 

Back in the day, fax machines used thermal paper, which meant that you had to pay a lot of money for the paper to be printed on.

The paper was very expensive, and it was very difficult to master.  It was also very slow, and prone to errors.  Fax machines are much more user-friendly now.  They can be set up in a way that allows you to send and receive faxes at any time of the day or night, and you can set them up so that you don't have to
Dogs do have accents. It's just that they don't speak the same language as humans. 

Dogs are not the only animals that have accents, they are also the only ones that have the ability to communicate with each other in a way that humans can't.

If you have a dog that doesn't have an accent, it doesn't mean that they can't communicate with other dogs, it just means that they aren't able to do so.
Australia has a lot of experience in this sort of thing.

The last time a plane went missing over the Indian Ocean, it was an Air France flight.  It was the first time that a plane had gone missing in the middle of the night.  The plane was not able to communicate with the ground crew, so they didn't know what was going on.  

This time around, they have a lot more experience.  They know what to look for, they know where the plane is, and they know how deep the ocean is.  And they know that the plane was last seen
There are a lot of reasons for this. 

1. The housing market in the US is in a state of collapse.  Many people can't afford to pay their rent.

2. There is a huge number of people who are homeless because they have no place to live.  They can't get jobs, they can't pay the rent, and they don't have the means to pay the bills.  This is why there are so many homeless people.  It's not just the mentally ill that are homeless, it's also the poor, the elderly, the disabled, the unemployed,
Your body is not aware of when it is time to lay down and pass out, it is aware of how long it will take for your heart to stop beating. 

Your heart is constantly pumping blood to your brain, and your brain is constantly sending signals to your body telling it that it's time to stop working.
Doing leisure activities as a Jewish person on the Shabbat was a way of centering myself. It was a time to get away from the stress of the week and just be with your family and friends.
Temperature is a measure of the amount of energy that a substance has. 

Think of it like this:

If you have a piece of paper, and you put it on a table, and put it at a certain temperature, the paper will lose some of its energy as heat.

But if you put the paper on the table at a higher temperature, it will lose more of its heat as it loses more energy as it absorbs more energy. This is called thermal expansion. 


So, if you take the paper, put it in the oven, and turn it on, the temperature
It depends on the release date.  

If it's a new release, it's usually released in the US.  If it's an old release, then it's released in other countries.

It's also possible that it's leaked by someone who doesn't want it to be released in their country.  It's not uncommon for an album to be leaked in the UK, but it's more common for it to leak in other parts of the world.
When the transformer is turned on, it creates a magnetic field.  The magnetic field causes the iron armature (A) of the transformer to move.  When the armature moves, it causes a high voltage across the primary coil, which causes a short circuit.  This short circuit causes a spark to form at the bottom of the fuse, which is what causes the explosion.
Derivative equations are a set of differential equations that allow you to express a function in terms of its derivatives.

For example, if you have a function x and a differential equation x = 0, then the derivative of x is 0, and the solution to the differential equation is 0.
I'm not sure what you mean by "should you still workout on sore muscles". 

If you're sore, it's because your body is trying to get rid of some of the excess energy it has stored in your muscles.  Your body produces a chemical called lactic acid (lactic acid), which is a byproduct of exercise.  When you work out, your body releases a lot of it.  This is why you feel the soreness when you're done.  It's not a bad thing, but it's not the best thing to do if you're trying to recover from an
He's just being lazy. He's not trying to get your attention, he's trying to play with you.
I think it's because when you're recording a live version of a song, the band is playing it in the same way as when they're recording it in a studio. They're playing the same notes, but they're playing them in different ways. 

For example, if you're playing a song in the studio, you're using the same instruments as you are playing in the live version, but the drums are playing different notes, and the guitar is playing a different note, and so on.

When the band plays the song live, they're using different instruments, and they're also playing
There are three types of female orgasms: vulval, uterine, and blended.

The vulval type is caused by stimulation of the clitoris and the G-spot. The uterine type is due to the contraction of the cervix, which is the part of the vagina that is connected to the uterus. The vaginal type is the result of contractions in the vagina, which are caused by the contractions of the labia.
Tight limbs are broken limbs when falling. 

When you fall, your body is trying to keep your weight off the ground.  Your muscles are trying to hold your weight down, but they are also trying to do their best to keep you from falling too far.  If you fall too far, you will break your limbs.
It's a symbol of the British monarchy.  It was built in the 17th century, and was used by the British Parliament during the reign of King Edward VII.
It's not that we spend so much money on defense, it's that we need to be able to defend ourselves. 

The US military is a vital part of our economy.  It's not just that we have a military, but it's also that we are the only country in the world that has the means to defend our borders.  If we didn't have the military, we wouldn't have a country at all.
Your skin is made up of a thin layer of cells. When you get wet, the water evaporates out of your skin and into the air. This causes the water to get trapped in your skin, which causes it to become see through.
Because Quebec is the only province that doesn't have the same minimum wage laws as the rest of Canada.

The minimum wage in Quebec is lower than in most other provinces, so there is less incentive to hold contests in Quebec.
I think it's because your body is trying to adjust to waking up in the morning. 

When you sleep, your body adjusts to the fact that you're not in your natural sleeping position, and your muscles are trying to get used to the new position you're in.
Humans have evolved to be able to adapt to a wide variety of environments. 

Humans are not the only species that can do this, but we are the only ones that have been able to do it for a very long time.

We have been around for a long time, and we have been doing it for thousands of years.  We are not alone in this, and other species have done it as well. 


_URL_0_
When you cook meat, you are breaking down the proteins in the meat, which is what makes it tough. When you cook it too high or too low, the proteins denature, which makes it more tender.
I think it has to do with momentum. 

If you have the upper ground, you have a lot of momentum, which means you can move faster.  If you have lower ground, it means you have to slow down.  You can't move as fast as you would if you were on the ground, and you can't get as far away from the enemy as you can if you're on the air.
It's because the sun is lower in the sky than it is in the middle of the day, and the air is colder.

Also, it's colder in winter because the ground is colder than in the summer, so it's less exposed to the sun.
Micromill.  Micromill is a type of mill.  It's a machine that cuts a piece of metal and spins it into shape.  

Electromagnetic pulse (EDM) is a similar type of machine, but it's much smaller.

Wire EDM is similar to milling, except that it's not a milling machine, it's an EDM machine.  The difference is that the EDMs are much smaller than milling machines, so they can be used to make smaller parts of the watch.
It would cause a run on the banks. 

First of all, the money would be taken out of the bank, and the bank would have to find somewhere else to put it.

Second, the banks would need to find a way to get the money out of their accounts, and they would need it from somewhere else.  They would be able to get it from other banks, but they wouldn't have enough money to pay the bills.  So, they would be forced to let the money go to other banks to pay their bills, which would lead to a bank run.
Humanism is not a religion.

It is a philosophy.  It's not a religious belief.  

Humanists are not religious.  They believe that there is a God, but that he is not the only one, and that we are all part of the same God.  This is not to say that there isn't a difference between God and humans.  There is.  But the difference is that we don't believe that God is the only thing.  We believe that humans are a part of something bigger than ourselves.  That's why we believe in evolution, and why
Gorillas don't eat a lot of protein, but they do eat a ton of fat. 

Proteins are used to break down fats and build muscle.  They're also used to storing fat in fat stores in their fat stores.
You're drying one piece of wet clothes in the dryer at a time. 

The dryer is designed to run at a higher speed than the wet one, so it will take longer for the dry one to dry.
We can harness the rotational energy of the earth, but it would require a massive amount of energy to do so. 

We can use it to create a magnetic field, but that would require massive amounts of energy.

It would also require a huge amount of time and money to build it.
I think it has to do with the fact that when you talk to an adult with a high voice, you're hearing their voice in a different way than when you're talking to a baby. 

When you're a baby, your brain is still learning how to process sounds, so you can't tell the difference between a baby's voice and an adult's voice.
Calculus is a branch of mathematics focused on limits, functions, derivatives, integrals, and infinite series. 

Algebra is a way of thinking about things in terms of numbers.  For example, let's say you want to know how long it takes for a car to go from A to B.  You can think of it like this:

If you have a car, and you know that it's going from B to C, then you can say that the car is going from C to A.

But if you have an object, you can't say that.  If you have
Your body doesn't "learn" to use less oxygen, it "learns" to take in less oxygen. 

When you exercise, your body uses a lot of energy to maintain the oxygen levels in your blood.  When you stop using oxygen, the oxygen in the blood stops being used, and your body has to start using less oxygen to keep up with your metabolism.

Your body has a process called the [Bohr effect](_URL_0_), which is basically when your body stops using oxygen to make energy, and instead uses it to make ATP (the energy molecule that
Asteroids are very dim and difficult to find. 

They are also very small, so it would take a long time to find one.

The easiest way to find an asteroid is to look for it in the night sky.
When your phone is off, it sends a message to the network, which then sends it to your phone. When you turn it back on, the network sends the message to your handset.
Your cable box doesn't have the bandwidth to handle the amount of data it needs, it has the capacity to handle it. 

Your internet connection has the bandwidth, but your cable box does not.
When you pee, your brain sends a signal to your body to stop peeing, and your body does the same thing. 

When you stop, it's because your bladder is full, but your brain is still telling you to keep peeing.
Your brain has two ears, one on each side of your head. 

When you hear a sound, it travels from one ear to the other.  Your brain interprets the difference between the two ears and interprets it as a difference in pitch.  This is why you hear different sounds in your head than you do in your ears.
I think it has to do with the fact that math is a very hard subject to learn. It's not that you're not good at it, it's that you don't know how to learn it.
Your tongue is made up of a bunch of nerve cells. When you drink cofee, the cofee heats up your tongue, causing it to contract, which causes the nerves in your mouth to fire, causing a burning sensation.
I think it's because it's a superstitious saying. 

"Let them eat cake" is an old English saying that was passed down from family to family.  It was used in a letter from Thomas, Duke of Norfolk, to Thomas Cromwell, as "a man can not have his cake and eat his cake".
Sound waves travel at a certain frequency, and when you speed up the speed of the video, you're changing the frequency of the waveform that the sound waves are traveling at. 

When you speed it up, you change the frequency that the waveforms travel at, but you're also changing the speed at which they travel, which causes them to travel at different frequencies.
The US government is not the one who carried out the 9/11 attacks. It was the terrorists who did it, and the US government was the one that did it.
They don't respond to human touch, they respond to haptic feedback. When you touch the touchpad with your fingers, the phone senses that you are touching it, and responds to that.
They don't know. 

They just know when it's time to wipe.
Tin is made up of a lot of different materials. Plastic and paper are made of the same material, but tin is made of tin.

When you drop a piece of tin on the ground, it will bounce off of the ground and bounce back off the ground. 

Paper, on the other hand, is made out of plastic.  When you drop it, you are hitting it with a force that causes it to deform, which causes the sound waves to travel at a different rate to the surrounding environment.
The hardware inside the pregnancy test is called a transducer.  It is a device that measures the amount of time it takes for the test to detect a pregnancy.  

When you take a pregnancy test, it measures how long it takes to detect the pregnancy, and how many days until the test is positive.  If the test detects a pregnancy, it tells you that you are pregnant.

If it detects a false positive, it says that you're not pregnant.  This means that the test can tell you that the pregnancy is false negative, and that you should stop taking the test.
I think it has to do with the fact that when you are awake, your brain is trying to process information from the day before. When you go to sleep, it is processing all of the information that was processed during the day, and when you wake up, it's processing it again.
Eggs are a very versatile ingredient. They can be used in baking, frying, poaching, and frying. They are also used as a thickener in many recipes.
Mosquitoes thrive in the cooler climates of the equator. 

It's not that we're not affected in America by mosquito's like they are South of the Equator, it's just that we have a lot more land to spread their eggs and lay their eggs on.
We don't have a device that can separate salt from salt water and make it drinkable. 

We can, but it takes a lot of energy to make it work.
GSEs are a group of companies that are owned by the government.  They are often used as a way for the government to subsidize the production and distribution of goods and services.  

For example, if you want to buy a house, you have to go through a GSE.  The government subsidizes the construction of the house, and the GSEs provide the money to build the house.

If you buy a car, you need to go to a dealership and pay the dealership a small amount of money.  If you go to the dealership, you pay the dealer a
I think it's because when you click the red x, the program stops working. 

When you close a window, it stops the program from executing.

If you open a new window, then the program has to go back to the last time it was running, so it has to start all over again.
There's a lot of things about live music that you don't get from recorded music. 

1. It's more spontaneous.

2. There's a sense of spontaneity that is lost when you're recording live music. You can't get that from a recording. 


3. There is a lot more to it than just the music itself.  You can hear the band playing, but you can't see them.  There is also a lot to it that is not captured in a recording, such as the atmosphere, the atmosphere of the band, and the energy of the
We can do a manned mission to the moon and the astronauts return home, but not to Mars and back
The average temperature of the universe is 454.76F.

Ice is a naturally occurring state of water. 

It's just that it's colder than the average temperature on Earth.
The alternator does not charge the car's battery. The alternator is used to power the alternator belt, which is the belt that connects the battery to the engine.
He was a contractor for the NSA.  He was working for a company called Snowden Associates.  They were a company that provided access to a lot of information to the NSA, but they were not allowed to share it with anyone else.  Snowden was able to get access to the company's servers, and then he used them to access the NSA's files.

He also had access to computers that were not supposed to be connected to the internet, so he could access the files.
The carbon dioxide in soda is dissolved in water by the presence of sodium bicarbonate, which is a naturally occurring chemical in the water. 

When you add sodium to the water, it reacts with the carbon dioxide to form the bubbles.
Antibiotics work by inhibiting acetaldehyde dehydrogenase, which is the enzyme that breaks down alcohol into acetaldehyde and acetaldehyde.

Alcohol is a naturally occurring alcohol, so it's not going to interfere with any type of antibiotic. However, there are certain types of antibiotics that cause a disulfiram-like reaction with alcohol, which may result in vomiting, nausea, and shortness of breath.
We can give dogs a mosquito repellent pill, but they don't make one for people.

Dogs don't have the same immune system as humans, so they can't get the same effect.
Humans have one set of eyes. 

The reason we have 1 set of eyelids is because we are born with a single eye.  We have two eyes in the back of our heads.  When we are first born, our eyes are fused together.  This means that we can't move our eyes, so we have to use one eye to blink.  
 
We also have a third eye, which is used for blinking.  It's called a nictitating membrane, and it's made of a thin membrane that is lubricated by a third transparent membrane that moves horizontally
It depends on the strength of the person being hit. 

If you hit someone in the back of the head from behind, it will knock them unconscious, but if you hit them in the front of their head, it won't knock them out.
Processors are made of a lot of different things. 

First, they're made of different materials.

In the case of CPUs, the most important thing is the size of the transistors.  The more transistors you have, the bigger the number of transistors, the more power you have.  So, if you make a chip that has a million transistors on it, you're going to need a lot more power to make it work.  If you have a chip with a few hundred transistors and you make it smaller, you can make it run faster, but you're
Over the Counter Medicines and their Uses:

1. They're not all the same.

There are many different types of over-the-counter drugs. 

For example, there are many types of anti-diarrheal drugs that are sold over the counter.  They are sold in different forms, and have different effects.  Some are sold as antihistamines, some as anti-depressants, some are anti-oxidants, and some are anticholinergics.  These are all different, and are not all used the same way.
Copy right is a legal concept that allows you to sue a patent holder for patent infringement. 

A patent is not a legal right, it's a legal obligation.

The patent holder has the right to sue the patent holder if they infringe on the patent.  If they do, they can sue them in court, and if they win, they get to keep the patent for 20 years.
I think it has to do with the way the book is printed.  

When the pages are printed, they are printed on a sheet of paper that is folded in half.  The edges of the paper are cut out so that they line up with the rest of the page.  This means that the edges are not perfectly flush.

The edges of a book are cut in such a way that they don't line up perfectly with each other.  If the edges aren't perfectly flush, the book will look uneven.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it has to do with the fact that when you stop using a language, you lose the ability to understand it. 

When you learn a new language, your brain has a lot of new information to process, and it takes a while for it to process that new information. It's like when you learn something new, it takes time for your brain to get used to it.
It's not that it's a big goal for Americans, it's because it's the American dream.

The American dream is to be able to move out of your parent's home and have a place of your own.  It's not about the money, but about the freedom to do what you want with your life.
Yes, you can. 

If you own 100% of the house, you need to pay a down payment of at least 20% to qualify for a mortgage.  If you don't own 100%, you can't get a mortgage on a second house until you pay off the first house.
It's not a measurement, it's a standard. 

The size of a font is determined by the size of the font itself.  It's a measure of how much space it takes up.  If you have a font that is 12x12x12, it is 12.5x12.5 inches, and if you have one that is 10x10x10, it will be 12x10 inches.

If you want to make a 12x11x12 font, you have to make sure that the font is the same size as the font you want it to be.
If you don't file your taxes on time, you're not going to get a refund. 

If you do, it's because you didn't pay enough taxes.
The truth is that they don't make money to fund ads, they make money from advertising. 

Tobacco companies make money by selling cigarettes to people who don't want to buy them.

#thetruth is a group of people who are trying to expose the truth about the tobacco industry.
They don't check for people in radius of atomic weapon test. They don't know.

The military doesn't have the resources to do so.
The US is not writing the trade agreement, it is the other way around. 

The US government is writing the agreement.  The other countries are writing it.  They are not writing it, the US is writing it for them.
Yale has a lot of problems. 

1. They have a large number of students who don't get enough credit for their courses.  
2. They don't have enough money to pay for all of the courses they teach, so they have to cut classes.

3. They are not hiring enough professors to cover all the classes they teach.  They are also not hiring the right people to teach them.  This means that they are not getting the best professors they need to teach their courses, and the students aren't getting the education they need. 


4. They
I think it's because your brain is trying to tell you that you're in danger. 

Your brain has a "fight or flight" response.  If you see a person high up, it's telling your brain that they are in danger, and your brain wants you to take action.

If you see someone low down, your brain tells you that they're safe, but your heart rate increases and your blood pressure goes up.
The bottle is filled with hydrogen gas, and the water is being pushed out of the bottle by the pressure of the water. The pressure causes the bottle to expand, which causes it to explode.

_URL_0_
It's not entirely due to their inability to mate without wives, or other causes as well
Some strains of marijuana are derived from the resin of the plant. 

The resin is extracted from the plant by the plant's bark.  The resin has a strong smell, which is what gives them their sweet taste.

Root beer, blueberry, and other root crops are also derived from resin.
Because life insurance is a loan.  It's not a loan, it's an investment.  

When you buy a life insurance policy, you pay a monthly amount of money to the insurance company.  The life insurance company then uses that money to pay you out over the life of the policy.  If you die before the life insurance runs out, they will give you a lump sum of money.

If you don't have life insurance, you can't get that lump sum back.  You have to pay the company back the money they gave you in the first 10 years of the life
They didn't. 

Dental care was not that important back then.  It was just a matter of hygiene.  If you didn't have proper dental care, your teeth would eventually fall out.

The best way to keep your teeth from rotting out was to eat a lot of bracken root.  Bracken roots are very hardy and have a long shelf life, so they don't completely rot out.
I think it has to do with the fact that when you are feeling bad, your body is trying to take in as much oxygen as it can. When you take a deep breath, your lungs are trying to get rid of the excess CO2 in your blood, which makes you feel better.
When you imagine something, your brain is trying to make sense of what you're seeing. 

Imagine you're walking down the street, and you see a bunch of cars.  You walk past them, and your brain says, "Hey, that's a car!"  So your brain tries to figure out what's going on, and what's in the back of your head.

When you're imagining something, you're using your brain's ability to recognize patterns.  Your brain recognizes patterns because it's been trained to recognize them.  So when you imagine a car, it's telling your brain that
Binary information is stored in binary. 

Think of it like this:

Say you have a piece of paper with a bunch of numbers written on it.  You can write down the number 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 35, 36, 37, 38, 39, 40, etc.

When you write a program, you write down all the numbers on the paper, and you write them down in binary
Region lock is not beneficial for anyone.

It is beneficial for game developers because it makes it harder for them to sell their games to people outside of their region. 

If you're selling a game in a region where it costs more to sell it, you can't sell it to people in the other regions.
It's not that swords are rare, it's that they're rare because they're not used anymore. 

In the days of the Roman Empire, swords were used to defend against the Romans and the Romans used them to defend themselves against the Persians.

The Romans had a lot of swords, but they didn't use them as much as they used to, and they were not as good at defending themselves as they are now. 


Also, the Romans didn't have as many swords as they do today, so the swords that were used in the Roman empire were not used as much.
I'm not sure what you mean by "well produced", but I'll give it a shot.

If it's well produced, it means that the music is produced in a way that makes it sound good. 

For example, if you're listening to a band like The Cure, you're looking for a song that has a good beat, a good guitar riffs, and a good bass line.  You're also looking for an instrumentation that is consistent and consistent.  If it's produced well, you'll notice that there are a lot of different instruments on the album, and the
Principle components analysis is when you look at the relationship between the components of a system. 

For example, if you have a piece of metal, and you want to know how much it weighs, you can look at how much weight it has in the system.

If you have something that weighs a lot, you could look at it as a sum of the weight of all the components, and find out how much each of them weighs in relation to the other components. For example, say you have two pieces of metal that weigh the same, but one of them is heavier than the other.
The Canadian government is suing the cell phone companies because they don't want to have to pay for cell phone contracts. 

The government is trying to force the companies to change their contract terms so that they can't charge more for the same service.
Tax Evasion is when you don't pay taxes on income you earn.

Tax Avoidance is where you pay tax on income that you earn but don't report it to the government.
They don't. 

The bullet is reflected off of the screen.  It's not reflected off the screen, it's reflected back into the air.  If the bullet hits the ground, it bounces off the ground.
Reddit has been using the old algorithm for a long time. 

The problem is that it's not very fast.

It takes a lot of time to sort a bunch of data, and if you have a large data set like reddit has, it's going to take a lot longer to sort it.
There are a lot of people who believe that the evidence for global warming is not 100% solid, and that it is not caused by human activity. 

There are also some people who don't believe that human activity is causing global warming, and are trying to use it as an excuse to deny the existence of climate change.

Some of these people are funded by fossil fuel companies, some by the oil industry, and some by a few individuals who are funded in part by the fossil fuel industry.
I think it has something to do with the fact that hamsters can't stand to be confined in a cage for long periods of time, so they prefer to run on wheels. 

_URL_0_
Single malt scotch is made from the same grain as the rest of the whisky, but it's aged in different casks.  

Whiskey is made by mixing different types of grain with different kinds of malts to create a single malt whisky.  This is called "blended" or "cask aged" whisky, and it's usually made with different malts from different distilleries in different parts of Scotland.
Your body is made up of a bunch of cells. 

When you are dehydrated, your body releases a lot of water, which causes your kidneys to stop working properly.  Your kidneys can no longer function properly, and you will die.

Your body will also start to lose electrolyte balance, which means that you will have to drink a lot more water to keep your body hydrated.  This will cause you to dehydrate, which will lead to dehydration.  If you don't drink enough water, you will eventually dehydrate to the point where your kidneys will stop functioning properly.
When you yawn, the muscles in your neck and jaw contract, which causes the air in your lungs to move out of your lungs and into your ears. This causes a rumbling sound.
The US dollar was created in the early 1900s as a replacement for the three-cent dime, which was not widely accepted in the far west. 

In the late 1800s, there was a shortage of small change in the West, where base-metal coins did not circulate.  This caused the government to issue fractional currency, which were used for small change.

The government decided that the quarter dollar was more valuable than the dime, so it was decided to replace it with the dollar.
They were competing for the same market. 

Microsoft had a monopoly in the computer hardware market, and Intel was competing in the graphics card market.

They were also competing with each other in the cloud computing market, where they were competing against each other for market share.
Deflation is when the value of money is lower than it was in the past. 

Inflation is when money is worth less than it used to be.

For example, if you have $100,000,000 in cash, and you want to buy a car, you need to have $10,000 to buy it.  If you don't have that money, you can't buy the car, so you have to sell it for $1,000.  This is called deflation.  When you sell the car for $1000, you are losing money.  The value of
I'm not sure if you're talking about ancient times or modern times, but I'm going to go with the former.

Back in ancient times, there was a system called the cursus publicus. It was a way for people to communicate with each other. 

The cursus was a sort of relay system.  It was used to send messages from one place to another.  If you were in a city, you could send a message to someone in another city, and they could send it back to you.  The cursus system was also used to communicate between cities.
Tonsils serve two purposes. 

1. They help fight off infections.

2. They allow you to swallow.
The US is a superpower.  It is considered a superpower and its close allies are responsible for two-thirds to threequarters of the world's military spending (of which, the U.S. is responsible for the majority).  The US is also the largest military power in the world.  This means that it has a lot of influence on how other countries spend their money.
I think it's because when you're young, your brain has a hard time remembering things from a 3rd person perspective. It's like when you were a baby, you remember things from the perspective of the person you are now, but your brain doesn't have the capacity to process that information from a third person's perspective.
Pointers are a way to store the address of a data type.  

A pointer is a pointer to the data type that you want to point to.  It's just like an address, but instead of storing it as a raw number, it's stored as an index.  This allows you to do arithmetic on a pointer, which is very useful.

For example, if you have an array of numbers, you can point to the first number in the array.  If you point to that first number, then you can calculate the size of the array by multiplying it by that number.
The five primary senses are sight, hearing, smell, touch, taste, and smell. 

Your brain has a bunch of different types of neurons in your eyes.  Each of them has a different type of light sensor.  Your eyes have two types of light sensors: rods and cones.  The rods are sensitive to different wavelengths of light, and the cones are more sensitive to light of different wavelengths.  If you have a light sensor in your eye that is sensitive to red light, it can tell you that it is red, and if you have one in your nose, you can tell that it
It doesn't kill/cripple it. 

The fly is moving at a very fast rate of speed.  If you hit it with a baseball bat, it will fly away.  But if you hit a fly with a flyswatter, it won't be able to fly away, because it's too fast.
It depends on the type of visa you are applying for. 

For example, if you are studying in the US, you can get a H1-B student visa for 5 years, and you can work in the United States for 2 years.

If you are working in the U.S. and you want to study, you need to be able to prove that you have a job that pays enough to cover the cost of your education.  You can do this by showing that you are willing to work for a minimum wage.  If you are not willing to pay the minimum wage, you
Because they can't. 

A drug patent is a legal contract between a company and the government that allows them to sell a drug for a certain price.  The government has to give the company the right to sell the drug, and the company has to pay the government a certain amount of money to make sure they don't break the contract.

If the patent is expired, the government can't force the company to raise the price of the drug.
Your immune system is programmed to recognize certain antigens (antigens) and produce antibodies against them. 

When you get the chickenpox, your immune system recognizes the antigen and produces antibodies against it.  These antibodies are called germinal center-dependent memory B cells, and they are the ones your body uses to remember that you are immune to the virus.
The water resistance of a watch is not the same as the water resistance in the case.

The case is made out of a material that has a certain amount of resistance to water, and the case is designed so that the water can't get through. 

If you want to make a watch that is water resistant, you have to make sure that the case has the right amount of water resistance to prevent water from getting through the case, and that it has the proper amount of pressure inside the case to keep the water out.
Your brain has a lot of different types of memory. 

There are two main types of memories: semantic and episodic.

Semantic memories are stored in the temporal lobe of the brain, which is the part of your brain responsible for remembering things that are important to you, like your name, your date of birth, and so on. They're stored in your temporal lobe, but they're also stored in a part of the cerebral cortex called the parahippocampal cortex. This part is responsible for storing information about the world around you, but it's also responsible for making sense of the
Communism was an evil concept in America during the Cold War because it was based on the belief that people should be free to live their lives as they see fit, and that the government should be able to impose its will on them. 

In reality, the government was not allowed to do that, and the people were allowed to live as they saw fit.

The US government was able to do this because they had a lot of money, and they were able to use that money to support their military and spy on the other countries.
Sailing is the use of the wind to propel a craft over water, ice, or land. 

When the wind is strong enough to push the craft forward, it will push the sail out of the way.

Tacking, luffing, points of sail, etc..

The point of sail is the point where the craft is traveling diagonally to the wind direction.  When the boat is sailing straight, the sail is pushing the boat forward.  If it is sailing to the other side of the water, it is pulling the sail towards the windward side.
When to use JPEG and when to use PNG:

1. JPEG is a compression format.

2. PNG is a file format that allows you to compress images into smaller files. 

3. When to use.jpg: When you want to compress an image into a smaller file, you can use the.jpeg extension.
Short links like _URL_0_ work because the server knows that you're trying to get to a page that's not on the page you're looking for. 

URL_1_ is a way for the server to tell your browser which page you want to go to, so that you can go to that page.
It doesn't. 

Antimatter is not a byproduct of thunderstorms.  It's a product of the thunderstorm.

Thunderstorms are caused by lightning.  When lightning strikes the earth, it causes a lot of energy to be released into the atmosphere.  This energy is used to create a strong magnetic field, which is then used to push the air up and down.  As the air is pushed up, it becomes more and more turbulent.  The more turbulent the air, the more energy is released into it, and the stronger the magnetic field is.  If the air
They don't. 

They use a transmitter.  They use a very powerful transmitter that uses a very large amount of power to transmit the signal.  It's called a [VHF transmitter](_URL_0_).
Black holes bend spacetime in such a way that the paths taken by particles that reach infinity with zero velocity bend towards the mass of the black hole. 

Imagine you have a ball.  If you put it on the ground, you can see that the ball is moving at the same speed as the earth.  But if you throw it up into the air, it will be moving at a different speed than the earth is moving.  You can see this because the ball will be traveling at the speed of light, and the earth will be travelling at the rate of light.

If you throw the
It's not that people don't believe in God, it's that we don't know what he is. We have no idea what he wants us to do with our lives. 

We don't even know if there is a God.
Diamonds are graded using a system called the [GIA system](_URL_0_).  

The GIA system was developed by the Gemological Institute of America (GIA) in the early 1950s.  The GIA is a non-profit organization that grades gemstones based on their color, clarity, cut, clarity and clarity.  


The gemologist uses spectroscopy to determine the atomic structure of a diamond.  This is done by looking at the light reflected off of the diamond and comparing it to the light coming from other gemstones.  If you look
Baking is a process of convection.  When air is hot, it tends to rise and transfer heat upward.  

When air is cold, it rises and transfers heat downward.

At high altitudes, the temperature of the air is lower than it is at sea level.  This causes the air to expand, which causes the temperature to drop.
Unions are a form of collective bargaining between employers and employees.  

In the private sector, unions are allowed to represent employees in collective bargaining for wages and other benefits from employers.  They also have the right to strike if they want to.  In the public sector, they are not allowed to bargain for wages or other benefits, but they can vote on whether or not to join a union.
The Hardy-Weinberg Equilibrium model is based on the fact that entropy is a measure of the amount of energy in a system. 

If entropy is zero, then the system is in equilibrium.

However, if entropy is positive, then it is in a state where it is increasing, and if it is negative, it is always decreasing.
They don't live in the woods, they live in grassy areas. 

They can be found all over the place, but they tend to live in areas where there is a lot of grass.
I think it's because they're trying to get people to buy their product.  They don't want to lose their customers, they want to keep them.  

_URL_0_
Bands and choruses are a vital part of a school's culture. They are a part of the fabric of the school's identity. 

Bands are a reflection of the culture of the community. They represent the school, the school community, and the school itself.

Athletics are a way for the school to show that they are more than just a sports team, they are a symbol of school pride.
The moon has a lot of natural resources, but it's also very far away. 

The moon is also very cold, so it would be a lot more difficult to build a base there than it is on Earth.

Also, the moon's gravity is a lot lower than Earth's, so you'd need to be able to travel through the atmosphere to get there.
A deficit is the difference between government spending and revenues.

A deficit means that the government is spending more than it is receiving in taxes.
IPv6 is a new version of the Internet Protocol (IP). 

IPv4 is the protocol that is used to connect all the computers on the Internet to each other.  It's used to route traffic between the global allocation spaces and within customer networks between subnets and the Internet at large.
A fraction is a number that is divided into equal parts.

For example, if you have 2 oranges and 3 apples, you can divide them into 1/2, 1/3, and 1/4. 

If you have 3 apples and 1 apple, you could divide it into 2/4, 2/5, 3/6, and 3/8. 


Now, let's say you want to know how many apples there are in a piece of paper. You can divide the paper into 2 parts:

1/2/3

2/4/5
Atheists don't swear on the bible. They don't believe in God, they believe in a higher power.
The President is the head of the executive branch of the government.  He is not the Prime Minister.  The Prime Minister is a member of Parliament, and is elected by the people.  

The President's job is to make sure that the government is in line with the laws of the country.  This means that he has the authority to dismiss ministers and to dissolve the government on his own initiative.
Opiates are alkaloids that are found in the opium plant. Opioids are a class of drugs that bind to opioid receptors in the brain. 

When an Opiate binds to an opioid receptor, it activates the GPCR (G protein coupled receptor) in the spinal cord, which is the part of the brain responsible for pain signals.

An Opiate is an alkaloid that binds to a receptor that is located on the central terminals of nociceptors in the dorsal horn of your spinal cord. When it binds to this receptor, the brain releases endorphins,
Human bones have been around for thousands of years. 

We don't know where they came from, but we do know that they have been in the ground for millions of years, and that they are found in many places around the world.
It doesn't give the terrorist group time to prepare. It gives the enemy time to get ready for the attack. 

If you're talking about a group like ISIS or al-Qaeda, they're not going to be able to prepare for an air strike because they don't have a lot of time to do so.
Eggs have proteins that denature at different temperatures. 

When you boil them, they lose their ability to denature.

If you store them in a sealed container, they will denature faster.
When you are stressed, your body's sympathetic nervous system is activated, which causes your heart to beat faster and your blood vessels to constrict to allow more blood to flow to parts of your body that are not necessary for the fight or flight response. 

When you're not stressed, the parasympathetic nervous system (which is the part of the body that controls your muscles, tendons, ligaments and fascia) is also activated. This causes your knees to get weak.
He was a genius. 

He was the father of modern electricity.  He was the first person to make a device that was able to convert electricity into sound, and he was a pioneer in the field of radio.  
 
He also invented the transatlantic telegraphy, which was a huge step forward in the development of wireless communications.
Shampoo foam is made up of a lot of different chemicals. 

One of the most common chemicals in shampoo is hydrochloric acid.

When you put shampoo in your hair, it binds to the water molecules in the shampoo, which makes it look white.
I think they're going to make tons of money. 

They are going to sell their stock on the stock exchange.  They will be able to make a lot of money by selling their shares at a lower price than they were when they bought them.  The stock will be worth a lot more than they paid for them.
Some people survive getting amputated by slitting their wrists because they have a lot of blood vessels in them. 

Some people get amputated because they don't have enough blood flow to the rest of their body.
They don't. 

They have a set of rules that they use to determine who will win and who will lose.

The rules are determined by a panel of 5 judges seated around the ring.  They vote on who wins and who loses.  If they don't agree, they give the winner a stipulation.  The stipulation is that the winner of the match has to submit to a submission or submission hold.  This is called a disqualification.  It's a way for the referee to make sure that the match doesn't go to a countout.  There are also stip
Baileys Irish Cream is made by separating the milk fat from the cream, and then separating the alcohol and cream. 

This process is called homogenization.

Once the cream is homogenized, it is kept at a temperature just above the freezing point, which is just above freezing.  This means that the bulk water in the cream stays in contact with the gelatin (the substance that makes up the cream) for a long time before it dissolves.
It's called the cheesewire effect.

When you eat cheese, it binds to your brain and causes it to go into overdrive. This can cause you to have crazy dreams and nightmares.
I think it's because the animal was injured in such a way that it would have been unable to move. 

It's not that the animal would have died of the same injury as a human, it's that it wouldn't have been able to move at all.
The Daily Show isn't a conservative show, it's a liberal show.

It's not that the Daily Show doesn't have a conservative version, it just doesn't get enough airtime to justify the cost of producing it.
I don't think there is a scientific explanation as to why certain songs never get old, but I think it has something to do with the fact that we are more likely to listen to the same song over and over again. 

If you listen to a song for a long period of time, you will become more familiar with it. If you hear a song that you grew up listening to as a kid, it will become easier for you to remember the words and the melody.
Yes, they would be attracted to today's woman. 

The difference between today's women and early proto-hominids is that they are much more advanced and have developed a lot of tools and technology.

If you look at the early hominids, they didn't have as much technology as we do today, so they would not have been able to use tools as well.
Timbre is the timbre of a note. 

When you hear a note, you hear it as a wave of sound.  It's a combination of different frequencies.  If you hear the sound of a trumpet, you can hear the difference between the frequency of the trumpet and the frequency that the trumpet vibrates.

If you hear an oboe, or a clarinet, or any other instrument, you're hearing the difference in frequency between the two instruments.  You can hear this because you're listening to the sound waves coming from different parts of the instrument.  The timbre is
Your brain has a bunch of nerve cells in your spinal cord that send signals to your muscles that tell them what to do, and your muscles respond to those signals. 

When you see an object in the periphery of the visual field, your brain interprets it as a stimulus, and sends out a signal to the muscles in your body that tells them to do something, and they do.

If you have reflexes, they are the result of your brain sending out signals that tell your muscles to do certain things, and the muscles that do those things respond to them.
Because the air in the basement is colder than the rest of the house.

It's because it's colder because it has less air flow.  The air in a basement is less dense than the air coming from the outside, so it doesn't have as much room to move around.  This means that it takes longer for the air to move from one place to another.
Marbles are made up of a bunch of tiny little balls that have a lot of tiny tiny little holes in them. When they hit the ground, they bounce off the surface of the ground. Glass, on the other hand, is made of a solid substance that has a lot more holes in it than marbles.
Alarm clocks have a 9 minute snooze time because it's easier for you to wake up at 9am than it is to get up at 6am.
Maxis was making a lot of money, but they weren't making enough money to cover the costs of making the games they were making. 

They were also making money off of licensing the rights to games, which is a big deal in the video game industry.

EA was trying to get more money out of the licensing of their games, but it wasn't working out.  They were losing money on every game they made, so they decided to shut down Maxis.
The end of the pole would not move many light years in an instant if you were to move it a few inches on the ground. It would take a few hundred years to reach the other side of the galaxy. 

_URL_0_
I think it has to do with the fact that our eyes are used to looking at faces. When we sleep, our eyes aren't used to seeing faces, they're used to focusing on things that are in front of them, and when we wake up, our brains are still trying to process what we've seen in the last few hours. So when we see a mask, our brain is trying to figure out what it is that we're looking at, and we're not used to it.
Some people can cry on demand, yet some people can't even after major trauma (Physical/Emotional)
The point of a gun barrel is to move the center of gravity away from the body and give it an ergonomic heft.  

Longer barrels have more angular momentum, and will swing more slowly but more steadily.  This means that the barrel has to be longer to keep the weight of the bullet away from your body.
Coffee and milk are two different things. 

Rockstar Coffee is made with high fructose corn syrup, which is high in calories and sugar.  It's also high in caffeine.  That's why it doesn't expire for a couple months.

Milk, on the other hand, is made from skim milk, which contains a lot of sugar and fat.  This is why it expires within 2 weeks.
HBO GO isn't a cable channel, it's a satellite channel.

Comcast is a cable company, not a provider of cable. They don't need to be able to block HBO GO because they don't want to pay for it, they just need to make sure it doesn't interfere with their other channels.
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy is a book written by Douglas Adams.  It's a collection of short stories written in the first person narrative.  The main plot line is that Arthur Dent, a young man, is hitchhiking across the galaxy.  He has no idea where he is going, but he knows that he has to find a way to get back to Earth.

In the first book, Arthur Dent is traveling through space.  

He finds a planet called Magrathea.  There he meets some other hitchhikers, and they decide that they need to
Mao Zedong was the leader of the Communist Party of China (CPC) during the Cultural Revolution (1966-1976).

The Cultural Revolution was a period of economic and social change in China.

During this time, the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) decided that it was time for the Chinese people to become more economically independent and less dependent on the outside world. 

In order to achieve this goal, the CPC decided to create a new class of workers called the "Communist Workers' Party".

These workers would be paid a wage, and they would be given the opportunity to work
An integrated circuit is a collection of individual electronic components, such as resistors, capacitors, inductors and diodes, connected by conductive wires or traces through which electric current can flow. 

An analog circuit is made up of a bunch of transistors, resistors and capacitors connected by wires.  
A digital circuit is composed of an array of digital components connected to a single piece of silicon, usually a chip.

In an integrated circuit, the components and interconnections are formed on the same substrate, typically a semiconductor such as silicon or (less commonly) gallium arsenide.  A chip is a piece of semiconductor that can be used for a variety of purposes.  For example, if you want to make a computer chip, you can use a chip that is designed to be a combination of analog and digital components.  You can make a chip with an analog transistor and a digital transistor, or you can make one that is a mixture of both.  &  a digital and an analog device.  This is called a mixed-signal circuit.
Chomsky's idea of transformational grammar is that language is a system of rules that generate exactly those combinations of words that form grammatical sentences in a given language and involves the use of defined operations (called transformations) to produce new sentences from existing ones.
I think it has to do with the way the brain works. 

When you're young, your brain has a lot of neurons firing in different directions at different speeds.  When you get older, the neurons in your brain stop firing at the same rate.  Your brain has to slow down to keep up with the amount of information it needs to process.

As you age, the number of neurons in the brain starts to decrease.  This means that your brain can no longer process as much information as it used to.  It takes more time for your brain to process information.
The Electoral College is made up of actual people, not just a way of counting votes.  It's a way for the states to decide who gets to vote for the president.  

In the past, the states chose their own electors, and the federal government appointed them.  The idea was that the electors would be chosen by the people, and that the people would vote for who they thought would be best suited to be president.
I'm not sure what you mean by "Give man a gun and he will rob a bank".

If you're talking about a bank robber, it's more like "Give a man money and he'll rob a store."

A bank robber is a person who has access to a gun, and the gun is used to steal money from a bank. 

So, if you give a guy money and tell him to go to a bank and rob it, he'll go to the bank and take the money.

But if you say "Give me a gun" and he says "
The par score is determined by multiplying the number of holes played by each player by their handicap. 

For example, if you have a handicap of 18, and you play a round of golf, you will shoot a par 72.  You will have played 18 holes in a round, and if you score a par 71, then you will have shot a total of 72.5.

If you are handicapped at 20, then the par score you shoot is 18.5, and your handicap is 20.5

Now, let's say you are playing 18 holes, and
It depends on the type of aircraft. 

Aircraft can be refuelled using either overwing or underwing methods.

Overwing is when you open the fuel tank and pump it into the tank.  This is done using a drogue system.  The drogue is attached to the tank and pumps the fuel into the plane.  When the plane is full, the drogue pulls the fuel out of the tank, and pumps it back in.
If the sights are above the barrel on a gun, how are they accurate?

They are accurate because the barrel is offset from the barrel by about 1.25 inches.  This means that if you aim at a target at 100 yards, you will hit it with a bullet that is 1.5 inches shorter than the barrel.  

If they are below the barrel, they are not accurate.  They are accurate if you are aiming at a 100 yard target.  If you are looking at a 200 yard target, you can't see the barrel at all.  You can only see the
I think it has to do with the smell of your feet. I'm not a doctor, but I think it's because of the smell. 

_URL_0_
The Earth's orbit is not going to change. 

If you jump off the edge of the earth, you would hit the moon.  The moon's orbit would change, but it would still be in the same place.  If you jumped off the moon, you'd hit the earth's orbit, but the moon would be in a different place.
They don't. 

They use a marking machine that measures the distance between the two ends of the lane markings.  They then use a measuring device to measure the distance from one end of the line to the other.  If the line is too far from the other end, they mark it with a marker, and if it's too close, they use a marker to mark it.
They are not natural. 

They are the result of a fungus eating a crop.

The fungus eats the grain and causes it to die, which causes the corn to flatten and form a circle. 


The reason they are called crop circles is because they are believed to have been made by people who were inspired by old folkloric tales about the devil mowing a field of oats.
Java is a bytecode language.  It's written in Java bytecode, and it's written on top of the Dalvik virtual machine.

iOS is written in native code, which is compiled into bytecode by the OS.  This bytecode is executed on the OS, and the OS interprets it.  So, if you want to run a Java app on an iOS device, you have to write the bytecode in Java, and then run it on a virtual machine, and that bytecode has to be compiled into the OS bytecode.
They don't. 

They use their sense of direction to determine which way to go.

If you want to go from A to B, you need to find a point where the ground is level with the ground.  If you find that point, you can use your sense of orientation to figure out which way is A and which is B, and then use that to determine where B is.
I think it has to do with the fact that our brains are wired to be able to tell the difference between "normal" and "unexpected" stimuli. 

When you hear a loud noise, your brain goes into overdrive.  Your brain tells your brain that there is a danger, so you need to take action.  If you don't take action, you're going to get hurt.

If you do, it's because your brain is telling your brain to take a break.  It's telling your body that there's a threat, so it's telling you to run away.
I think it has to do with the fact that your brain releases dopamine, which is a neurotransmitter that makes you feel good.

Dopamine is a chemical that is released in your brain when you are excited, happy, or excited. When you listen to music, your brain sends dopamine to your brain to make you feel better.
In the US, "liberal" means left-of-center, and "conservative" means right-wing. 

In Australia, the Liberal Party is considered to be socially liberal, and the Labor Party is deemed to be conservative.
It depends on the country.

In the case of South America, it's usually through a program called YouthBuild USA, which is an organization that sends young people from the US to volunteer in developing countries. 

There are a lot of different programs in place, but the basic idea is that you go to a university in the US, get a job, and then go to the country you want to work in. 


In Africa, you go through a similar program, but it's more like a job placement program.  They send you to a country where you have a job and they
It's because the program files are stored in memory. 

A 32bit program needs to be able to read and write to a 32bit file, but a 64bit program doesn't need to do that.

The reason for this is twofold:

1. It's easier to write to 32bit files than it is to write them to 64bit files

2. It takes a lot of time and effort to write 32bit code, so it's better to write it in 64bit.
It depends on the artist. 

If you're talking about the artist's label, they get a percentage of the sale of the song.

For example, if you buy a song on iTunes, the label will pay the artist 50% of the sales, and the artist will get 50%.

But if you are talking about licensing fees, then the artist gets a percentage. 


For instance, when you buy an album from iTunes, you're not paying the label, but you're paying the artist for the rights to use the song on the album.  If you buy the album
I think it has to do with the size of the flash drive.  

The 16GB flash drive costs $10, the 32GB is $100.
LTE stands for Long Term Evolution.  It is a standard that allows you to transmit and receive data at higher speeds than 3G and 4G.  

LTE works by using a different type of radio frequency called TDMA.  TDMA is a second generation (2G) standard that uses time division multiple access (TDMA) technology.  This means that you can send and receive messages on the same frequency as your phone, but your phone has to be able to decode the data and send it back to your phone.

GSM (GSM) is the first generation of
The XFiles was shot on film back in the 90s and early 2000s. It was shot in 4:3 aspect ratio. 

When you watch the show, you are looking at a picture that is shot in 16:9, which is a wider aspect ratio than the TV screen.

The X Files was filmed in a 3:2 aspect ratio, which means that the image is stretched to fit the screen.  This means that it looks better graphically because it's a wider image.  The new show is shooting in a 14:9 aspect ratio which means it's being stretched to
It's not accurate. 

It's based on the assumption that everyone in the US is a member of the same tribe.

There are a lot of tribes that are not part of the US, and there are many other tribes that aren't part of any one tribe.
Parallax is the apparent displacement, or difference of position, of an object, as seen from two different stations, or points of view. 

If you're looking at a star from the ground, you'll see that it's moving in the same direction as you are.  But if you are looking at it from the sky, you will see that the star is moving in a different direction than you are, so you'll notice that the distance between you and the star appears to be smaller.

This is called [xallarap](_URL_0_).

Basically, if you
A server is a computer that connects to a network. 

It's a computer program or a device that provides functionality for other programs or devices, called "clients".

A server can be a database server, a file server, or a web server.

When you connect to a server, you're connecting to a computer.  
When a server connects to the network, it connects to your computer, and connects to all the other computers on the network.
Student loans are not discharged in bankruptcy.  They are discharged only with a showing of "undue hardship" or "unreasonable hardship".  This means that you have to prove that you are unable to pay the debt.  If you can't prove that, then the debt is not discharged.
The end justifies the means. 

"Means to an end" is a philosophical concept that has been around since the first century BC.  It's a way of saying that if you do something, you should do it because the end is good, and the means are bad.

The "means" part of the phrase comes from Ovid's Exitus acta probat "The result justifies the deed".
Fiber is made up of polysaccharides, which are fermentable oligosaccharides. The bacteria in your intestines use it as a substrate to break down glucose and lactose, which is what causes the gas.
One of the twin engines is designed to provide more thrust than the other. 

The other is designed for more thrust.  It's called a "supercharger" and it's designed to generate more thrust when it's running at full power.  When it shuts down, the other engine is shut down, and the auxiliary power unit (APU) is used to power both engines.  The APU can be used at high altitudes where the air density is lower.  If the APU is not running, the plane will lose thrust.

It's also designed to be able to
I'm not sure what you mean by "horny" but I think it's a bit of a misnomer.  

Men are attracted to women because they provide a source of energy.  They need to eat and drink to survive.  If they didn't, they wouldn't be able to reproduce.
It doesn't simulate gravity, it simulates the centrifugal force.

Imagine you are standing in the middle of a circle, and you are pushing against the center of the circle. If you put your hand on the ground, you will feel gravity. But if you put it on the spacecraft's hull, it will feel like gravity.
The nerves in the area that cause the pain are connected to the nerves that send signals to the brain, and the brain interprets the signals as pain. 

When the nerves are damaged, they stop sending signals to your brain, which causes the pain to go away.
We are able to accurately measure the distance to galaxies by measuring the redshift of the light coming from them. Redshift is the amount of time it takes for the light to travel from one place to another. 

If you look at a galaxy, you can see that it is moving at a different speed than the rest of the universe, and you can calculate how far away it is.

Redshift is a measure of how fast the light is traveling, and it is determined by how much it has changed in the last few billion years. If the light from a galaxy is traveling at the speed of
The Supreme Court has the power to strike down laws that are found unconstitutional.  If a state law is ruled unconstitutional by the Supreme Court of the United States, and that state refuses to stop enforcing that law, then the federal government can enforce it.
Because we don't know what happens after we die. 

We don't even know why we exist, and we have no understanding as to why we even exist and no clue what we die
"vis-a-vis" means "visit".

"via" is "visiting" and "via" are two different things.

If you're talking to someone on the other side of the world, "visa" means that you're going to be able to talk to them directly. 

When you talk to someone in the other world, you are talking to them via the internet.  If you're speaking to them on the phone, you're saying "hey, I'm talking to you through the internet"

You're not talking to the person in the
Macaroni and cheese is made from a mixture of flour, water, salt, and cheese. The shape of the pasta determines the texture of the cheese, and the shape also determines the flavor.
Bicycles have gyroscopic effects.  When you are stationary, the bike is spinning, and the gyroscopes are not working.  This means that the bike has to lean to keep its center of mass over its wheels.  If you are in motion, the gyroscope is not working, and you can't lean.  

When you're stationary, you have to lean against the front wheel to keep it over the rear wheel.  You're not doing this by pushing against the bike, you're doing it by pushing the bike against the ground.

If you're in
The inside of an atomic bomb is filled with a mixture of uranium, plutonium, and other fissionable materials. 

The uranium is the core of the bomb, the plutonium is the shell, and the other material is called the secondary.
I'm not sure what you mean by "not guilty", but I think it has to do with the presumption of innocence.

If you're accused of a crime, there's a lot of evidence against you, but there's not enough evidence to convict you beyond a reasonable doubt. If you're innocent, you're not guilty, but if you're guilty, the evidence is not enough to convict.
They don't lend money to other countries, they lend it to each other.  

They borrow money from the central bank, which is the bank that controls the money supply.  The central bank has reserves, which they use to buy other countries' currency.  They also buy bonds, which are bonds that are backed by a certain amount of government bonds.  These bonds are sold at auctions, and the government buys them back at a fixed rate.

So, if you want to buy a car, you have to buy it from the government.  You have to pay the government back in
It's not that you're touching the end of the charger, it's that the end is insulated from the rest of the device.

If you were to touch the end, you'd be touching the ground, which isn't a good place for an electrical current to go.
It depends on what you're looking for. 

For example, if you're trying to get into a bank account, you might want to look for a password that says "password" on it.

If you want to get inside a website, you may want to find a way to break into it.  If you're not looking for passwords, then you might look for something called a "rootkit".  It's basically a set of tools that you can use to hack into a website.  For example, you could break into the login page of a bank, find the password "password
It's not the resolution, it's the aspect ratio.

A phone screen with a 16:9 aspect ratio means that the screen is wider than the rest of the phone, which means that you can see more of the screen. 

This means that if you want to sell a phone with a larger screen, you have to pay more for it.
Your credit score is determined by your score on your credit report.  

If you don't have a credit score, you need to apply for a line of credit.  If you do not have one, you will need to go through the process of applying for a credit card.  You can do this by going to a credit union, applying for an account, and getting a letter of credit from the credit union.  The credit union will tell you how much it will charge you to get a card, and how much interest it will add to your credit score.  They will also ask you to
The Great Man theory is a 19th century idea that says that history can be largely explained by the impact of great men, or heroes; highly influential and unique individuals who, due to their natural attributes, such as superior intellect, heroic courage, or divine inspiration, have a decisive historical effect. 

It's a bit of a stretch, but it's based on the idea that great men are the ones who have had the most influence on history, and that they were the ones that made the world go round.
Because Taiwan and the Philippines get walloped by so many huge typhoons.

Taiwan gets hit by a lot of typhoons because they are in the middle of a typhoon season, and because they have a very long coastline. 

The reason they get hit so often is because they don't have the same amount of rainfall as the rest of the world. Taiwan gets hit a lot because it's a very small island, and the weather is very cyclical. 


In the Philippines, they are hit by more typhoons than other places because they're in a tropical cyclone belt.
It depends on the type of animation you're talking about.

If you are talking about 2D animation, it's basically when you draw something on a piece of paper and then use a computer to animate it. 

For example, if you have a character that is sitting in a chair and talking, the chair and the body of the man may be drawn on the paper, but the character's head is drawn in 3D.  You draw the chair, the body, and the head in 3d.  Then you draw the legs, the arms, the hands, the feet, the legs
The needle is attached to a spring-loaded plunger. The plunger is connected to an electro-pneumatic transducer (EPT) that uses a laser light sensor to detect the change in pressure in your blood vessels. The transducers are connected to a sensor that uses infrared light to detect changes in the pressure in the blood vessels, which is then fed to a computer. The computer then calculates how much pressure the needle is exerting on the sensor, and uses that information to calculate how much blood is being drawn from your finger.
The difference between the various types of classical music (sonata, concerto, symphony etc.).

In classical music, there are two main types of music: "classical" and "popular" music. Classical music is written for a specific type of instrument, and is written in a specific time scale.

Pop music is composed in a different time scale, and uses different types of instruments. For example, if you want to write a song for the guitar, you need to write it in the key of C major, which is the major key of the C major scale. This means that you have to
I think it has to do with the way your brain interprets the act of ejaculation. When you get an erection, your brain tells your brain that you're about to ejaculate, so your brain is telling your body that it's about to do so. When your brain doesn't want to do that, it tells your body to stop trying to get off.
Spaghetti Westerns are a genre of Western movies that are set in the American West. They are very low budget, low production costs, and are often filmed in locations that are very similar to the Southwestern United States.

Sergio Leone is credited with inventing the genre in the late 1960s with his film A Fistful of Dollars. 

It's not really clear where the term "Spaghetti western" came from, but it's likely that it's derived from the word "Poliziotteschi", which means "shoot-'em-ups" in Italian.
We don't yet know how to repair spinal cord injury. 

We know that it can be repaired, but we don't know how.

There are a lot of things that go into it, but the main ones are:

1. The nerves in your spinal cord are connected to the brain, and the brain is connected to nerves in other parts of your body, so the brain can't repair them. 


2. The brain is a very complex organ, so it takes a long time for it to repair itself, and it takes time for the nerves to grow back.
I don't know the answer to this, but I think it has something to do with the way your brain stores information. 

When you learn something, your brain tries to store it in the hippocampus, which is the part of the brain responsible for storing memories.  When you forget something, it's because your brain doesn't know how to store the information in the right place, so it doesn't store it properly.

The hippocampus is a part of your brain that is responsible for remembering things, but it's not the only part of it.  It's also the one that stores information in
I think it has to do with the fact that money is easier to use. 

When we first started farming, we didn't have a lot of money, so we had to barter for things like food, tools, seeds, etc.

But as we got more and more efficient, we started using money because it was easier to exchange things for things that we needed.  For example, if you had a cow, you could exchange it for grain, but if you wanted to sell it, you would have to buy it from someone else, and then you would need to pay them for it
It's to show that the officer is in charge of the situation, not the other way around.

It's also a way for the officer to demonstrate that they are in charge, and that they have the authority to do whatever they want.
Chrome can see everything you're doing and know it's you.

Chrome is a web browser, so it knows what you're looking at, and it knows where you are looking at it.
Alcohol is a depressant. It causes your body to produce a lot of chemicals in your body that make you feel like shit. 

When you drink too much alcohol, your body starts to produce acetaldehyde, which is a chemical that makes you feel horrible.

Alcohol also dehydrates your body, which causes you to feel thirsty and dehydrated.
The CEO is the head of the company.  He or she is responsible for all the day-to-day operations of the business.  

He/she is also responsible for managing the company's finances, hiring and firing employees, and managing the board of directors.
Because they're not built for gaming. 

They're built for workstation use, not gaming.
Your phone is powered by a lithium ion battery. 

The lithium ion batteries in phones are very small and have a very small capacity.  They are designed to last a very long time, so if you leave them on for too long, they will eventually die.

When you turn the phone off, the battery will start to die.  If you leave the phone on for a long period of time, it will eventually run out of power.
Gold is a noble metal, meaning that it has a higher melting point than other metals.  This means that it is more resistant to corrosion, but not completely.

Gold is also a very soft metal, so it doesn't corrode as easily.
Koch's postulates are based on two things:

_URL_0_

1. The world is going to get warmer

2. We are going to need more money

The first is that the world will get warmer, and the second is that we will need more energy.

This is not a new idea, but it's been around for a long time, and it's not really a new concept in economics. It's just that it's the first time it's really been put into practice in a real world context. 

If you're talking about the
I'm not sure what you mean by "2/3/3 of you ancestors".

I think you're referring to the fact that 2/3 your ancestors are female.

If you're talking about your grandparents, your grandparents are female, and your great grandparents are male.
They don't. 

The bank cameras can't get a clear shot of a robber standing still.  They can get a good shot of people going up to 70mph, but not of a bank robber.
Public toilet seats have an opening at the front, because it's easier for you to wipe your genitals on the front of the seat.

Home toilet seats are round because they're made to fit the shape of the toilet bowl.
Egg whites are made up of proteins. When you cook them, you break the bonds that hold them together, and the proteins are exposed to the elements. When they are exposed, they start to break down, and some of the hydrogen bonds in the proteins break, causing the proteins to "denature" and to aggregate non-specifically.

When you cook eggs, you're cooking them at a very high temperature, so the water in the egg is evaporating out of the egg, leaving the egg white with a thin layer of water on the outside. When the water evaporates out, the water
Chemotherapy works by attacking rapidly dividing cancer cells. 

When you get cancerous cells, your body's immune system sends out an immune response to destroy them.  This is called an auto-immune response.  The hair follicles on your head are the ones that are responsible for keeping your hair in place.  When you get chemotherapy, the immune system tries to downregulate the hair follicle in order to stop the cancer cells from multiplying.  It's called telogen effluvium, and it's caused by a non-androgenic mechanism.
It's not about women's health, it's about abortion.

Planned Parenthood is the largest provider of abortions in the U.S., but pro-choice advocates have argued that the organization's family planning services reduce the need for abortions; in the words of Megan Crepeau of the Chicago Tribune, Planned Parenthood could be "characterized as America's largest abortion preventer". Pro-life activists dispute the evidence that greater access to contraceptives reduces the number of abortions.
The US was founded as a federation of states. 

In the early days of the United States, there were two major political parties: the Federalists and the Whigs.  The Federalists were the party of free trade and limited government.  They were opposed to government intervention in the economy and foreign affairs.

The Whigs were also opposed to the Civil War because they believed that it was a violation of the rights of the people.  In the end, they lost the war and were replaced by the Democrats, who were more in favor of the Civil Rights movement.  After the war,
The moon landing was the "finish line" of the space race.

It was decided by the US and the USSR in the early 1960s. 

The US was the first to land a human on the moon, and the Soviets were the second to land an astronaut there.
It's a sign for "I don't know what you're talking about". 

_URL_0_
The shape of your mouth is a function of the buccinator muscles in your mouth. When you open and close your mouth, you are using the muscles to push air out of your nose. 

When you close and open your mouth again, you're using them to push the air back in through your nose, which is why you can blow hot or cool air out through your mouth at the same time.
The original game was on a floppy disk.

The game was written for a 3.5" floppy disk, which is a medium that is much smaller than a CD-ROM.
I think it has to do with the fact that in the US, there is a higher tax rate on imported cars than there is in the UK.  

In other words, if you want to sell a car in the U.S., you have to pay a tax on it.  In the UK, you don't.
Fossils are made up of tiny bits of rock that have been crushed and dried out by the process of diagenesis. 

The amount of time it takes for a piece of rock to become fossilized depends on how much time has passed since it was last exposed to the elements.

For example, if you're talking about the Permian-Triassic extinction event, you can look at the amount of carbon isotopes in the rock and compare them to what they were at the time of the extinction, and you can tell how long ago something was done. 


If you're
Corn is a staple crop. It is the basis of many foods, including corn flour, corn syrup, corn meal, and corn syrup. 

It is also the basis for many other crops, such as wheat, which is used to make bread, flour, grits, etc.
There are a lot of things the US could do. 

First, they could invade Russia, which would be a direct military conflict with the Russians.

Second, there are a number of other countries that could intervene in Russia, but they would have to do so in a way that would not be seen as a direct invasion by the US.
It's called a [pressure phosphene](_URL_0_). When you push your eye against a closed eye lid, it causes pressure to build up in the back of your eye, which causes the pupil to constrict. This constriction causes light to pass through the pupil and into your brain, causing you to see things.
Schizophrenia is a genetic disorder. It is caused by a mutation in the brain. 

It is not hereditary, it is a result of a genetic defect.  It is not a disease that can be passed on from parent to child.

The symptoms of schizophrenia are caused by the brain not being able to function properly.  When you are young, your brain is still developing.  Your brain is not used to dealing with a lot of sensory input.  If you have a mental illness, it will not be able to deal with the sensory input that is present in your brain at the time
Some drugs have better absorption with food than others. 

For example, acetaminophen (acetaminophen) is a diuretic, which is a drug that breaks down in the stomach.  When you take it orally, it breaks down into a bunch of smaller molecules, which are then broken down in your intestines.  These smaller molecules are then absorbed by your digestive tract.

Some drugs, like ibuprofen (which is an antihistamine), are absorbed by the stomach, but they are broken down by the intestines into smaller molecules.  This is why they are absorbed
Timezones and international travel are not mutually exclusive. 

If you live in a country with different timezones, and you travel to another country with the same time zone, you will have to adjust your time zone accordingly.
I'm not an expert in AI, but I can give you a general idea of how it works. 

Imagine you have a list of things you want to do with your computer, and you have to figure out how to do it.

The first thing you need to do is figure out what the list is, and how to write the code for it. You can do this in a number of ways, but the most basic way is to write a program that tells the computer what it wants to do, and what it needs to do. 


This is the first step, and it
I think it has to do with the way your brain interprets what you're seeing. 

When you see something traumatic, your brain goes into survival mode.  Your brain is telling your body that you're in danger, and your body is trying to protect you from that danger.  This is called the "fight or flight" response.  It's the same thing that happens when you see a scary movie or read a scary book.  You're trying to fight or run away from it, but your brain tells your body to stay put and not react.  When you see the movie, your
The Canadian dollar is a reflection of the value of the Canadian dollar relative to the U.S. dollar.  

When the price of oil is high, it makes it cheaper for Canadian companies to export their goods to the US.  When oil prices are low, they can't sell their goods at the same price, so they have to sell them at a lower price.

If oil prices rise, it means that they can sell their products at a higher price, which means they can make more money.
Fumes are made up of a lot of different chemicals. Some of them are carbon monoxide (CO2), some are nitrogen oxides (N2O), and some are carbon dioxide (CO3). The CO2 is what you can't see because it is suspended in the air, but the CO3 is the one you can see.

The CO2 has a shadow because it reflects light back out the front of the car. The CO3 has a reflection angle, so it reflects back in the direction it came from.
A millennial is a person who was born in the early 21st century. 

They were born during the time of the dot com boom, which was a time when the internet was a big thing.

The dot com bubble was a period when the economy was booming, and a lot of young people decided to take advantage of it.
It's because when you're in deep sleep, your brain isn't used to the sound of your alarm. When you're awake your brain is used to hearing it, so it's not used to it.
The cells that make the scar are called fibroblasts. They are the ones that repair the damage and replace the damaged tissue.
They can.  Skateboards are made of rubber, but they're made of plastic.  Plastic has a lot of surface area, so they're not as strong as rubber.  They're also made of a material that can't hold up to the weight of a skateboard.
Yes, you do. 

Your brain has been trained to recognize the meaning of words in both languages.  It's just that your brain doesn't know how to translate them.  You have to learn how to say them in order to understand what they mean.  If you learn a word in one language and then translate it in the other, your brain will be able to tell you what it means.
When you are awake, your body is producing a lot of hormones that cause you to feel hungry. These hormones are called ghrelin and leptin. When you eat, your stomach releases ghrelins, which causes you to get hungry.

When you go to sleep, your brain shuts down the release of Ghrelin, which is the hormone that makes you feel hungry, and your body releases leptin, which makes you want to eat more. This is why you don't get hungry until you wake up the next day.
C-section babies have a higher chance of developing mental health problems than other babies. 

It's not a direct correlation, but there is a correlation.

Mental health problems are caused by a variety of things, but the most common is a lack of oxygen to the brain, which is a common cause of mental health issues.
I think it has to do with the way your brain interprets the text. 

When you are reading, your brain is trying to make sense of the words.  Your brain is telling your brain to read the words, but your brain doesn't want to.  It wants you to focus on what you're reading.  So your brain tells your brain that you need to keep reading, but you're not paying attention.

So your brain keeps telling you to read more, but it doesn't know what you want to read, so you keep reading.
It depends on the type of food you're talking about. 

For example, if you are talking about processed foods, sugar and fats, they are more expensive because they are high in calories, but they are also high in sugar and fat.

If you want to talk about things that are healthy, like fruits and vegetables, then you have to look at the nutritional content of the food and the amount of calories it contains.  The more calories a food has, the more calories it has, and the higher the calorie content, the cheaper it is. 


But if you talk about foods
Birds have a fan shaped blood supply system called the pecten.  It's the same as the blood vessels in your eyes. 

Humans don't have this.  They have a very large anastomosis or junction between the carotid and vertebral arteries, which is the largest of any bird's, so they can't move their heads while their necks are cut off.
It's called Chapter 11 bankruptcy. 

Basically, it's when a business is declared bankrupt because it's not able to pay all of its debts.

In the case of 50 Cent, he owes a lot of money to various creditors, but he's not actually declaring bankruptcy because he doesn't have enough money to pay them all.  He's trying to get a loan from a bank, but the bank doesn't want to pay him because they don't know how much he owes them.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it has to do with the way javascript is written. 

JavaScript is written in javascript, which is a programming language that uses a lot of memory.  It's written in a way that makes it easy for the computer to read and write code, but it's also very hard for the CPU to process.

When you write javascript, you're writing it in a language that doesn't have a good way to store data.  For example, if you write something in javascript that's a string, it's going to take a
Scientology is not a religion, it is a cult. 

It is a religious organization, but it is not allowed to operate as a business.  It is allowed to do business, but not as a religion.

The Church of Scientology is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization, which means that they are not required to pay taxes, but they are required to register with the IRS.  They do not have to pay any taxes, and they do not need to pay state taxes.
The point of arresting someone is to ensure that they show up for their court date.  If they don't show up, the police can file a warrant for their arrest and release them.
It depends on a lot of things. 

1. How much green time the traffic signal provides to an intersection approach, how long the pedestrian WALK signal should be, and numerous other factors.

2. The amount of time it takes for a vehicle to cross the intersection, and how long it takes a pedestrian to cross.
3. How many cars are at the intersection at any given time.
4. How long is it taking for a car to cross?

5. If the intersection is busy, how much time does it take for the green light to go from green to red
Hard things like carrots and potatoes have a lot of surface area, which makes them easier to slice and dice. Soft things like towels and sheets have very little surface area so they are easier to cut.

Carrots and potatoes, on the other hand, have more surface area than towels or sheets, which means that they are harder to slice.
The day of the week comes from the Roman calendar. 

In ancient Rome, there were seven days in a week, and each day was named for a god or god of war.  The Romans believed that the day of Mars was the day when the moon was the moon, so Monday was named after Mars.

The Romans also believed that Sunday was a day of harvest, so they named it Sunday.
There are a lot of different sizes of those barrel connectors and they don't appear to conform to any standard. 

The reason for this is that there is no single standard for the size of the barrel connector.  There are many different types of barrel connectors, and they are not all the same size.

For example, if you want to use a 5V jack, you need to have a jack that is at least 2.5mm in length.  If you want a 6V jack you need one that is 3.5 mm in length, and if you need a 6A jack you
It's called the [Mullins effect](_URL_0_).

Basically, when two objects are sliding over each other, the friction between them causes them to "slip". 

When two things are sliding, the surface tension between them increases, which causes the two objects to move in a jerky motion.

This causes the object to stick to the other object, which makes it easier to grip.
It's not that much of a difference in taste. 

Salt is used as a flavor enhancer, preservative, binder, fermentation control agent, texture-control agent and color developer.  It's also used as an anti-caking agent.  If you took it out, it would taste different.
Alcohol-based hand sanitizer is more likely to irritate your skin, which is why it's better for you to rub it on your hands.

Antibacterial soaps, on the other hand, irritate the skin and cause irritation.
A 401k is a tax-deferred retirement account that you can put money into before you retire.

A traditional 401k has a pre-tax basis, meaning you pay taxes on the money you put into it. 

Roth 401ks have a post-tax based basis, which means that the money is taxed in the year you put it in, but you don't pay tax on it until you take it out of the account.
The United States is an ally of the UK, France, Germany, Italy, Russia, China, and the USSR. 

Russia is considered an enemy of the USA because they are the biggest and most powerful power in the world.

China is considered the enemy because they control most of the world's oil, and they are a huge economic power.
Gold is a store of value.

It's a hedge against inflation. When the price of gold is high, it makes it easier for people to invest in stocks and bonds. When it's low, it's easier to sell it. 

When the price is low, people are buying it because they don't want to lose money.
It's not that you can't draw blood from anywhere on your body, it's just that they don't have the equipment to do it. 

They use a vacuum tube to draw blood, and then they use sterile gloves to clean the area and clean the blood before they use the needle.
If you look at a star from the ground, you can see it's position in the sky, and you can tell how it's moving relative to the rest of the sky.

If you take a picture of a star, you'll notice that it appears to be moving in the same direction as the background.  This is called "parallax" and it's caused by the planet passing in front of the star.
Nuclear weapons are made of highly enriched uranium. 

The most difficult part of building a nuclear weapon is the fissile material.  It takes years and a lot of money to get the material to the point where it can be turned into a usable nuclear device.

If you want to build a nuclear device, you have to have a lot more money than that.  You have to build the infrastructure to make it work.  If you have the money, you can build it.  But if you don't have the infrastructure, it's not worth it.
It's called a "liquidity trap". 

When the economy is in a recession, there is a lot of money in the system.  The government is lending money to businesses, and the banks are lending money out to businesses.

The problem is that when the money is lent out, it's not going to be spent by the businesses.  It's going to go to the banks, and they're going to lend it out to other businesses.
Counting in your head is a way to keep track of how much water is in the glass, and how much is left in it. 

It's also a way for you to know if the glass is half full or half empty.
Our eyes are constantly moving, and our brain is constantly adjusting to compensate for this. It is a constant mechanism that remains on even if our eyes are closed, and can be disrupted so we see the actual inverted image.

_URL_0_
It's called Rayleigh scattering.

Light travels at different wavelengths of light. Light at the short end of the spectrum is blue, and light at the long end is red. 

When you look at something far away in the distance, you're seeing light that is at the shorter end of that spectrum.  If you're looking at something at the same distance, the light is coming from the same part of the sky, but it's coming from different parts of the atmosphere.  The longer wavelength light is more likely to be absorbed by the air, and the shorter wavelength is less likely to reach
It's not. 

If x^2 derived is 2x, then sin^2 x derived = 2 sin x.
Your ears are made up of a bunch of tiny little hairs that vibrate when you hear a sound. These tiny hairs are connected to the tympanic membrane, which is the membrane that carries the sound waves through your ear. 

Your brain interprets these tiny vibrations as electrical signals, and sends them to your brain.
Toilet paper is a porous material.  The water evaporates off of it.  When you take a hot shower, the water is evaporating off of the paper, but the paper is still wet, so it doesn't condense.
If the US government turned tyrannical, the military would be able to overthrow the regime. 

The US military is the most powerful force in the world.  The US is the largest military in the history of the world, and it has the most advanced weapons and technology.

There is no reason to think that the US military would not overthrow a tyrannical government.
Black Holes do exist, but they are not the way we thought they were. 

Imagine you have a piece of paper with a bunch of numbers written on it.  If you write down all the numbers on the paper, you can see that they are all written in the same way.  But if you write them down in a different order, you will see that the numbers are written in different order.

If you write the numbers in the wrong order, they will be written differently.  This is called the "information paradox".  It's a problem with quantum mechanics, and it's
It depends on the temperature difference between the fan and the air conditioner. If the fan is on, you will feel colder because the air will be colder. If it is off, you'll feel warmer because it will be warmer.
Cesium is a stable isotope of rubidium. It has a half-life of 9192631770 seconds. 

If you want to know the duration of a second, you need to know how long it takes for the atoms to transition from one state to another.

You can calculate this by measuring the frequency of the transition of the atoms in rubidium atoms.  The transition frequency is called Cs, which is the hyperfine structure transition frequency of caesium-133 atoms.
It's not that it's a brittle alloy, it's that it has to be. 

When you heat iron, the iron atoms in it form a lattice.  When you heat it up, the lattice starts to deform, and the iron starts to form carbides.  The carbides can't be broken down by the heat, so they stay in place.  This is what makes it brittle.

The reason it's brittle is because it's not pure iron.  It's a mixture of iron and iron oxides, which are not all the same.  They're all
It depends on how high up you want to go. 

If you're talking about a fixed-wing aircraft, the wingspan of a helicopter is about the same as that of a Boeing 747, so you can go as high as you want.
Particulates in the air don't increase the chance of precipitation, but they do affect the amount of water vapor in the atmosphere, which is what makes it rain. 

Particulate matter is the same as water vapor, but it's a lot smaller than water vapor.

The amount of particulate matter doesn't affect precipitation, it's just the amount that's in it. If the particulates are higher, the more water vapor there is, the less likely it is to rain.
Hair is made up of hair follicles. When you trim your hair, you're removing the hair that's growing out of the way, which means that the follicles that hold the hair in place are no longer able to grow. This causes the hair to fall out of place, which causes it to grow faster. 

Hair grows faster when it's shorter, because it's easier for the follicle to attach itself to the hair follicle. When it's longer, it's harder for it to attach, so it grows faster.
They don't. Flies are so small that they can't fly full force into the window.

They are also so small because they have so little mass that they don't have enough mass to overcome the inertia of the air around them.
There are a lot of republican candidates for president. 

The reason there are so many republican candidates is because the party establishment wants to nominate someone who can win.

They want to have a candidate who can beat the establishment candidate.  They want a candidate that can win the primary.  The establishment wants someone who will be able to win the general election.  It's not that they don't know that they can win, it's that they know they can't win.
If everyone stopped paying off their mortgages, the housing market would collapse. 

The housing market is based on the idea that if you have a house worth $100,000, you can buy it for $50,000.

If you don't pay off your mortgage, then you can't buy it, and the value of the house will drop. 

 >  If the house is worth $500,000 and you dont pay it off, then the value will drop to $300,000

Thats what happened with the subprime mortgages.
Your skin is made up of oils. When you jangle the coins, the oils in your skin react with the metals in your pocket, and start to decompose. The smell you are smelling is the smell of iron oxide.
We don't lose weight in less than energy used. 

We lose energy in the same way that we gain energy.

When you lose weight, you're not actually losing energy.  You're adding energy to the system.  The energy you're adding is called "potential energy".  It's a measure of how much energy you have left over after you've used it up.  If you're losing weight, it's not because you're using up all of your potential energy, but because your body is trying to use up all the energy it has left over.  So if you
I think it has to do with the shape of the bones in your hand. 

The thumb is the longest and the most mobile, so it is the one that is used for most tasks.  The rest of the fingers are the most flexible, so they are the ones that are used for everyday tasks.
I'm not sure if this is the case for all programs, but I think it has to do with safety. 

When you update your computer, you're updating the operating system, it's updating all of the files that are stored in your hard drive.  If you don't restart your computer after an update, it won't be able to do any of that work.

If you're installing a new program, it might not have the files it needs, and if it does, it will crash.  This is why it's recommended to reboot your computer.
Dreams are a way for the writers to tell you what is going to happen in the story. 

In the case of a dream, it's a way to get you to think about what is happening in the real world.

For example, if you have a dream that you're in a car accident, and you wake up in the hospital, the doctor tells you that the accident happened in your dream, but you don't know what happened.  So you have to go back to the hospital and ask the doctor what happened, and he tells you what happened in the dream.
HGH does not make people's heads bigger. 

Hormones stimulate the growth of bone in the skull, but it doesn't make the skull bigger.

If you look at a picture of a human skull, you'll see that it's shaped like this:

_URL_0_
No, they don't dissipate as particles are formed out of them.

If you think about it like this:

Imagine you have a field of water.  The water has a strong magnetic field.  If you put a ball in the middle of the water, the water will have a weak magnetic field around it.  When you put the ball in, the field is stronger than it was before.  But if you take the ball out, it will still have the same magnetic field, but it will be weaker.  So if you put it back in, you will see that the water
I think it's because your brain sends a signal to your brain telling you that you are cold. 

Your brain sends that signal to the muscles in your neck and back, which causes your skin to contract and goosebumps.
It depends on the context. 

For example, if you're talking about swearing in a religious context, the word "shit" is considered to be profane because it has a religious connotation.

If you are talking about cursing in a non-religious context, it's because it's considered to have a negative connotation, such as "God" or "hell".

In other words, "fuck" isn't a profane word because it doesn't have any negative connotations.
Saliva acts as a buffer between the stomach and the esophageal canal, which is the place where the food is being digested. 

When you vomit, your body is trying to expel the contents of your stomach into the air, but it can't get all of it, so it has to go through your esophagus and back up into your mouth. Saliva helps to keep the food from getting stuck in your throat.
They're still in use, but they're not as popular as they used to be. 

They were first issued in England in the 1600s, and were used by the London Credit Exchange Company to exchange money between London banks.  They were issued by the King's Remembrancer's Office, which was the equivalent of a bank in England.

The purpose of traveler's cheques was to make sure that the cheque was valid, and that it was written by the person who issued it.
Fluoride is a naturally occurring element in the water. It's not a bad thing, it's just that it can cause tooth enamel to pitting, which can lead to cavities. It can also increase the risk of bone fractures.
Amino acids are made up of amino acids. 

They are made by breaking down glucose into amino acids, which are then converted into glucose.

The process is called glycolysis, which is a chemical reaction between amino acids and glucose.
Faxes are sent over the telephone line, not over the internet. 

If you want to send a fax over the phone, you need to connect to the fax machine and connect it to the phone.

You can't do this with a cell phone.
It's not safe to eat steak that's been aged for 3 months. 

It's safe because it's been dry aged for a long time, and the bacteria in the meat have been killed off by the moisture in the air.

If it's not dry aged long enough, the bacteria will grow back and cause the meat to spoil.
Yes, it can still be used to prosecute. 

It depends on the type of evidence.

For example, if the evidence is found to be illegally obtained, it could be used as evidence in a civil case, but that's not the same thing as in a criminal case.  In civil cases, the evidence must be presented to the court, and the court must decide whether or not it is admissible in court.  If the evidence was obtained illegally, then it can't be used in court, but if it was obtained legally, then the evidence will be admissible.
We can make an AI that can beat humans at chess on a level playing field, but AIs in computer games like Civilization can only beat humans when they have access to extra resources. 

It's not that they're better at chess, it's that they have more resources.
EL Nino is caused by a change in the weather patterns in the Pacific Ocean. 

In the past, El Nino has been associated with La Nia, which is the opposite of what we're seeing now.  La Nino means that the ocean is more or less neutral, meaning that it doesn't get as much rain as it used to.

This year, however, we're experiencing a strong El Nio, which means that there's a lot of moisture in the ocean, but not as much in the air.  This means that we're going to get a lot more rain than
I'm not sure what you mean by "amateur modders". 

Amateur is a term that refers to people who don't know how to use professional software, but who are willing to learn.

For example, if you want to make a game look good, you need a good 3D rendering engine.  You need to be able to render 3D objects, and you need to have a good understanding of how to render them.  If you don't have that knowledge, you can't make them look good.
It doesn't. 

The circuit doesn't know ahead of time what the path of least resistance is.  It just knows that the path that has the least resistance will take up most of the current.
It's because the plane is not designed to be able to carry the weight of a human body. 

When the plane hits the ground, it doesn't have enough mass to carry all the weight, so the body has to be pulled out of the way.

The plane is designed to carry a lot of weight, and the weight is not evenly distributed throughout the body, so it's easier for the body to be ripped off.
I'm not sure what you mean by "radioactivity" but I'll try to explain it to them.

Radioactivity is a type of radiation that causes damage to the cells in your body. It can cause cancer, it can cause damage to your DNA, and it can damage your immune system. 

When you're a child, you don't really understand the concept of radiation because you're not exposed to it all the time. When you're older, you do, but it's not the same thing.
I don't understand the anti-vaxers controversy at all.  It's not about the vaccine, it's about the fact that the vaccine is not 100% effective at preventing cancer.  Vaccines have been shown to reduce the incidence of genital warts, penile cancer, and anal cancer.
DMT is a form of 5-methoxy-N,N-dimethyltryptamine (5-MeO-DMT).

Radium-226 and radium-228 are two of the most common forms of DMT.

DMT can be found in many plants. It is found as a minor alkaloid in several species of plants including Mimosa tenuiflora, Diplopterys cabrerana, and Psychotria viridis. 

When you take DMT, you are taking 5-Methoxy N,N,DMT, which is the same as 5-O-METHoxyN,MethoxymethoxyDMT.
Copyright laws vary from country to country. 

In the US, the Copyright Act of 1976 says that if you copy a copyrighted work, you must credit the author of the work.  This means that you must include the author's name, title, and any other identifying information in the work, and you must be able to show that the work is in the public domain.

If you don't have permission to use a patent, you can't.
Asthma is caused by inflammation in the airways. 

When you have an asthma attack, your body is trying to get rid of a foreign substance in your lungs.  This is called an asthmatic attack.  It can be anything from an allergic reaction, to a bacterial infection, to an infection.

If you have asthma, you need to be on an inhaler.  The inhaler is a device that allows you to inhale and exhale air through your lungs at the same time.  If you are on an inhaled inhaler, you should be able to breathe through your
I think it's a cultural thing.  

In the past, it was the norm for men to go to university after high school to get a job.  It was a way for them to be able to support their families and get a better education.

But in the 20th century, it became more and more common for men and women to get jobs in the service industry.  This is because it was seen as a way to make a better life for themselves and their families.
We don't know for certain coloration, but we can infer it from the shape of the melanosomes in the feathers. 

Melanosomes are pigments that are found in the skin, and they are very well preserved in the fossilized remains of the animal.

An example of this is Anchiornis huxleyi, which was found 150 million years ago in China. It had a long, bony wing and claws on its hindlimbs, but also had teeth in its mouth, a long bony tail, and claws like a reptile. The scientists were
I think it was to avoid an overdose. 

_URL_0_

Source: _URL_1_
I think it has something to do with the fact that they are tiny. 

I'm not sure if it's because they are so small, but I think it's a way for them to get used to the sound of stomping.
I think it has to do with the neurotransmitters in your brain.

When you take a drug, your body is trying to get rid of it, but your brain doesn't know how to do it. 

If you eat, your brain is able to release the chemicals it needs to do so, and your body doesn't have enough of those chemicals to do the job.
Your skin is made up of a bunch of different chemicals called DHT. When you go bald, the DHT is released into your hair follicles, and it causes them to grow back. 

Your head is not one of those chemicals, it's the other way around. Your hair is a part of your skin, so when it grows back, it looks shinier than the rest of it.
We have two sexes because we have two sets of chromosomes.  The X and Y sex chromosomes are different in shape and size from each other, unlike the rest of the chromosomes (autosomes), and are sometimes called allosomes.  This means that we have a set of chromosomes that determine whether we are male or female.  

The reason for having two sexes is because it allows us to reproduce more easily.  If we only had one sex, we wouldn't be able to reproduce as well as we do now.
Mathematics is the system by which we understand how the universe works.  It's the system that we use to understand the universe. 

We don't know how math works, but we do know how it works.

The universe is a system of numbers.  We know that the universe is made up of numbers, and we know that we know how to count them.  But we don't really know how they work, because we can't figure out how to make sense of them.
Kurds are a people of Indo-European origin. They speak an Iranian language known as Kurdish, and comprise the majority of the population of the region of the Middle East.

They live in the north east of Iraq, in what is now known as Kurdistan. They are part of the Kurdistan region, which is part of Iraq and part of Syria. 

In the past, the Kurds were part of Turkey, which was a powerful empire that ruled most of what is today known as Turkey. In the early 1900s, the Turks decided that they wanted to break away from Turkey and become independent.
Your stomach is a distensible organ, meaning it is able to hold about one litre of food. 

When you're too hungry, your stomach can't hold that much food, so it has to expel it.

Your stomach also has a lot of mucous membranes in it, which is why you can't just throw up when you're not hungry.  The mucous membrane is called the gastric mucosa.  When you're hungry, the mucosa is stretched, which causes your stomach to contract, which makes it easier for the contents to be expelled.
It's because your body's immune system is trying to keep you from getting sick. 

Your body produces a lot of antibodies to fight off cold viruses.  These are called "red blood cells" and they are responsible for fighting off the common cold.

When it's cold, your body produces more of these red blood cells, which are the ones that fight off the cold.
Grammar is the study of how language works. It's the way that words are formed.

Syntax is how words are arranged in sentences.
When someone is hurt, they are sent into shock. 

Shock is caused by damage to the central nervous system, which is the part of your body that controls your heart, lungs, kidneys, heart rate, blood pressure, etc.

When you are hurt, your body sends your blood to your extremities, which causes your heart to stop pumping blood. This causes your blood pressure to drop and your heart rate to drop, which leads to a loss of blood flow to your vital organs. 


When your heart stops pumping blood, it stops working properly, and your body goes into a state
I'm not sure if there are any other examples of this, but I think it has to do with the rating system. 

On Rotten Tomatoes, Marco Polo is rated at 30% by critics and 93% by viewers.

The rating system is based on the number of people who have watched the movie, and how many people have watched it in the past year.  This means that if you have watched a movie in the last year, you have to watch it in order to get a 30% rating, and if you watch a movie over the last month, you will get a 93
Light travels at the speed of light. 

If you look at a light source, you can see that it travels at a certain speed.  If you take a photon and put it in a glass of water, you will see that the light is traveling at the same speed as the water, but the water is moving at a different speed than the photon.

When you put a photon in water, the water will absorb the photon, and the light will go away.
The amount of energy required to raise the temperature of a substance is proportional to the amount of heat it takes to increase it's volume. 

If you have a kilogram of water, and you want to raise it by 1 degree Celsius, you need to increase the volume of the water by 1 kilogram.

But if you have an object that has a mass of 1 kg, you can increase its volume by 1/10th of a kelvin, which is about 1/100th of the temperature.
Testosterone is a hormone that causes men to grow more hair than women.

It's not that men grow hair faster than women, it's that they produce more DHT (dihydrotestosterone).

DHT is produced by the hair follicles in the testicles. 

Testosterone increases the amount of DHT in the body, but it's not enough to cause men to go bald.
It's not corroding, it's corroding because of the water pressure. 

The water pressure on the bottom of the boat is so high that it's pushing against the hull of the ship, causing it to corrode.
It's a marketing thing.  It's a way for the restaurant to get the word out that they're making a special sandwich.  If you don't know what you want, you're not going to order it.
Manual transmissions use a flywheel to engage the driveshaft, which is a fluid flywheel that connects the engine to the drive shaft. 

A semi-automatic transmission uses a clutch and gear setup but automates the action by the use of sensors, but the driver can still take manual control of gear selection.
Your immune system doesn't know what it's doing, so it doesn't have time to prepare for it. 

Your body has a lot of different things going on at any given time.  Your body's immune system is constantly trying to fight off viruses, bacteria, parasites, viruses, and other nasty things.  When you get sick, your immune system has no time to do any of that.  It doesn't even know what you're sick with.
Hibernate is a term used to describe a state of hibernation. 

In IT/java, it means to go into hibernation for a period of time to reduce the amount of energy used by the computer.

When you're in hibernation, your body is trying to conserve energy.  This means that your metabolism slows down, your muscles atrophy, you stop urinating, and you stop digesting food.  It also means that when you wake up in the winter, you can't eat or drink, so you don't need to use as much energy to keep your body
Mars has a lot of ice on its surface. 

The ice is so thick that it can't be broken down into liquid water.

It's also so thin that it doesn't have the ability to evaporate, so it can only stay liquid for a few hours at a time.
Tax cuts for the wealthy would mean that the government would be able to spend more money on things like infrastructure, education, health care, and infrastructure. 

This is a good thing, but it would also mean that people would have to work harder to get the jobs they want, which would make it harder for them to pay their taxes.
A microscope can't be used to view objects that are far away because the light coming from them is diffracted by the atmosphere.  Telescopes work by using mirrors to reflect the light back at you.  

A telescope works by using a mirror to reflect light back to you.

When you look at an object that is far away, the light from that object is bouncing off of the mirror and bouncing off your eyes.  This is called diffraction.  If you are looking at something that is very close to you, you can see the light bouncing off the mirror, but if you are
The barbs on the stinger do not catch on most animals besides mammals and birds, which means that such animals can be stung many times by the same bee. The barbs do not always "catch", so a bee may occasionally pull its stinger free and fly off unharmed (or sting again).
Euclideon's "Unlimited Detail" graphics engine uses a point cloud search engine, which uses a large number of individual points to determine which of these points are visible on the screen, and then displays only these points. 

This means that it can render a lot of objects at the same time, which is a lot faster than a traditional 3D rendering engine.
Your body's immune system is geared to cleanse foreign bodies that invade your skin, but it's not geared to flush them out. It's geared to destroy them.
It's a cultural thing. 

In the Netherlands, we drive on the left side of the road because it's easier to cross the road when you're driving on the right.

It's the same reason that in the US, we use the left turn lane when we're driving down the highway, because we're used to it. 


_URL_0_
Pizza and chinese food are the only kinds of food you can order for delivery.

Pizza is the only kind of food that is prepared in advance, so you don't have to wait for it to be delivered. 

Chinese food is the same way. You order it in advance and it's delivered right to your door.
There is no "Separation of Church and State" in the Constitution.

The "separation of church and state" is a misinterpretation of the First Amendment to the United States Constitution, which says "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof..."

It's not that the government can't make laws regarding religion, it's just that they can't do so in a way that is unconstitutional.
It's called an image stabilizer.  It's basically a sensor that detects motion.  When you take a picture, the camera senses that you're moving, and triggers the shutter.  If you're not moving, it doesn't know what you're doing, so it takes a picture of you.

If you are moving, though, the sensor is able to detect that you are, and then it sends a signal to your phone.  Your phone then sends that signal to the camera, and the camera interprets it as a picture.
When you buy shares of a company's stock, the money goes into the company's coffers. 

If you buy a share of stock, you're not buying it for the money it's worth.  You're buying it because the company is worth a certain amount of money.  If the value of the stock goes up, then the company will be worth more money.

But if the price goes down, then you're buying less money.
I think it has to do with the fact that when you cheer, you are signaling to others that you are happy. 

When you raise your hands, you're signaling to other people that you're happy, and that you want them to cheer as well.
It's a term used in medicine to refer to an abnormality in the regulation of the overall level of consciousness that is mild and less severe than a delirium. 

It can be caused by a number of things, but the most common of which is brain ischemia.

When your blood pressure is low, your blood vessels in the back of your brain are constricted. This means that the blood is not being able to flow to the parts of the brain that are responsible for memory, vision, language, and other functions. This causes you to feel drowsy, confused, and
The universe started out finite, and it is infinite now. 

We don't know exactly how it started out, but we know that the universe is expanding, and that it is expanding faster than the speed of light.
Google is a search engine.  It's a computer program that searches the web for information.  

When you type in a search term, it finds the most relevant information it can find.  For example, if you type "I want to know what is the best place to buy a book" it will find the best places to buy books.  If you search for "best place to find a book", it will look for the best book to buy.

If you type the word "book" into the search bar, it will search for a book that has that word in it.
Bouyancy/displacement is a measure of how much force an object is exerting on the air around it. 

For example, if you are standing on the ground, you are pushing against the air, and the air is pushing back against you.

If you stand on a flat surface, the air pushes against you, and you push back against it, you're pushing the air away from you, so you're displacing the air. 


This is called negative buoyancy, and it's what causes you to feel like you're falling down.


If you
The "T" position is because it's the most common way for a character to appear on the screen. 

When you draw a character, you draw them in a certain way.  If you draw the character in the "T", you're drawing the character at the center of the screen, and if you move the character to the left or right, you're moving the character out of the way.

If you draw characters in a different way, you have to move them to the "W" position, which is the "L" position.  This is because when you move a character
Yugioh cards were popular when I was in high school. They were a way for you to get a discount on your tuition. 

It was a way to encourage you to go to school, get a job, and pay your bills on time.

I don't know if it's the same reason it's popular again, but I think it's because it's easier to use a student card than a regular credit card.
It's called supersymmetric string theory. 

Imagine you have a string of strings.  You can't see them, but you can feel them.  They vibrate in space and time.  If you look at a string, you can see that it vibrates in three dimensions, but if you take a picture of it, you'll notice that it looks like it's vibrating in four dimensions.

String theory is an attempt to describe the universe in a way that we can see.  It doesn't have to be in 3 dimensions, it can be in any number of dimensions.
There are a lot of factors that go into the price of a running shoe. 

1. The price of the shoe is determined by the quality of the material used.  
2. The size of the sole, the shape of the heel, the material of the soles, and how much of a cushion there is in the sole.

3. The amount of padding in the shoe, the amount of cushioning, and the material that is used in the insole.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm going to assume you're referring to the "Like" button. 

The Like button is a feature of Facebook that allows you to "like" things that your friends have liked.  It's basically a way for Facebook to track how many times you've liked something.  When you like something, it tells Facebook that you like it.  If you don't like it, it doesn't show up in your friends' news feed, but if you do, it shows up in their news feed.  This means that Facebook knows that you
Your eyes are sensitive to light. When you stare at something for a long period of time, your eyes start to constrict, which causes the tears to come out of your eyes.
They don't store the power they generate, they use it to generate electricity to supply the grid.

The power plant is connected to the grid by a series of transformers. The transformers are connected to an inverter, which sends the power either to the battery banks to recharge them or via a panel with 19 circuit breakers, to the HAB electrical distribution system.
The rings on the front of the jet engines are the intake and exhaust nozzles. 

The rings are designed to keep the air out of the way of the intake shaft, and the exhaust from the exhaust shaft.
Yes, plants can have defects from inbreeding.

Plants can be bred to have traits that are not present in the parent plant, but not in the offspring. 

For example, if you have two plants that have the same trait, but are genetically different from each other, the offspring will be genetically different. 


In other words, if two plants have a trait that is present in one plant, and not the other, they will have a defect.


The problem is that the plant that has the trait is not the same as the one that has it in the other.
The stars that are visible at night are not identical in size.  They are different in size because they have different densities.  When you look at a star, you are looking at the light coming out of the center of the star.  The light from the star is coming from different parts of the sun.  If the light is coming out from the center, it will appear to be the same size.

If the light comes out of a star from the outer layer of the atmosphere, the light will be different.  This is called the [Hertzsprung-Russell diagram](_URL_0_).  It describes how the amount of light coming from a star is proportional to the fourth power
Because they don't make enough money to justify it. 

It's not that they can't sell alcohol, it's that they're not making enough to cover the cost of the concessions.
It's not really a spoon, it's a spoon that's shaped like a bowl. 

It's like the spoon you use to pour ice cream into a glass, but instead of a bowl, it has a hole in the bottom of the glass that holds the ice cream in place.

When you mix ice cream with water, you pour it into the glass, and then you slide the spoon through the hole. The ice cream stays in the glass until it's full of ice, then you pour the rest of the ice into the drink.
Double pane glass is stronger than single pane glass. 

The reason is because it has more surface area for the heat to dissipate.

Single pane glass has less surface area, which means that the amount of heat that can be absorbed by the glass is less.
It's not that they want to separate from the rest of Canada, it's that they don't want to be part of Canada anymore. 

They want to have their own language, their own government, and their own laws.
We don't know for sure, but I think it has something to do with the fact that we don't really know the history of the person's first name. 

It's a bit like how we refer to most people with their last names.

We know that Napoleon was the son of Napoleon Bonaparte, but we know very little about him other than that. We know that he was a military leader, but that's about as much as we know about him.
You're not accounting for variable change in statistics. 

You're accounting for change in the way you measure it.

If you look at a graph, you can see that there are two things going on:

1. The number of people in the graph, and the amount of people that are moving.
2. The amount of time that it takes for the graph to change.
3. The size of the graph.
4. The percentage of people who are moving, and how fast.
5. The rate at which the graph changes.
6. The speed at which
The Finebros are a group of guys who play poker online.  They are known for playing a lot of blackjack.

They have a reputation for playing blackjack, but they are not known for being good at it.  In fact, they have been accused of using their notoriety to get rich.  The reason they are known is because they play blackjack in a way that is illegal.  Blackjack is illegal in the United States, but blackjack is legal in many other countries.  It is illegal for blackjack players to play on blackjack tables, but it is legal for white
Nas, Tupac, and Notorious B.I.G are considered the greatest rappers of all time. 

Nas is known for his lyrical prowess and his ability to make the most of every word.  Tupac was known for being able to rhyme in a way that was unique to him and his style.

Tupac was also known for having a unique style of rapping.  He was known to use a lot of rhymes in the same way as other rappers, but he also used them in a different way.  This is why he is considered one of the
Thermography is the study of infrared radiation. 

Infrared radiation is emitted by all objects near room temperature, according to the black body law.

When you look at a thermogram, you can see the amount of energy that is emitted, and the amount that is reflected by the object.  This is called thermal imaging.
It is important to US voters to have a candidate that believes in a God.

It is also important to the voters to know that the candidate they are voting for is a Christian, and that they will vote for someone who believes in God.
Chrome and Firefox don't have sandboxing. 

Internet Explorer 7 added "protected mode", a technology that hardens the browser through the application of a security sandboxing feature of Windows Vista called Mandatory Integrity Control (MIC).  This prevents malicious code from being able to run on your computer.  This is a security feature of IE7, IE8, IE9, IE10, IE11, IE12, IE13, IE14, IE15, IE16, IE17, IE18, IE19, IE20, IE21, IE22, IE23, IE24, IE
It's called a premature rupture of membranes.

Basically, the membranes are a thin layer of mucous membrane that surrounds the vagina. When it ruptures, it causes a lot of fluid to flow out of the vagina, which is why it's important.
I think it has to do with the size of the pizza itself. 

25-27 minutes is a very long time for a pizza to cook, so it's going to take a lot longer for it to reach the desired temperature.

If you're cooking a pizza for 25 minutes, it's probably going to be a lot smaller than if you were cooking it for 27 minutes.
Time dilation is caused by the fact that the speed of light is proportional to the distance between the two reference frames. 

Imagine you have a clock and a clock.  If you look at the clock, you can see that the clock is moving at the same speed as the light.  But if you take a picture of the clock and compare it to the clock on the other side of the room, you will see that clock A is moving faster than clock B.  This is because clock A travels at twice the rate of light, and clock B is traveling at twice as fast.
Genetic drift. 

Genetic mutation is caused by errors in the DNA replication.  It's not random.  DNA copying errors are not random at all.  They are caused by things that happen when the DNA is being copied.  For example, if you have two copies of the same piece of DNA, one of them is defective, and the other is defective.  If you have a defective copy of the DNA, the other copy will be defective.

If you have one defective copy, then the defective copy will reoccur in your offsprings at a random point in their
I'm not an expert in programming languages, but I can give you an idea of how they are made.

A programming language is a set of instructions that are written in a language called a "compiler". The compiler is a piece of software that compiles the code that is written in the language into something called an assembly file, which is then compiled into a bytecode. 

In Ruby, PHP, C#, C++, and Python, the assembly file is called an "assembly file", and it is compiled into bytecode by the compiler. The bytecode is then loaded into the
Your feet have more sebaceous glands than your hands. They produce more sweat, which is why they smell.
You can return stuff at Target without a receipt, but you need to pay for it with the credit card you used to purchase it with.  If you don't have a receipt you can't pay for the item with your credit card.
The Confederate flag is a symbol for white supremacy.

The Confederate battle flag was the flag of the Confederate States of America.  It was used by the Confederate states to represent their secession from the Union.  The Confederate flag was used as a symbol of resistance to the federal government.  

During the Civil War, the United States was divided into two states, the Union and the Confederacy.  Each state had their own flag, and the Confederate flag flew over their state capitols.  When the Union seceded from the Confederacy, it was replaced by the Stars and Bars, which was the
They were afraid that if they used the same water fountain as black people, they would get in trouble for using it.
The speed of light is the speed of sound. 

Time travel is possible, but it's not practical.

If you want to travel back in time, you have to travel at the same speed as light.  If you travel faster than light, you're going backwards in time.
The battery is a rechargeable battery that provides electrical current to the alternator, which powers the starter motor. 

When the car is running, the car uses the battery to drive one or both electric motors using the gasoline engine (while the vehicle is coasting or being driven by the gasoline motor), or by the wheels driving the wheels through what is called "Regenerative Braking".

The alternator is an alternator that generates electricity, which is then fed into the battery.
Dreams are a way for your brain to store memories. When you dream, your brain is storing them in your memory, and when you wake up, it's trying to make sense of them.
Cereal is a staple item.  It's a staple because it's cheap to make.  If you buy cereal at the grocery store, you're buying it at a markup.  You're paying more for it because the store doesn't want to lose money on it.  They want you to buy it, and they want to keep you coming back.
Allergies are caused by your immune system overreacting. 

Allergy is caused by the fact that your body's immune system doesn't know how to deal with certain things.

For example, if you are allergic to pollen, your body doesn't have a way to tell which parts of your body are sensitive to it, so the immune system will send out a bunch of different types of immune cells to try and find the pollen.  These immune cells are called basophils, and they are the ones that are responsible for the symptoms of anaphylaxis, which is basically when your body
Some barbells are curved, some are straight. 

The reason they don't bend is because they're made of different materials.  Some are made of steel, some of them are made out of wood, and some are made up of plastic.

When you bend a barbell, you're bending the bar, not the steel itself.
IIRC stands for International Revenue Code.  It is a set of rules that govern how the United States tax system works.  They are written in such a way that they are enforceable by the federal government.  For example, if you want to file a tax return in the US, you have to follow the rules of the Internal Revenue Service (IRS).  If you don't follow these rules, you will not be able to file tax returns.

IIRC is a way for the IRS to enforce the tax laws of other countries.  The IRS is not allowed to enforce tax laws in other countries
The immune system doesn't "know" to leave gut bacteria alone, it "decides" to do so. 

The bacteria in your gut are not "knowing" anything.  They are "deciding" to stay out of your gut.

Your body's immune system can detect the presence of bacteria in the gut, but it doesn't know what they are.  The bacteria are able to sense temperature, pH, osmolarity and oxygen levels, and use them to "decide" whether to activate their T3SS, which is the part of the immune system responsible for
I think it has to do with the way the brain works. 

When you are hit in the head, your brain has a lot of time to adjust to the new situation.  It takes a while for your brain to get used to it, and it takes a long time for it to learn how to walk and speak again.
The whole Benghazi scandal is about the way the US government handled the response to the 2012 Benghazi attack. 

The US embassy in Benghazi was attacked by a group of terrorists who wanted to do some sort of attack on the US consulate in Benghazi, Libya.  The Americans were in the middle of a diplomatic mission in Benghazi when they were attacked.  They were not expecting the attack, and the Americans were not prepared for it.  There was a lot of confusion about who the terrorists were, and why they were there, and how they were planning to attack the US embassy.  
 
Hillary Clinton
We don't know. 

We can estimate the number of bees by looking at the size of the hives, but we don't really know how many there are.

The easiest way to estimate is to look at how many hives there are in a given area.  If you look at a map of the world, you'll see that there are a lot of hives in different parts of the globe.  You can estimate how many bees there are based on how many of those hives are in the same area.
The water in a swimming pool is full of bacteria, viruses, bacteria, protozoa and fungi. 

When you pee in the pool, your urine contains a lot of urea, which is a byproduct of urination.

The water is also full of chlorine, which can be harmful to your skin and eyes.
It's not just the letter notes, it's the way that it is written.

If you want to learn how to play a piece, you need to know how to write the notes. If you don't know how, you can't learn to play it.
The woodpecker's skull is made up of sponge-like bones which compress when it hits the ground. This allows the force of the impact to be spread out over the entire body, which helps to absorb the shock.

Woodpeckers also have muscles in their neck and tail-feathers which contract when they hit the ground, which also helps absorb the impact.
Funeral homes were not popular fronts for mobsters. 

It's not that they weren't popular fronts, it's that they were often run by people who were desperate to make a quick buck.
They don't get in trouble from hiding information from the police.

They get into trouble from not calling the police because they don't want to incriminate themselves.
I think it has to do with habituation. 

When you eat a lot of food, you get used to the taste and texture of it.  If you don't like it, you won't eat it.
I think it has to do with weight distribution. 

A semi-trailer is heavier than a full-size truck, so it needs to have a larger wheelbase to support the weight of the load.  This means that the front wheels have to be wider than the rear wheels, which means that they have to have larger tires.
Advertising is allowed on the App Store.  It's not illegal, but it's illegal for apps to sell ads.

If you want to make a game, you have to get permission from Apple to sell it.  If you don't want to, you can't.
I think it's because it's cheaper to make clothes by hand than it is to buy them from mass-produced companies. 

It's also because people are still willing to work hard to make the clothes they wear.
The statute of limitations for the case "runs out" does not run out.

If you confess to a crime, you can still be sued for wrongful conviction. 

You can file a civil suit against the state or federal government if you believe you were wrongfully convicted.
If we were to go through another Great Depression, there would be a lot of people who would lose their jobs, and the economy would be in a tailspin. 

In the 1930s, Herbert Hoover was the President of the United States, and he was a big proponent of the New Deal.  The New Deal was a series of policies that were designed to stimulate the economy and create jobs.  During the Depression, the government cut spending and raised taxes, which led to the Great Depression.

The Great Depression was caused by the fact that the government was spending too much money and not enough on
When you scratch your head, your brain sends a signal to your spinal cord that tells your brain that you are being scratched, and your brain interprets that as a good feeling.

When someone else does it, it sends a different signal.
When you connect two wires in parallel, the magnetic fields of the two wires cancel each other out, so the magnetic field cancels out and the resistance of the wire decreases. 

When you have two wires running parallel, you are increasing the amount of magnetic field between them, which reduces the overall resistance.
It's not really an Arabic word, it's a Hebrew word. 

Israel is a country in the Middle East.  It's a country that is part of the Jewish state, part of Israel, and part of Palestine.

Hamas is the Palestinian resistance movement.  They are a group of people who are fighting Israel for the right to exist.  The term "Hamas" comes from the Arabic word "hamas" which means "courage" or "zeal".  The word "Palestine" is derived from the same Arabic word as "Zionism".
Your eyes are made up of a thin layer of liquid called vitreous humour. When you see through the fog, the water in the fog is blocking out the light from your eyes, so your phone's camera is able to pick up more light than your eyes.
I think it has to do with the fact that cockroaches are so large and so spiny.  They have long, long antennae, shiny legs, and spiny legs make them disgusting to many humans, sometimes even to the point of phobic responses.
The fluid comes out of the zit because it's trapped in the dermis, which is the outer layer of the vaginal wall. The dermis is a layer of epithelial tissue that protects the vaginal walls from bacteria and viruses. When you squeeze a zit or cyst, it releases a lot of water and other fluids.
The ground is the ground of the circuit. 

When you have a positive/negative circuit, the ground is where the electrons are.  The electrons are in the ground.  If you don't have a ground, you can't get the electrons to flow in the same direction as the ground, so the electrons will flow in opposite directions.

If you have an AC/DC circuit, you have the electrons flowing in the opposite direction.  This means that the electrons have to go through the ground to get to the other end of the line.  So the electrons need to go to the ground
It's not that women were able to get rights in more modern times such as when America was already established, it's that they were not given the same rights as men. 

In ancient Greece, women were not allowed to work outside the home.  They were expected to take care of the house, the children, the servants, and the servants' duties.  This was the role of the woman.  In the early days of the Roman Empire, women did not have the same responsibilities as men, and they were allowed to have sex before marriage, consenting to unions, and taking on the head
I think it's because you're used to the constant rocking motion of the boat.  You're also used to adjusting to it.  When you're on land, you don't have to adjust to it as much.
It's not yet considered a utility. It's not regulated by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC). It's regulated by state governments. 

The FCC does not have the authority to regulate access to the internet.
It's called the Von Restorff effect.

When you hear a song you haven't heard for a long time, but once you hear the single word from it, you remember all the lyrics.
We don't wake up from hunger in the middle of the night because we're too tired to eat.

When you're asleep, your body's metabolism slows down, and your blood sugar levels drop. When you wake up in the morning, your blood glucose levels are high enough that you need to eat, so your body releases insulin to help you get back to normal.
When you stand up, your heart rate increases and your blood pressure drops. This causes your blood vessels to constrict, which causes you to feel lightheaded.
When you identify as a different race, you are not identifying as a member of one race, but as part of another race. 

For example, if you are black, and you are white, you can identify as black because you have some black ancestry, but not all of it.

If you are Asian, and have some Asian ancestry but not enough Asian ancestry to identify as Asian, then you are considered Asian because you are part of the Asian race.
Microservices are a set of services that are built on top of each other. 

For example, if you want to build a website, you need to build it from scratch.  You need to start with a standard web page, and then you have to write a bunch of code to make it work.  This code is called a microservice.

If you're building a website from scratch, you're going to need to write all of the code in a single file, and you'll need to make sure it's written in a format that's easy to read and understand.
The anti-glare switch is a sensor that measures the ambient light level and the glare level of the rearview mirror and adjusts the mirror in proportion to it. 

The sensor is placed in front of the mirror so that it can detect the amount of light coming from the headlights of other cars and adjust the mirror to reflect that light back at the driver.
The difference between HP, BHP and WHP when talking about engine horsepower is that horsepower is the amount of work done by the crankshaft just outside the engine, before the power is converted into torque.

BHP is the number of horsepower that the engine can put out. 

Horsepower is the total amount of power that a piston can produce in a given stroke.  It is measured by a device called an engine indicator, which measures the pressure of the piston in the cylinder.  If the piston is pushing against the piston, it will produce more horsepower than if it is pushing
The speed of light is the speed of sound. 

Time is a measure of the distance between two points in space.  The faster you go, the slower time is going.  If you go faster than that, the faster time is moving.

If you go slower, the closer you get to that point, the more time is travelling at the same speed.  This is called time dilation.
I'm not sure what you're talking about. 

There are a lot of theories about why some people are warmer or cooler than others, but I think the best way to think about it is that we evolved to be able to live in a wide range of climates.  We evolved to survive and reproduce in a variety of climates, so our bodies evolved to adapt to different temperatures.

For example, if you live in the middle of the ocean, you're going to be warmer than if you're living in the tropics.  You're also going to have a higher body mass, which means
It's not about the number of cores, it's about the size of the chip. 

A single core is more efficient than a multi-core chip because it uses less space and is more energy efficient.

If you have a single core, you're using up a lot of space.  You're also using more power.  If you have multiple cores, you are using up more space and are using more energy.
I think it has to do with the fact that art is a very subjective thing. 

A lot of art is made by people who are very talented and have a lot of money to spend on it.  It's not just about the art itself, it's also about the people who own it.

For example, if you have a piece of art that is worth $100,000, you can buy it for $10,000.  But if you own a piece that is valued at $1 million, you have to pay $1.5 million for it, which is a lot
When you pour water out of a gallon jug, the pressure in the bottom of the jugs is lower than the pressure at the top. When you pour it out, you're pushing air out of the bottom, which causes the pressure to increase. This causes the water to "gulp" when it comes out.
Your eyes are not focusing on a single point. They are focusing on the entire field of view. 

When you look at something from a distance, your eyes are trying to focus on the center of your vision, which is called the fovea.  When you focus on a point, your eye is trying to adjust the size of the iris and the pupil of your eye to make it focus on that point.
The red dot rash is caused by an inflammation of the skin. It's caused by the immune system attacking the nerves in the skin, which causes the red dots to appear.
The joker is an 8/8/8 card.  It is a wild card, meaning that it can be played in place of any card in any suit.

Euchre, for example, uses the joker as a trump card.
Birds don't generate lift by using an air foil, they use their wings to generate lift.

A plane's lift comes from the low pressure on the upper surface of the fuselage, which acts as an airfoil. 

Birds, on the other hand, use their bodies to create lift, which act as airfoils.
Humor is an evolutionary trait. 

When you are tickled, your brain releases endorphins, a hormone that makes you feel good.  When you laugh, your body releases nitric oxide, which causes your blood vessels to dilate, which increases blood flow to your brain.  This causes you to feel good, which is why you laugh.

If you are in a situation where you are stressed out, you release endorphin, which helps you feel better.
It's not that they don't want to, it's that they're not equipped to care for Ebola patients. 

Ebola is a very difficult disease to treat.  It's not something that can be treated in a hospital.  There's no way to treat it at home.  The only way to cure it is to take it out of the body and put it in a safe environment.  That's why it's being shipped across the world.
Yes, it does. 

Your body is designed to be at a right angle to the ground.  When you sit, your pelvis is tilted more forward in active sitting, and this pelvic position situates the spine for proper alignment and postural health.
It depends on what you mean by "tax". 

The federal income tax is just one of several taxes Americans pay.

Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, unemployment insurance, and unemployment insurance are just a few of the many other taxes that we pay.  There are also sales taxes, property taxes, gift taxes, unemployment taxes, state income taxes, and self-employment taxes.
Iron and steel are two different materials. 

Iron is a type of iron that is found in the earth's crust.  It is very hard and has a high melting point.  Steel is a steel that is made up of different types of alloys.

Steel is alloys of different metals.  They are alloys that are made of different elements.  Some of these alloys are stronger than others, and some of them are weaker than others.  If you want to make something strong, you need to make it strong enough that it can withstand a lot of stress.
The difference between the Austrian and Chicago economic theories?

The Austrian school of economics is based on the idea that the economy is a collection of relationships between people.  

In other words, if you want to understand the economy, you have to look at it from the perspective of the people who are involved in it.

For example, say you have a group of people working in a factory, and they all want to make a profit.  They want to know how much money they are making, and how much they are going to make, and so on.  The problem is that they
Allergies are caused by your immune system attacking harmless antigens. 

Pollen is harmless, but because it's in the air, it triggers the immune system to attack it.
Sodium chloride is a salt that is made up of sodium ions and potassium ions. 

When you add salt to water, the potassium ions are dissolved in it, and the sodium ions are removed from the water.

If you add half of the salt to the water, you get half the amount of potassium and half the sodium, and you get the same amount of salt.
You can monetize the video with ads. 

If the video has more than 10,000,000 views, you get a percentage of the ad revenue.
Some people can live without parts of their brains, some people can't. 

If you're shot in the head, the blood vessels in your brain are not completely cut off from the rest of your body, they can still pump blood to your brain.

However, if you're hit in the back of the head and the bullet goes through your skull, it will cause a lot of bleeding and damage to the surrounding tissue, which will cause you to lose consciousness.
MSG is not bad for you. It's just a flavor enhancer. 

There are a few studies that have shown that MSG can cause a short-term reaction in people who are sensitive to it, but it's not a cause of any serious health problems.
Arrays are used to store information about how many things are in a given array. 

For example, if you have an array of 1, 3, 5, 7, 9, 10, and 9, you can store the number of items in that array as 1.

If you want to know how many items there are in the array, you need to know the order in which they are stored. 


1, 2, 3...

3, 4, 5...


5, 6, 7...


6, 8, 9

7, 10...
If you hold the firecracker tightly, it will be more likely to explode. If you hold it loosely, you will be less likely to be hit by it.
They don't have to pay taxes on it. 

It's a tax write-off.  They can sell the insurance for less than they pay in taxes.  It's a way for them to reduce their tax bill.
A Hilbert space is the space of all possible functions. 

Let's say you have a set of vectors, and you want to know how far you are from the center of the universe.

You can think of this as a vector space.  If you take a vector, and draw a line between the center and the center, you can say that the line is going to go in the direction of the center.  But if you draw a straight line, you are drawing a line that goes in the opposite direction.  This is called a Hilbert space, and it is a generalization of the
Nuts are not nutritionally deficient. 

Almonds, cashews, pistachios, etc. are.  They are just not as nutritious as peanuts.
It's not that sequential gearboxes don't work, it's just that they don't have a lot of power.  

A sequential gearbox is a way to get more power out of the same amount of torque.  If you have a single gearbox, you can get more torque out of it, but if you have two separate gearboxes, you're going to need more power to get from 0 to 100 mph. 
 
If you want more power, you need to be able to get it from 0-100 mph faster.  It's a lot harder to do if you
Ticks are not really unkillable.  They are very hard to kill.  If you find a tick on your skin, you can remove it with a tweezers.  But if you don't remove it immediately, it will survive for a few days.
I think it's because they are probably scared. 

_URL_0_
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were not a bailout of "Main Street".

They were bailed out by the Federal Reserve and the Treasury.

The Federal Reserve bought up a bunch of mortgage backed securities (RMBS) that Fannie and Freddie owned.  These RMBS were backed by mortgages that were not backed by anything.  The Federal Reserve had to write down the value of these RMBS, which caused them to be worth less than they were worth.  So the government had to step in and bail them out.  This was a bailout for Main Street.
I live in a tornado prone area, and I don't think I'm alone in asking this. 

I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I live in an area that is prone to tornadoes, and it's not uncommon for people to rebuild their houses every couple of years.
Sodium is an essential part of the food chain. 

It's found in plants, animals, and water.

We don't know for sure, but it's possible that we got it from eating plants and animals, but we do know that it's a very important part of our diet. 


_URL_0_
It's called a "inertial locking mechanism". 

It works by using spring-loaded reels called "retractors" that are attached to the rear of the car. When the belt is pulled, the spring tension of the reels is released, which causes the belt to extend off the reel.

When you pull on the belt, you are pulling on the spring, not the reel, which is pulling against the spring. This causes the spring to spring back against the reel and pull the belt taut against the webbing, which prevents the belt from being pulled away from the reel
Going up in a plane isn't dangerous because you're moving at the same rate as you are going down.

Going up is dangerous because your body is moving at a different rate than it is moving down. 

When you're underwater, you're not moving as fast as you would if you were going up.  You're moving in the same direction as you're going down, but you're also moving at different speeds.
The simplest way to explain higher special dimensions to someone is to say that the universe is a 4D subspace of a higher dimensional space.
The thermometer has a bulb at one end which expands in a uniform manner with temperature. The bulb is placed in the location where the temperature is to be measured and left long enough for the bulb to reach thermal equilibrium. 

When the bulb reaches thermal equilibrium, the bulb expands and expands until it reaches a maximum temperature, which is measured as the maximum temperature reached by the bulb.

The bulb has a sensor that measures the amount of liquid in the bulb, and the temperature of the liquid is measured by measuring how much liquid is in the tube and how long it takes for the liquid to reach the maximum
We can break them down into their starting materials (monomers) and reuse them, but it takes a lot of energy to do so. 

We can melt them down and use them to make new plastic bottles, but the energy required to melt them is too much.
Special effects look great now for the most part. 

There are a few things that make them look better than they did in the 70s and 80s:

1. Digital cameras.  Digital cameras are much faster than film cameras, which means that you can capture more images per frame.  This means you can use them to create more effects.

2. Technicolor.  Back then, film was the standard for special effects because it was the only medium that could be used to create the effects.  The effects were done on film, which is why they look so good.
"Wall Street reform" is a term used to refer to the regulation of the financial industry in the United States. 

"Deregulation" refers to the idea that there should be more restrictions on how much money can be made on Wall Street.

For example, if you want to buy a house, you need to be able to prove that you can pay for it.  If you have a mortgage, you have to prove you can afford it, and if you don't, you can't sell it to a mortgage broker.  This is called "interconnection" and it's a
When you hit your joints in a certain way, it causes them to stop working properly. 

Your joints are made up of cartilage, which is a thin layer of bone that protects the joints from damage.  When you hit them in the wrong way, the cartilage stops working properly, causing them to go 'dead'.
It's not that every show on T.V.  It's that gay characters are portrayed as gay, it's just that they are portrayed in such a way that makes it seem like every show has a gay couple or gay character.
It's the nerve endings under the soles of your feet. 

When you fall from high height or stomp your foot, the nerve under your soles get compressed, causing a sharp pain.

The nerve that controls the pain is the flexor digitorum longus, which is the nerve that connects your heel to the rest of your foot. 


When the nerve gets compressed, it sends a signal to your brain telling you that you're in pain, and your brain interprets it as a stabbing pain.
Aquamarine and morganite are both beryls, but they are not the same type of beryl.

Beryls are a variety of the mineral beryl, colored green by trace amounts of chromium and sometimes vanadium. 

They are not as hard as emeralds.  They are also not as strong as sapphires.
They don't. 

It's not that they don't want people to watch their channels, it's that they want to charge more for them.

They're not trying to make money from advertising, they're trying to get people to pay more for their channels.
Cancer drugs are made by a company called Pfizer.  They make a lot of money by selling cancer drugs.  The problem is that they have a monopoly on the drugs they make, so they can't make as many of them as they would if they wanted to.  This means that if they want to make a new drug, they have to sell it at a higher price than they can sell the old one.  

Cancer drug shortages are caused by the fact that the old drug is no longer making as much money as the new drug.  It's cheaper to make the older drug
It's not about the money.  It's about making a statement.  

Kenya burned 12 tons of ivory in 1989, and it made a big deal.

It's about showing the world that the government is cracking down on the illegal ivory trade.  There's a lot of money to be made off of it, and the government doesn't want to lose it.
When you take a break from something, your brain has a chance to replenish itself with fresh air and fresh air. It's like taking a nap. You're not going to be able to do as much work as you would if you were doing it all the time.
Dogs will come up close to you because they know that you are friendly. Cats will run away because they are afraid of dogs.
The carbon cycle is the biogeochemical cycle by which carbon is exchanged among the biosphere, pedosphere, geosphere, hydrosphere, and atmosphere of the Earth.

The nitrogen cycle refers to the cycle in which nitrogen is converted into multiple chemical forms as it circulates among atmosphere, terrestrial, and marine ecosystems.
Motorcycles have lower reciprocating mass, which means that they have lower compression ratios. 

In other words, they have higher compression ratios than cars, which is why they are more powerful.

Car engines are designed to produce more power at higher RPMs, but they are also designed to be more fuel efficient, so they have a lower redline.
It would take 100% efficiency in harvesting natural, renewable energy (Solar, Hydroelectric, Wind, etc.)

First, you need to get the energy from the sun.

Second, you have to get it from the ground. 

Solar and wind power are very efficient, but they require a lot of energy to produce.  They require a huge amount of power to generate.  The amount of energy needed to produce a kilowatt-hour of electricity is very small.  It would take a lot more energy to generate the same amount of electricity as it takes to store it.
The Pilgrims came to America because they were Christians and wanted to be free from the oppression of the English.
Oxygen is a byproduct of photosynthesis. 

Trees produce oxygen as part of their metabolism.

The oxygen in the air is produced by photosynthesis, which is the process by which the plant breaks down carbon dioxide into oxygen molecules.  The oxygen molecules are called carboxylases, and they work by breaking down CO2 molecules into carbon-12 and carbon-13, which are then absorbed by the plant's cells and used as energy.  This process is called [Carboxylase](_URL_0_).

When a tree is bigger, it has more
The government is not allowed to interfere with private corporations. 

If you want to build a pipeline, you need a permit from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC), which is the agency that decides if a pipeline is allowed to be built.
They don't have the brainpower to literally count steps, they have the ability to "count" their steps. 

They also have a sense of smell.  When they find food, they will lay down a trail that connects the food to the nest, and other workers will follow and follow the trail, reinforcing it if they eventually find food.
Reddit doesn't display all comments in a post. 

It's because they don't want you to have to click "load more comments" if you want to see them all.
The Americas and Australia are both located in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean, which is a major trade route between Europe and Asia. 

The Americas have a long coastline, which means that there is a lot of natural resources available to the Europeans.

Indo-Caribbean countries are also located in a region of the world that is rich in natural resources, which makes them more attractive to Europe than other parts of Asia and Africa.
The calorie in vs out method is more effective than the calorie out method.

Calories in vs calories out is a measure of how much you eat. Calories out is the amount of calories you eat per day. 

Carbohydrates are an essential part of your diet.  When you eat too much of them, your body can't use them as energy, so you gain weight.  The calorie in method is a way to cut calories from your diet, but it's not as effective as calorie out.
I think it has to do with the fact that it's easier to use if you don't have to deal with a lot of clutter. 

iOS, Microsoft, Xbox, Skype, etc. have all been around for a long time, and have been using the same interface for years.

I'm not an expert, but I think it's because they've been around long enough that they've gotten used to the look and feel of the interface, so they don't want to change it.
We don't need sleep to survive. 

We need sleep because we need energy.  When we are awake, our bodies are producing chemicals that we need to function.  These chemicals are called melatonin.  Melatonin is produced by the pineal gland, which is located in the back of the brain.  It's the same gland that makes melatonin that makes you fall asleep at night.

When you're awake, your body is producing melatonin, which makes you feel sleepy.  But when you're asleep, it's not making enough melatonin to keep you asleep.  So
Saudi Arabia is not a dictatorship. It is a monarchy. 

They don't use the countries funds since it's near a dictatorship
HIV came from SIV, which affected primates...but where did SIV come from? How did it become what it was/is? Do we know?
It's not just one file, it's a bunch of files that are being streamed. 

Imagine you have a TV station that broadcasts a live broadcast of a show.  It's broadcast over the airwaves.  The TV station has a transmitter and a receiver that receives the signal from the transmitter and sends it to the receiver.

The receiver then sends the signal back to the transmitter, which is then sent to the receiving receiver, which then sends it back to your computer.  Your computer then receives that signal, decrypts it, and plays it back.  This is how it works.
The airbag has a bellows. When the airbag opens, the bellows pushes air out of the way of the wheel, which causes the wheel to open. The airbag is not designed to stop the wheel from opening, it is designed to prevent it from hitting your face.
The peel does not become the banana, it becomes the banana flesh.

Bananas are green when they are picked because of the chlorophyll their skin contains. When they ripen, they begin to lose their chloroplast, which is a chemical that makes the banana green. When the banana is overripe, the chlorophil (the chemical that gives the banana its green color) is converted to glucose, which makes it yellow. When it reaches its final stage (stage 7), brown/black "sugar spots" develop.
It's not about the emails, it's about the fact that she used a private email server, which is against the rules set forth by the Federal Records Act. 

The emails are being subpoened because the FBI found that some of her emails contained classified information that was classified at the time it was sent or received.
The Spanish Civil War was a civil war between the Nationalists and the Republic of Spain. The Nationalists wanted to restore the monarchy to power, but the Republic wanted to keep the country as a monarchy.

The Nationalists were led by General Francisco Franco, who was the son of the dictator Francisco Franco. The Republic was led by Manuel Azaa, who had been appointed Minister of War by the King of Spain, and was a member of the Nationalist Party. 

During the Civil War, Spain was divided into two parts: the north and the south. The north was under the control of Franco,
You would lose more weight on 1500 calories of healthy food than 1000 calories of junk food.

Your body needs a certain amount of calories to maintain a healthy weight. If you eat too much junk food, you will gain weight.
We don't really use "locations" or "positions" in space, we use "coordinates".

We use "latitude" and "longitude" to describe the direction of an object in space.

Longitude is the direction that an object is oriented in relation to the celestial equator, which is the plane of the earth's rotation. 

Latitude is also used to describe how far away something is from the center of the universe, which means that it is in the direction you are looking at. For example, if you look at the sky from the ground,
It's not a standard charger, it's a proprietary charger. 

The EU has a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with a bunch of phone manufacturers to standardize their chargers.

Apple is one of the companies that signed the agreement, so they are exempt from the requirement.
The word "Caucasian" is derived from the Greek word "eidos", which means "shape".

Eidos originally meant "shape", and was used to describe the native inhabitants of the Caucasus region.

Caucasians are a group of people who live in the Caucasus Mountains, which are in the western part of Europe, and are generally considered to be part of the Indo-European race.
Amnesia is caused by damage to the part of the brain responsible for storing episodic memories. 

When you have a brain injury, it causes damage to a part of your brain called the temporal lobe, which is responsible for remembering things like names, faces, places, etc.

If you have an injury to this part, it can cause you to lose your ability to remember those things.
They don't know how to raise a blind child. They don't have any idea how to care for a child.
I think it's because the crowd is used to hearing the same thing over and over again. 

If you ask "Is everyone OK today?" they reply "Yeeeeeeeeeeees" instead of normal length "Yes".
I think it's because you're watching other people play video games. It's like watching someone else play a video game. 

It's like when you watch a movie.  You're not watching the movie, but the person playing it. You're watching the person who is playing it, not the movie itself.
Sound travels at the speed of sound. 

When you fill up a bottle, the water is moving at the same speed as the water in the bottle, but the sound waves are traveling at different speeds.

If you fill the bottle with water, you're increasing the speed at which the water moves, but you're also increasing the frequency of the sound wave.  This is called the [Kramers-Kronig relation](_URL_0_).

The Kramers relation is a property of sound waves.  It's a measure of how fast they travel, and it
The naming system behind classical music pieces work like this:

1. The composer names the piece, then the piece is named after the composer

2. The piece is divided into parts

3. The pieces are grouped by genre

4. The composers name the piece

5. The music is grouped by time of composition

6. The number of pieces in a piece is the number of times the piece was written

7. The length of the piece (the number of notes in the piece)

8. The amount of time it takes for the piece to be
I'm not sure, but I think it has to do with the fact that we evolved in a time when we were not allowed to have sex. 

In the Middle Ages, there was a belief that sex was unnatural, and that it was a sin against nature.

This belief was based on the belief that if you didn't have sex, you would not be able to reproduce, and if you did, then you would be a sinner.  This belief is still prevalent today.
Jet lag is caused by your body's circadian rhythm. When you travel, your body goes through a period of time when it is not in sync with the time zone you are in. 

When you travel from one time zone to another, your circadian rhythm is out of sync.  Your body is used to waking up at the same time every morning and going back to sleep at night.  If you travel across the world, you need to wake up at different times of the day, so your body has to adjust to the different time zones.

If you travel to a different time zone, your
I'm not sure what you're trying to accomplish with stereo equalizer settings, but I'll try my best to explain.

Imagine you have a stereo speaker and a mono speaker. 

The stereo speaker has two channels, one for bass and one for treble.  If you want to make the bass and treble sound more distinct, you need to increase the volume of the bass channel and lower the volume on the treble channel.  This is done by adjusting the frequency response of the two channels.  The higher the volume, the louder the bass, the more bass you'll get.
Body weight does not directly affect how much weight a person can lift. 

It's more a matter of how much energy you have to expend to lift the weight.

If you're obese, your body will be able to lift more weight than if you're leaner, but it will take a lot more energy to do so.
We can feel heat because our bodies are made up of a bunch of different types of nerve cells. 

One type of nerve cell is called the hypothalamus, which is the one responsible for pain and temperature.  The other is the thalamus which is responsible for sensation.

The hypothalamus is the part of the body that sends signals to the brain that tells it that something is hot or cold, and the brain interprets those signals as pain or temperature.
It's not that things get colder, it's that they get colder. 

Think of it like this:

If you have a piece of ice, and you put it in a glass of water, it will start to freeze.

When you put the ice in the glass, the water molecules are still moving, but they're not moving as fast as they used to, so they can't get as far as they would if they were moving freely.  So they start to slow down, and as they stop moving, they stop being able to move at all.  This is called "
A web cam is a camera that connects to your computer via USB or FireWire.  It takes pictures and sends them to a server, which then sends them back to you.

An IP camera is an IP camera, which connects to the internet.  Webcams are webcams that connect to a computer, but they are not IP cameras.  They are usually used for things like video calling and videoconferencing.  

IP cameras are a different type of camera.  A web cam has a lens, an image sensor, a microphone, and a speaker.  The
I'm not sure how they do it, but I'm guessing it's a combination of telephone calls and online surveys.

I've never heard of it being collected by a pollster, but it's probably done by a company called Pulse Opinion Research. 

_URL_0_
Yawning is a reflex. It's a way for your body to get oxygen into your blood. When you yawn, your blood contains a lot of carbon dioxide, which is bad for your lungs, so when you open your mouth, your body needs to get rid of it. 

When you're yawning, your muscles in your throat expand, which causes your throat to open wider, allowing more oxygen to enter your lungs. This causes your blood to be full of CO2, which makes your eyes water.
I think it has to do with the angle of incidence. 

If you look at a mirror, you can see the reflection of light coming from one side of the mirror and the reflection coming from the other side.

When you have a bunch of mirrors lined up, the light from the front mirror is coming from a different angle than the reflection from the back mirror, so the light that comes from the first mirror will be reflected from the second mirror, and so on.
We have money because it allows us to exchange goods and services for each other. 

Before we had money, there were many different systems of exchange.  You could barter with other people for things like land, food, honor, love, etc.  These systems were based on the idea that if you had land, you could exchange it for other things, and if you didn't have land, then you couldn't exchange it.

Money was a way for people to exchange things that they didn't want for things they did want.  For example, if you wanted to buy a piece of
I think it has to do with the fact that peeing 'on' things causes the bladder to expand, which causes the urethra to contract, which in turn causes urine to come out of the bladder.
Pimples, moles, cysts, and cysts are all part of the epidermis, the outer layer of the skin. 

A pimple is a lump or lump of skin that grows out of the dermis, which is the layer under your skin that is the outermost layer of your skin.

Moles are just bumps or bumps that grow out of your dermis. They can be caused by a variety of things, but the most common cause is that they are caused by the growth of melanocytes, which are the cells that make up your skin's outer layer.
It doesn't get into the ocean, it gets into the air. 

Plastic bags don't float, they float in the air, they get tangled up in the fabric of the bag.
Mental blocks can be caused by a variety of things. 

One of the most common is a lack of motivation to do something.  If you're trying to write a novel, for example, you're not motivated to do so because you don't feel like doing it.

Another example is when you are trying to learn a new language, but you can't remember how to say the words.  You don't have the motivation to learn the words, so you just don't want to do it.
The Animas River is a tributary of the Colorado River. It runs through Colorado, New Mexico, Arizona, Colorado, and New Mexico. It's part of the Peruvian/Peruvian/Arizona border.

In the early 1900s, the government decided to build a dam on the Animas to control the flow of the river. 

The dam was designed to keep the river from flowing into the Colorado, but it was not designed to hold back all the sediment that was being carried down the river by the water. 


The problem was that the river was full of sediment,
Alcohol is a depressant. It causes your body to release chemicals in your blood that cause you to feel tired, dehydrated, hungry, thirsty, etc. These chemicals are released when you drink a lot of alcohol.

When you drink too much alcohol, your body starts to produce acetaldehyde, which is a chemical that makes you feel thirsty and dehydrated. When you drink enough alcohol, the acetaldehyde is released into your blood, which causes you to have a hangover. 

Alcohol also affects your body's ability to digest food, so if you eat too much, you will feel
I think it's because the video is in slow motion and the singer is singing in sync with the music. 

It's not that they're lip syncing to the music, it's that the music is in slo-mo and they're singing to it.
The US has a lot of problems with mental health care.

Mental illness is one of the top 5 most costly medical conditions in the US. It is estimated that less than half of all people with mental illnesses receive treatment (or specifically, much needed, and managed care; where medication alone, cannot easily remove mental conditions) due to factors such as stigma and lack of access to care.
I think it's because librarians are required to have a master's degree in library science.  

I'm not sure why it's necessary, but I'm assuming it has something to do with the fact that a librarian needs to be able to do a lot of things that other people can't do.  For example, if you're working for the federal government, you're required to be certified as a certified librarian.  You have to pass the licensing exam, and you have to have the certification to work in the federal library system.  If you don't have that certification,
When you add butter to a hot pan it melts, but when you add pancake batter, it solidifies. 

The reason is because the pancake is made of flour, which is made up of a bunch of proteins.  When you heat the flour, the proteins start to denature, which means that they will start to stick to each other and form a solid structure.

When you pour the batter into a pan, you are heating it up, which causes it to expand.  This expands the molecules in the batter, which makes it solid.
The price of the fuel is determined by the quality of the crude oil used to make the fuel. 

Unleaded fuel is made from crude oil that has been refined and refined to a higher octane rating than regular unleaded fuel.

Premium fuel is refined from refined crude oil, which is refined at a higher rate.  Higher octane means higher performance, which means higher mileage.  The higher the octane, the higher the mileage.
It's because of the high latitude and oceanic controlled climate.

The UK is located in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean, which means that it gets a lot of oceanic air coming in and out of it. 

It's also very high in the sky, meaning that there are a lot more clouds than there are sunshiny areas.
Chicken breast has more protein and fat than chicken wing.

Chicken wing has less fat and less protein than chicken breast.
It's not a type of currency, it's a form of currency. 

The NCAA is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization, so they can't sponsor an NCAA Bowl game.
They don't. 

They have a team of people who work on the game, and they are constantly testing the game.  They are constantly checking for bugs, and if they find a bug, they fix it.  If they don't fix it, they release a new version of the game with the bug fixed.
They don't. 

They sell a lot of different brands of mattresses at different prices.  They sell them at different times of the year, and they sell them to different people, so they can make a profit.
The price of oil has been rising for a long time.  

Oil prices have been going up for a while, but they have been rising because the price of natural gas has been going down.  In the past, natural gas was very cheap because it was used as a fuel for everything from cooking to lighting.  But in the last few years, it has become more expensive to produce.  The price of gas has gone up because the demand for natural gas is going up, and the supply is going down, so the price is going to go up.
Humans have evolved to laugh when we see other humans/animals hurt/humiliate themselves. It's a survival instinct. 

Humans are social animals, and we are social creatures.  We are social because we need to be around other humans and animals to survive.  When we see another human/animal hurt or humiliate themselves, we feel bad for them.  It makes us feel better.
Insurance premiums are based on the number of miles you put on your car per year.

Deductibles are the amount of money you have to pay out to cover the deductible. 

For example, if you have a $100,000 car insurance policy, the deductible is $10,000.  If you hit a deer, you pay $100. If you get hit by a drunk driver, your deductible goes up to $50,000, and if you hit another car, your deductables go up from $100 to $500.
They don't. 

The wheels are connected to the rails by a series of flanges that are welded to the frame of the locomotive.  When the wheels are moving, the flanges are moving with the train.  They don't move because they are attached to the rail, they move because the rail is moving with them.
It's not that they don't want to, it's just that the noise is so loud that it's not worth it.
The Electoral College is made up of real people. 

It's not that we don't have a popular vote.  It's that we do.

In the US, the president is elected by the Electoral College, which is composed of electors from each state.  They vote for the candidate who gets the most votes in each state, and then the president and vice president are chosen by the House of Representatives.  This means that if a candidate wins the popular vote, but loses the electoral college vote, they have to go to the House and vote for a new president.  If they don't
If all noises are created from vibrations how can we hear voices in our head or think to ourselves?
Hormones work by increasing the amount of testosterone in the body. 

Surgical implants, on the other hand, work by removing the excess tissue and replacing it with soft tissue.

When a woman has a mastectomy, they remove the soft tissue and replace it with hard tissue.  This is called mastopexy.  The soft tissue is removed, and the hard tissue is replaced with implants.
I think it has to do with the nature of the crime. 

If you are trying to kill someone with a gun, you have to prove that you intended to kill them.  If you were just trying to hurt them, you can get away with it.

But if you were trying to injure them with a knife, you're not going to be able to prove it.
Yes, they do understand music. 

It's just that they don't understand it in the same way that we do.

We can understand music, but we can't understand music in the way that other animals do.
Flexible rods are made out of different materials. 

They are made from a variety of materials, from carbon fiber to carbon fiber/graphite with cork or, less frequently, hypalon being favored for the grip.
It's because you're not aware of your own weight. 

If you were conscious, your brain would not be able to detect the difference between your weight and the weight of the air around you.

Your brain would also not be aware of how much weight you were carrying, so it wouldn't be aware that you were losing weight.
The skin on the back of your neck is more lubricated, so it's easier for the razor to glide across the surface of your skin. The skin on your face is less lubricated.
It's not illegal. It's illegal because it gives an athlete an unfair advantage over other athletes. 

There's a lot of debate about why it's illegal, but the bottom line is that it's about fairness.

Athletes who take performance enhancing drugs have an advantage over athletes who don't because they're using them, and it's not fair for them to be able to use them.
Bacteria don't like to live on hard surfaces. 

Bacteria are attracted to moisture.  If you drop something heavy on the floor, it will evaporate, and the bacteria will be attracted to the moisture.

If you drop it on a soft surface, it won't evaporate.
I think it's because it's easier for the gun to fire than a light system.  It's also easier to see the gun firing than the lights.
It's not really a question of "where did the $2.4 billion go", it's more of a "how did the money go" question. 

Chase lost $2 billion because of a series of bad investments in the 1980s and 1990s.

First, they bought a company called Tiger Management, which was a hedge fund run by a guy named John Ewing.  Ewing was a very successful hedge fund manager, and he was worth a lot of money at the time.  He was able to borrow money from a bunch of banks, and used it to invest in
The economy would go into a tailspin. 

If you give out $1 million to each household, it would increase the number of people who have money, but not the amount of money they have.  This would lead to inflation, which would cause the price of everything to go up.

This would also lead to a drop in the value of real estate, which is a major source of wealth for the wealthy.  If you give everyone $1million, you would have to pay interest on that money, which will lead to higher prices for everything.
It's not that it's a secret, it's that the government doesn't want it to be known. 

It's that they don't want people to know about it.
Reddit Gold is an alloy of gold and indium. 

Gold is used as a store of value.

It's used to buy reddit gold.  It's also used to pay for premium features on the site, such as comment highlighting.
Imagine you're looking at a piece of paper with a picture on it. You can see it with your eyes, but you can't see with your mind.

Your brain has a bunch of neurons in the back of your brain that send out signals to your eyes that tell your eyes to take in information. When you look at the paper, your eyes are taking in the information, and your brain is processing it.
They are bad for us because they are too big to fail. 

If a bank is too large to fail, it means that they have a lot of assets that are not backed up by the money they lend to other banks, which means that if they fail, they will have to borrow money from other banks to pay back their loans.

This is bad for the economy because it means they will be unable to lend money to other businesses, which will mean that they will not be able to lend as much as they would if they didn't have the money to pay their loans back.
Advertisers pay the publisher a commission for every visitor referred by the publisher to the advertiser (web site) and performs a desired action, such as filling out a form, creating an account or signing up for a newsletter.
A phobia is a fear of something. 

A fear of heights, for example, is a learned fear.  It's not something that's innate, it's something that comes from a traumatic event in your life.

If you have a phobia of heights (like falling down from a high-rise building), it's because your brain has been conditioned to fear heights.  If you're afraid of heights because you've never been in a high rise building, your brain is conditioned to believe that you're going to fall down.  This is called "direct conditioning".

It's
They don't.  

They have licensing agreements with the studios that produce the shows.  They pay the studios for the rights to use their content, and the studios pay them for the right to use the content.  It's like a licensing deal.
It doesn't. 

It's called a "wake-on" signal.  When you press a button on the controller, it sends a wake signal to the computer.  The computer interprets this signal as a command or a parameter byte for a preceding command.

When you press the button, the computer recognizes that it's been pressed, and tells it to turn on.
Your spinal cord has a bunch of nerves that are connected to the muscles in your body.  These nerves are called the [cervical nerve](_URL_0_) and they are the nerve that controls your muscles.  The nerves are located in different parts of your body, but they are all connected to each other. 

Your brain has a lot of nerves in the spinal cord.  Some of them are in the brain, some are in your skin, some in your muscles, and some in other parts of the body.

When you feel pain, you have a nerve in your
I think it has to do with the fact that the video is not optimized for mobile devices. 

If you are watching a YouTube video on a mobile device, the video has to be optimized for the device's display resolution, which is not the same as watching it on a PC.

Also, if you are viewing a video on mobile devices, you are not watching it in the same way as if you were viewing it on the desktop. 


The reason for this is because the video isn't optimized to be played on a device with touch screen controls.  It is optimized to play on
Hitler was the Fhrer of Germany. He was the leader of the Nazi Party, and he was the one who ordered the extermination of the Jews.

If Hitler never existed, there would be no WWII and no Holocaust.
C3, C4, and CAM pathways are basically the same thing. 

C3 is the pathway that converts CO2 into organic acids, which are used in photosynthesis.

A CAM pathway is the one that converts L-serine to 2,3-diaminopropionate, which is used in the biosynthesis of aminomalonyl-ACP, which can be used as an extender for aminoglycoside. 


C4 is a pathway that is used for the synthesis of chlorophenol and chlorophenols.  It is used by
Assembly is a programming language.  

Binary code is a set of instructions that tell the computer what it needs to do, and how to do it.

assembler is a language that takes these instructions and compiles them into binary code, which is then loaded into the computer.  It takes a long time to compile the binary code into machine code, and then it takes a lot of time to load it into a computer.
A DDoS attack is when you flood a network with a lot of traffic at once. 

Imagine you have a website that has a bunch of servers, and you want to connect them all to the internet.

The first thing to do is to connect all the servers in the network to each other, so that all the traffic coming in from the outside the network is going to go through them. This is called a "layer 7 DDOS attack".

Now, if you're talking about the application layer of the internet, this is where the traffic is coming from, and it's going to
They don't. 

They have an algorithm that determines how many people are viewing the page at any given time.  It's based on the number of times the page has been viewed.  For example, if there are 100 people viewing a hotel/event/flight right now, the algorithm will calculate how many times it's been viewed in the last 10 minutes.  If there are 10 people viewing it now, it will determine that it's a good time to book it.

If there are more than 10 people on the page, they'll calculate how much it's going to cost to book
It doesn't work. 

It's called a [CAPTCHA](_URL_0_).

A CAPTCHA is a type of captcha that is used to identify whether or not you're a human.  It's a test to see if you can read distorted images.  If you can't read them, then you're not human.

If you can, you're human.
Nano tubes/nanotechnology in products today are made up of a lot of different materials. 

First of all, they are made of a material called polyelectrolyte, which is a type of polymers.  It is a polymer that can be made into a variety of shapes, but the most common shape is a tubular shape.  This is because it has a very high surface area, which means that it is very easy to shape into a tube.

Second, the material is made of indium doped gallium nitride nanotubes. This is a material that
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm assuming it's because she has a concealed carry permit. 

If she's not carrying a permit, she can't legally carry a gun in the doctor's office.
It's not addictive.

It's illegal to use marijuana for medical purposes, but it's legal to use it for recreational purposes. 

You can't get a doctor to write you a prescription for a drug that's illegal for recreational use, but you can get one for medical use.
I'm not sure what you mean by "feel" but I can give you an idea of how they work. 

Imagine you have a prosthetic arm.  Your brain sends a signal to your muscles that tells them to do something.  The muscles in your arm respond to this signal, and your brain interprets it as a command to move the arm.

When you wear the prosthetic, your brain sends the signal back to the muscles, and they respond to it.  This is what you feel when you move your arm.
Because she wasn't suspended by her club or national team.  She was suspended by the US Soccer Federation.  The USSF is the governing body for women's soccer in the United States.
Afghanistan is not an Islamic country.  

Iraq is an Islamic state.  It's not a Muslim country, it's a Christian country.
Alcohol is a diuretic, meaning that it binds to the receptors in your mouth and throat that sense heat and acidity. 

When you drink alcohol, the alcohol binds to these receptors, causing them to fire.
Schrdinger's matrix mechanics is a mathematical description of the wave function of a wave. Heisenberg's matrix theory is a more formal description of wave mechanics.

Heisenberg was the first to point out that the wave functions are not the same as the wave equations, but that they are the same. 

The difference is that Schrdinginger's wave function is a function of time, and Heisenber's matrix is a description of how the waveform changes over time. 


The two are very different, but they are very similar.  The difference between Schr
When you get a refund on your credit card, it happens at light speed, but when you get charged on your card it's slower than molasses in January. 

When you pay a bill, you pay the bill, and the bill is processed by the credit card company.  It's processed by your bank.  Your bank is the one that charges the bill.  The credit card companies are the ones that process it.
Gravity does affect things in orbit, but not the things inside. 

If you're talking about satellites, they are not free fall.  They are held in orbit by the gravity of the planet which they are orbiting.  If you are talking about things inside the spacecraft, you are referring to microgravity.

Microgravity is caused by the inertia of the spacecraft itself.  It is not caused by gravity, but by the force of gravity acting on the spacecraft.  The spacecraft is not "freefalling", it is falling in the opposite direction to the earth's gravity.
It's not that the produce is cheaper, it's that the farmer has to pay a higher price to sell it to the store. 

Farmers sell their produce directly to the consumer.  They don't have to deal with the overhead of shipping, handling, storage, marketing, etc.

Walmart, on the other hand, has a distribution network that allows them to sell directly to consumers.  So they can set the price for the produce and sell it at a higher profit margin.
Mussels that do not open during cooking are not safe to eat because they contain a toxin that can kill you.
Nickelback is an American country band.  They are known for their catchy songs, catchy hooks, and catchy hooks.  

The problem is that they are a little too much of a party band for their own good.  Their music is a bit too much like the music of the 80s and 90s.  It's a lot like the 90s and early 2000s.
Your brain interprets the treadmill as a travelator. 

When you get off the treadmill, your brain is interpreting the ground as a moving object.
It's a combination of things. 

1. Your brain is flooded with hormones that make you think more clearly.

2. Your heart rate increases, which causes your blood pressure to increase, which increases your heart rate and blood pressure causes your heart to pump more blood to your brain, which in turn causes your brain to send more information to the limbic (higher level) areas of your brain. This causes you to be more alert, which makes you more likely to be able to think clearly.
It's not that they want to limit the use of the Internet, it's that they don't want people to be able to access it. 

There are two main reasons:

1. They want to control access to the internet.

2. It's a way for the government to control the economy.
When you're sick, your body is trying to get rid of the toxins in your stomach and intestines. When you're hungry, you're trying to digest the food and digest it quickly, so your body doesn't have time to process the toxins. 

Your body is also trying to make sure you're not dehydrated, so if you're dehydrated your body can't digest as much food as it would if you were healthy.
It's when you connect two devices to each other. 

When you connect a computer to another computer, it connects one of them to the other.

If you have two devices connected to the same computer, you can connect one device to another device, but if you connect the device to the second device, it will connect to the first device, and the two devices will be able to talk to eachother. 


When two devices are connected, they can talk to one another, but they can't talk to both devices at the same time, so they have to wait for each other to
It's not that the screen is jumping, it's that the web page itself is jumping. 

When you load a page, your computer's memory is being used to store the data that's being displayed on the page.  When the page loads, the computer has to re-store that data in memory.  This is done in parallel with the rest of the page, so that it doesn't take as long to do so.
Your skin is made up of melanin. Melanin is a pigment that protects your skin from UV radiation. UV radiation causes your skin cells to produce more melanin, which is what causes skin cancer. 

If you live in a sunny place, your skin will be exposed to more UV radiation than it is exposed to in a dark place.
I think it has to do with habituation. When you smell something for the first time, your brain gets used to it and starts to recognize it as familiar. You don't notice it anymore because it's not new to you.
He was a wizard, he was a powerful wizard. 

He was the leader of the dark wizarding world, and he was the most powerful wizard in the history of the world.

The reason he was so strong is because he was born with the ability to manipulate the forces of gravity.  He was able to use the force of gravity to his advantage.  When he was young, he could manipulate the gravity of the air around him, which allowed him to move faster than any other wizard, and when he was older he could use it to move even faster.  This is why he was
It's not that you can't use the same chocolate chip recipe, it's that you have to adjust the ingredients to make them taste different. 

Chocolate chips are made with a lot of different types of chocolates.  You can't make the same amount of chocolate chips every time, so you need to change the way you mix them up.
The US Patent Office does not have the authority to issue patents.  

The patent office does have the power to enforce patents, but only if they are granted by a court of law.  The patent office has no authority to enforce the validity of a patent.  They can issue a patent, but they can't enforce it unless they have a court order to do so.  If they don't, then the patent is invalid.

There are a few ways for a patent office worker to enforce a patent:

1. They can sue the patent holder for patent infringement.  This is
This is a picture of an atom. 

_URL_0_
Compound bows are made of wood, sinew, and horn. The horn is on the belly, facing the archer, and sinew on the outer side of a wooden core. When the bow is drawn, the sinew (stretched on the outside) and horn (compressed on the inside) store more energy than wood for the same length of bow. 

When you fire an arrow, you are pulling on the horn, not the bow itself. The bow itself is made from wood, and the arrow head is made of sinew. If you fire the bow, the arrow will hit the
Tinfoil is made up of a thin layer of plastic that is very brittle. When you chew on it, you're biting into it, which causes the plastic to expand and contract, which is why it feels like it's crunching. 

_URL_0_
I think it has to do with the fact that you are used to being stressed out after a non-stressful day at work/school. Your body is used to dealing with a lot of stress, so when you come home from work or school you're used to not having to deal with it.
Think of a word and use it properly in a sentence even though you can't recall what the word means.

Your brain has a way of remembering what words mean.  It's called the "prefrontal cortex" and it's the part of the brain responsible for making sense of language.  When you think of the word, your brain tells your brain what it means.  If you don't remember the word you're thinking of, you can use it to make sense of the sentence.
The human eye can perceive anywhere from 480fps to 4000fps, and see it as looking completely realistic or immersive naturally.

The reason why is because the human eye perceives things differently than the human brain. 

When you're playing a video game, your eyes are used to seeing things at 30 frames per second, but your brain interprets them as if they're moving at 120fps.  When you're watching a movie, the camera is moving at 240fps, but the camera isn't moving as fast as your brain is, so your brain sees it as if it's moving at 480fps
The house has the advantage in blackjack because they have the best deck of cards and the best dealer.  

Blackjack is not a spectator sport, it's a game that is played in front of a large number of people, so the house has a huge advantage.
I'm not sure if this is the "natural" sleeping position for humans, but I think it's because we evolved to sleep on our backs.  

When you sleep on your back, you have a lot of pressure on your neck and shoulders.  When you're lying on your side, you're not getting as much of that pressure, so you can sleep with your arms down and your legs bent.

If you're sleeping on your stomach, your arms and shoulders are up against your head, and your head is resting on your chest.  This is because your body is used to sleeping
It's not about the speech itself, it's about the timing of the speech. 

The speech was arranged without the support and engagement of the Obama administration and the timing before Israel's 17 March 2015 election.
I think it has to do with the amount of time it takes to watch a movie. 

Movies are a lot shorter than TV.  If you're watching a movie, you can watch it in a few minutes.  But if you are watching a TV show, you have to sit through a lot of episodes to get through the entire thing.

If a show has a simple plot that can be understood in a single viewing, you'll be more likely to watch it.  It's not like a movie where you can just watch the first few minutes and be done with it.
The First Amendment protects the right to free speech. 

The right to privacy is not a separate legal right.  It is a fundamental human right.
The Combined Federal Campaign (CFC) is a political action committee (PAC) that is funded by the Federal Election Committee (FEC). 

The CFC is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization that works for candidates to raise money and spend it on advertising.  They are not affiliated with any political party, and are not allowed to coordinate with any other political party.

They are funded by individuals, corporations, unions, labor unions, and labor unions.  The CFC works with the FEC to raise and spend money on behalf of candidates.  It is not a political
Airline tickets used to be sold at ticket counters at the airport. 

They used to sell tickets at the ticket counter in the departure hall.

Now they sell tickets online.
I'm not sure what you mean by "no apparent reason". I'm not a doctor, but I think it has something to do with the fact that your brain is wired differently than the rest of your body. 

When you're in a bad mood, your brain sends signals to your hypothalamus, which is the part of your brain responsible for regulating your mood, telling your body to be in a fight-or-flight mode. When you are in a good mood, the hypothalamus is telling your brain to relax and let your body take care of itself.

If you're not in a
I think it's because the top layer's opacity is 50% and the bottom layer's is 50%. 

The bottom layer has the same color as the top, so if you reduce the opacity to 50% it will still be a solid gray.

If you put a layer with the same image but inverted colors, it will look like this:

_URL_0_
I'm not an expert, but I think it has to do with the materials used. 

Furniture and cars are made of wood, which absorbs more light than plastic, so it takes a lot more energy to paint than plastic.

The same goes for furniture, which is made of plastic. Plastic absorbs less light than wood, so the paint can be applied to it more easily.
It depends on the type of ad. 

If it's a national ad, it has to be paid for by the advertiser.  If it's just a local ad, they have to pay the local station for it.

For example, if you want to advertise on the NFL Network, you have to have a contract with the NFL that says that you can't advertise on any other network, but only on the one that airs the Super Bowl.
We did not invent the algorithm. 

It's an old joke.
I think it has to do with the fact that we are social animals. 

Humans have been doing this for thousands of years.

When we smile, it's a way to signal to others that we're happy.  When we frown, we're trying to show we're sad or angry.  It's also a way for us to show that we don't want to be hunted.
We don't have the technology to drill that deep into the earth. 

We have the tools to do it, but we don't know enough about the geology of the earth to know where the oil and gas are.
Proteins are used to repair and maintain muscle tissue. When you work out, your body breaks down the protein in your muscles into amino acids, which your body uses as energy. The amino acids are used by your muscles to repair the damage that has been done by the exercise.
Wall Street is a bunch of people who make money by trading stocks, bonds, options, and other financial instruments.  They do this because they are paid to do so.  

If you want to know more about what they do, check out [this article](_URL_0_).
When there's a lot to do, doing nothing feels like the best option. 

When you're doing nothing, you're not really doing anything.  You're just sitting around doing nothing.
It depends on the camera.  

Most cameras have a "bulb" setting, which allows you to open the shutter for a short period of time, allowing you to get into the picture.  This means that you can take longer exposures (30 seconds) or shorter exposures (minutes or hours) using the "Bulb".
It was a sting operation. The ATF was trying to find guns that were being trafficked into Mexico by the drug cartels, but they didn't have the proper permits to do so, so they allowed the guns to go into the hands of people who were not supposed to have them. 

The cartels were able to get the guns, but the ATF didn't know where they were coming from and didn't follow up on their leads. They let the guns go to people who weren't supposed to be getting them, and the cartels got the guns.

Fast and Furious was a huge failure. It was
You need to have a glore vyrden. This is a small piece of metal that absorbs light from the outside of the lamp. When it is empty, it absorbs sunlight or light from other sources. When the lamp is full, it stops absorbing light.
It comes from the gizzard of the turkey. 

The gizzard is the part of the bird that contains the innards of the animal that gives the bird its meaty flavor.
WPA is the Wireless Public Access Path. 

WPA2 is the successor to WPA.
It's a tradition that dates back to ancient Rome, where it was common for members of the elite to have a personal name, a nomen (a personal name) and a surname (a family name, not exactly used the way middle names are used today).

In the Middle Ages, middle names were a way for people to distinguish themselves from each other, so that if they were born with a first name, they would be known by their middle name.
Your digestive tract takes a day to digest food. 

Your intestines are made up of many different types of cells.  Some of those cells are specialized for digesting food, and some are not.  Your digestive tract is not designed to digest large amounts of food at once, so it takes a long time for the food to reach your intestines.

When you eat something like hot wings, your digestive tract doesn't have time to digest it.  It takes a lot of time for your digestive system to break down the food into smaller pieces.  When it does, it takes time for
Calories are a measure of how much energy you need to get through a meal. 

Sugar is a measurement of the amount of sugar in the food you eat.

Fats are the energy that your body uses to make fats and proteins, and water is used for vitamins and minerals.
Whole grain food requires less processing than white flour. 

White flour is made from wheat, corn, and soybeans, which require more processing than whole grain.

It's not that it's less processing, it's that it requires more energy.  Wheat flour has a lot of energy in it, so it's going to take more energy to make it.  The amount of energy it takes to make a loaf of bread is going to be a lot higher than the energy it requires to make whole grain bread.
The bedridden and those dependent on machines for survival can be moved out of the building.  They can be taken to the emergency room, where they can be checked by a doctor or nurse, and then taken to a nearby hospital.
When you look at the sun from above, you're looking at it from a different angle than you are from below.

The sun's light travels through the atmosphere at a different speed than the rest of the world's light, so it bends the light as it passes through it. 

When the sun is above the horizon, the light from the earth's atmosphere is traveling at the same speed as the light coming from the sun, but the atmosphere is much more dense than the earth, so the light that is traveling through it bends it in the opposite direction to the direction you are looking at.
It depends on the situation. 

In the case of a C-section, the baby is still in the uterus, and the mother is not able to give birth.

If the mother can't give birth, she will be delivered by cesarean section.
Your brain has a system called the circadian rhythm. 

It's a system that tells your brain when it's time to go to sleep, wake up, eat, sleep, etc.  It's based on the fact that your body's circadian rhythm is set by the sun rising and setting.  When you wake up in the morning, the sun is rising, and when you go to bed in the evening, it's setting.

Your body has a clock that tells you how much time has passed since you last slept.  Your brain interprets that as a clock.
It's called the [Recency illusion](_URL_0_) and it's caused by the [Dm effect.

When you learn a new word or term from a T.V show or game, you start seeing it frequently after that. It's like when you see a picture of a dog and you see it a lot, and your brain starts associating it with things that are familiar to you.
We don't yet have a cable provider that will let you pick and pay for ONLY the channels you want. 

There are a few reasons for this, but the main one is that the cable company has to pay a licensing fee to the local broadcasters for the rights to broadcast the channels they want to carry.

The local broadcasters have to pay the cable companies for the right to carry their channels, and the local cable companies have to agree to let them carry those channels.
The more you eat before going to bed, the more your body releases ghrelin, which is a hormone that tells your brain that it is time for food. 

When you eat, your blood sugar levels drop, and your body starts to take in more glucose, which makes you feel hungry.
Russia has a lot to gain from invading Ukraine. 

Ukraine is a poor country with a lot of natural resources.  It has a large population, a large amount of natural gas reserves, and a huge amount of oil reserves.  Ukraine is also surrounded by other countries that are poor.  If Russia were to invade Ukraine, it would be seen as an act of aggression.

Russia also wants to expand their influence in the region.  They have a huge oil reserves, a huge population, and they have a large number of oil and gas reserves that they can use to build up their military.
Because the wind is coming from the direction from which it originates, not the direction the air is actually moving.
Free shipping is a marketing tactic used primarily by online vendors and mail-order catalogs as a marketing strategy to attract customers.  

The cost of shipping is not the cost of the item itself, it's the cost to transport the item to the customer.  The customer pays for the costs of handling, handling, and on-carriage of the goods.  If the item is shipped to a store, the store pays the cost for the delivery, and the customer pays the rest of the cost.

If the product is shipped directly to the consumer, the customer doesn't pay any of the
The Grammys have two categories: Record of the Year and Album of the year.

Recording of The Year is given to the album that has sold the most copies in the United States in the last 12 months. 

An album of the same length as a record is considered to be the best album in the world. 


A song is a recording that has been released in the past 12 months and has sold more copies than any other album in that time period.  It's not a record, it's an album.  So, if you're talking about a song that was released
Saddam Hussein was the leader of the Baath party. He was a member of the Iraqi Baath Party, which was the ruling party of the country at the time. 

He was the son of Michel Aflaq, who was the founder of the party, and the father of Saddam Hussein.

When he became president of Iraq, he was appointed by his father, but he didn't really have any real power.  He was in charge of the military, but not the government.  In fact, he wasn't even the head of the government at all.  It was the
Your body is made up of a lot of tiny compressible materials, like water. 

The atmospheric pressure does not crushes our body because our body is mostly composed of barely compressible material such as water.
A signature is a way of proving that you are who you say you are. 

For example, if you have a contract with a company that requires you to sign a contract, and you don't want to reveal your identity, you can use your signature to prove that you're the one who signed the contract.

You can also use a notary public to verify that your signature is the one that actually signed it.
I think it has to do with the fact that animals don't vocalize when they are in pain. They don't know how to communicate it, so they just don't. 

Humans, on the other hand, are able to vocalize because our brains are wired to do so. When we're in pain, our brains send signals to our vocal cords to let us know that we are in danger, so we vocalize to let others know we are hurt.
I think it has to do with our vocal cords. 

Our vocal cords are shaped differently than other people's.  Our vocal cords have different sizes and shape.  This means that we have different vocal cords and different shapes, which means that when we speak, we sound different to other people.
It depends on a lot of factors.

1. The bullet travels through the blood vessels in the abdominal cavity. 

2. If the bullet hits a large blood vessel or blood-bearing organ such as the heart or lungs, it will cause damage to the heart, which will cause the heart to stop pumping blood to the rest of the body.
3. If it hits a small blood vessel, it can cause bleeding, which can lead to peritonitis.
4. If there is a hole in the abdomen, it could lead to internal bleeding.
5. If a bullet hits the
Your eyes have a limited amount of processing power. 

When you're looking for something, your brain sends signals to your eyes to tell them where it is.  Your brain then interprets these signals and interprets them to tell you what it is looking for.  If you're not looking at it, you can't see it.

If you are looking at something for a long time, your eyes will send out a lot of signals telling your brain that it is there, but your brain doesn't have enough processing power to process them all at once.
The US has been trying to negotiate with Iran for years to get them to give up their nuclear program. 

Iran has been doing a lot of things that the US doesn't want them to do, such as building nuclear weapons and supporting terrorist groups.

The US is trying to get Iran to stop these things, but it's not easy.  Iran has a very strong military, and the US is worried that if they don't give up the nuclear program, they'll be able to build a nuclear bomb.  The US is also worried that Iran will develop nuclear weapons, and if that happens,
It's just a label to make us pay more and feel less guilty
I think it's because it's easier to sell something for $10 than it is to sell it for $9.99.
It's not because it's a boot, it's because you don't want it to be parked where it is. 

If you put a boot on a car because it is parked somewhere it is not supposed to be, then it's not a boot.
It's not that most people work for free editing the pages, it's that most of them work for paid jobs. 

Editors are paid for by companies who pay them to edit the pages.
When you charge an electronic device, the battery in the device is being recharged. 

When the battery is recharged, the voltage of the battery increases, and the current in the battery goes up.

If you have a battery that has a voltage of 0.5V, it will be recharged to a higher voltage than it was when it was first charged.  This means that the battery will be able to store more energy than it used to.
Your body's immune system has a different response to different colds.  

Your body produces different types of antibodies.  Your body produces antibodies against different cold-causing viruses.  These antibodies are produced by different parts of your immune system.  For example, if you have a cold, your body produces an immune response to a virus called an Igglutinin, which is a type of antibody that is produced by your body's red blood cells.  When you get a cold you're producing antibodies against the virus, but your body doesn't have enough of these antibodies to fight the virus
It's not programmed in us, it's just that we're programmed to think of our SO as a part of us. 

Imagine you have a piece of paper with a picture of your SO on it.  You write down the name of the person on it, and the date of the event.  Then you write down their name and the time.  If you write it down in a book, you can look it up.  But if you don't, you'll end up writing down the date and the year.  That's how we learn about our SO.

If you write
It's not meant to be for *complex* topics to be explained simply. 

It's meant to encourage people to talk about complex topics in a way that is easy to understand.
Snapchat doesn't really need to fix the picture quality on Android.  It's not like Snapchat is trying to compete with the quality of photos taken by Apple's cameras.  Snapchat is just trying to make money.
ATMs work in terms of profit.

When you withdraw money from an ATM, you pay the bank a fee. The bank then uses that money to pay the restaurant/bar a commission. 

If you withdraw cash from the ATM, the bank takes a percentage of the money you withdraw, and the restaurant or bar gets a commission on that money. 


This is called a "surcharge".

It's a fee that the bank pays to the bar or restaurant for the time it takes to process the transaction, and then the bar/restaurant gets a portion of the
It's not 98% effective, it's 98% safe.

Basically, it means that 98% of people who use condoms will not get sexually transmitted diseases.
Tattooing can lead to blood clots, which can cause a lot of bleeding. Blood banks don't want that.
The minifridge heats up the water in the tank, which causes it to condense into a thin layer of ice.  The water is then pumped into the freezer, where it cools down.  When the water is cold enough, it starts to form ice crystals.
The ship will be towed to the nearest port, where it will be loaded onto a tugboat. 

The tugboat will then be towed out to the bottom of the ocean, where they will use sonar to locate the ship.

Once they find the ship, they will be able to raise it out of the water and put it back on land.
Electronic music is a type of music that uses synthesizers and drum machines. 

There are a lot of different types of electronic music, but I'll try to break it down into a few categories.

Dance music is the most common type.  It is generally made with synthesizers, drums, bass, and vocals.  There are a few different kinds of drummers and bassists, and there are many different styles of synthesizers.  The most common ones are the ones that are used in electronic dance music.  These are called drummers, bassists and guitarists.
The front of the phone is covered by a shell. 

The phone is not designed to be used as a speaker.  It is designed to display the screen.  If you want to put a speaker on the front of your phone, you need to be able to see the screen, which is hard to do.
It's called a "thunderclap" headache, and it's caused by a sudden change in pressure in the blood vessels in your skull. 

When you get a headache, the pressure inside your skull increases, and your brain interprets that as a signal that your blood vessels are constricting, which causes the pain receptors in your brain to fire.
Computer Science is the study of computer science. 

Computer science is a very broad field.  It's not just about programming, it's also about understanding how computers work.

For example, if you want to build a database, you need to know how to use a database.  You need to understand how to store data, how to manage it, and how to extract information from it.  This is done by using computers to store and manipulate data.  If you are a database administrator, you have to be able to manage all of these things.  For example, you might want to
I think it has to do with the fact that deep sea creatures don't have eyes.  They don't need them.  Deep sea creatures have very small eyes, so they can't see as well as other sea creatures.
Because it's easier for people to open.

It's also cheaper to have it easier to open than it is to make it harder to open, which is why they do it.
Stem cell treatment is not a medical breakthrough, it is a medical advancement. 

It's not that it could revolutionize modern medicine as we know it, it's that it would be a medical revolution.

Stem cells can be used to repair damaged tissue, but they can also be used as a scaffold to build new tissue. 


The problem is that it's not something that can be done in a way that is ethically acceptable.  It's a medical advance, but it's also something that could be used for a variety of medical problems.  The problem is,
It's not that they want animals to eat them, it's because they want to attract them.

Carotenoid pigments are what give animals their color. 

If you look at a bird's feathers, they're made of carotenoids, which are the same pigments that give them their bright color.
The quotation marks are used to indicate that the quote is in quotation marks, not quotation marks.
We don't have a finite amount of teeth. 

Our teeth are a product of evolution.  We evolved to be able to eat a lot of food and chew it.  That's why we have so many teeth.

We also evolved to have a smaller jaw, which allows us to chew more easily.
I'm not an expert, but I can give you a general overview of the effects of THC.

THC is a chemical in your brain that affects the neurotransmitters that are responsible for memory, memory, working memory, and working memory. 

When you take a hit of THC, your brain releases a chemical called endocannabinoid, which is a neurotransmitter that is part of your brain.  It's the same chemical that makes you feel happy, excited, happy, etc.  But when you take too much of it, it messes with your brain's ability to process information
They don't have access to any of those things. 

They are locked in their cells, but they can get out of their cells by breaking the bars.  They can also get out through the windows, or they can break the locks of their cell doors.
Love is not an evolutionary advantage.

It is an evolutionary disadvantage. 

When you fall in love, you lose the ability to mate with other animals.  You are no longer able to compete with them for their resources.  This means that you are less likely to be able to find a mate.  If you are able to mate, you are more likely to have a child, which means that your offspring will have a better chance of being able to survive and reproduce.  When you are not able to breed, you will not have a chance of having a child at all.
The word "baby" has been around for a long time, but it's been used in a sexual context since at least the early 1900s. 

It's just a word that's been around since the 1800s, and it's just been used to refer to a baby.

The first time I heard it, it was in a song called "Miss Lucy" which was a song about a baby who was dropped in the chamber pot bathtub.  It was sung by a woman who was pregnant, and the word was used to describe the baby.
The difference between Spanish spoken in Latin America and Spain is that Spanish is spoken by people who speak different dialects of the language. 

For example, in Spain, there are many dialects that are spoken by different people in different parts of the country. In the case of Castile, for example, the dialect of Castilian spoken in the south of Spain is called "Castellano" or "Castilian-Castilian". In the north of Spain, it is called Castilian-Argentinian.

In Latin America, the Spanish spoken by the people of the region is known as "
The USSR was a communist country. It was ruled by the Communist Party, which was a political party, not a religious organization. 

There was no freedom of speech, there was no free speech, and there were no freedoms of religion. There was a lot of fear of being arrested for any kind of political opinion, and it was illegal to speak out against the regime.

People were forced to work for the government, and they were paid by the state to do so. They were not allowed to leave the country, and if they did, they were put in concentration camps, where they were forced
We don't have driverless cars because we don't want to pay for them. 

We have planes and trains because we want them to be able to fly.
A molecule is an electrically neutral group of two or more atoms held together by chemical bonds.

An element is an atom that has an electron in its nucleus. 

A chemical molecule is a group of atoms that have a chemical bond between them.
It's not that emulators are superior to consoles, it's that they're not as good at emulating old consoles as they are at reproducing them.

An emulator is a way for developers to make a game that works on a console, but doesn't have the same features as the original console. For example, if you're making a game for the NES, you might want to make it for the original NES, but if you want to emulate the NES then you need to make the game for it, and that's not easy to do on an emulator. 

A console emulator is
Google and Amazon are not down for maintenance, they are down because their servers are constantly being used by millions of people. 

Google has a huge network of servers, and they are constantly adding new servers to their network.

Amazon has a massive network, and it is constantly adding more and more servers to its network.
The Tea Party is a group of people who believe that the government is too big and too powerful. They want to reduce the size and scope of the government so that it is less intrusive and less intrusive into the lives of the people. 

They believe that government spending and taxes are a burden on the people, so they want to cut them out of the equation.
Mangos are parthenocarpic, meaning they have a hard core. 

Kiwi and oranges have a soft core, but the seeds are in the middle of the fruit.

Peaches, pears, and kiwis have a very soft core because they have the seeds in the center.
Vicks is an oil, which is a lubricant. 

When you rub it on your throat, it makes your mucus glands produce more mucus, which makes you cough less.
I think it has to do with the fact that people are more likely to buy a muted color than a bright one. 

If you look at a bright car, you will notice that it looks like it has a lot of chrome on it, which makes it look like it's a lot more expensive.

But if you go to a car dealership, you'll see that the car is a lot less expensive than if you bought it off the shelf, so they will sell it in a more muted color.
I'm not sure what you're asking about, but I'll try to do my best to explain.

Philosophy is a very broad field of thought, and there are a lot of different schools of thought. 

One of the main areas of interest is the intersection between science and philosophy, and the intersection of science with philosophy. 


For example, we can think of philosophy as a way of thinking about the world.  We can think about the universe as a collection of things, and we can talk about them in terms of how they relate to each other.  For example,
Salaried employees are required to work 40 hours a week.  

If you are a salaried employee, you are exempt from the wage and hour law.  This means that you can work more hours than 40 hours per week, but you don't have to be paid for it.

However, if you are an employee of a non-salaried company, and you work more than forty hours in a week, you're not exempt from overtime.  You have to report it to your employer, and they have to pay you for it, but they can't force you to
It's not that they don't want to, it's that they want to be able to host their own support forums/communities instead of setting up a subreddit.
The instruments on New Horizons are called ALICE, LORRI, PEPSSI, RALPH, REX, SDC, and SWAP. 

Each of these instruments has a different purpose.

ALICE is a radio receiver.  It is used to send radio signals back to Earth.  The instruments are used to detect radio waves and send them back to earth.  They are also used to measure the speed of light.  This is done by measuring the speed at which light travels through the atmosphere.  These instruments can then be used to determine how fast the wind is moving
They don't coordinate to make such a complex community. 

A hive is a collection of individual bees, ants, termites, wasps, and ants.  Each individual has a specific job that they do, and each individual is assigned to a specific task.  
 
Each individual has their own set of tasks that they perform.  For example, if you want to find food, you need to know where the best place is to find it.  If you don't know where it is, you can't find it, so you have to find other people who do.  You
I think it has to do with the fact that the operating system has to connect to the hard drive. 

The hard drive has to be connected to the motherboard, which is a piece of hardware that connects to the CPU and the RAM.  The hard drive is connected to a computer, and the CPU has to communicate with the RAM to make sure it's connected.

When you boot up your computer, you're connecting to a hard drive, which has a bunch of wires connected to it.  These wires are connected to different parts of the computer.  When the computer boots up, it connects
Women's non-casual clothing never widely developed pockets like men's clothing has. 

In the past, women were expected to carry very little, so they didn't need pockets.  They were also expected to wear a lot of layers, which meant that they had very few places to put things.
It depends on the country. 

In the UK, you can get a law degree in England and Wales, but you have to be admitted to the Bar (the equivalent of a university degree in the US).  


You have to go through a course of study and pass a written exam.  You have to take a course called the Legal Practical Legal Training (PLT), which is basically a 3-year course in which you learn the practical aspects of law.  



In order to become a lawyer, you must pass the Bar Examination, which is the equivalent of the
North Korea and South Korea are two different countries. 

North Korea is a communist country, while South Korea is an ally of the United States.

Both countries are ruled by the same leader, Kim Jong-il.  They are both communist, but the North has a lot more money than the South, and the South has more land than the North.
Yahoo was too big. 

Google was too small.

Yahoo didn't have the resources to compete with Google and Facebook.
It's called Chapter 11 bankruptcy. 

Basically, a company owes hundreds of millions of dollars in debt to various creditors.   
 
When a company files for bankruptcy, they have to come up with a plan of reorganization to pay off all of their debts.  This means that they will have to sell off all their assets and start from scratch.  They will also have to pay back all of the money they owe to the people who lent them money to start the company.

This is called a "winding down" or "reorganization" of the company, and
The UK is a country. 

It's not a single country, it's a group of countries.

The United Kingdom is a collection of countries that are part of the European Union, the United Nations, the Commonwealth, and the EU.  The EU is the EU, the UN is the UN Security Council, the AU is the AU, the USA is the USA, and so on.
It's not that long, it's just that it's a very long distance. 

The bridge is about 50 miles long, and the distance between the two ends of the bridge is a little more than 50 miles.

If you were to drive from Bojack Horseman to Hawaii, you'd have to travel about 1.5 hours.
Parma ham comes from Parma, Italy. Parmesan cheese comes from Parmigiano-Reggio Calabria, in the south of Italy.
The UK is a collection of four countries, England, Wales, Scotland, Northern Ireland, and Ireland.  

England, Wales and Northern Ireland are all part of the UK, but each has its own parliament or assembly and is self-governing with respect to certain areas set down by law.
Level counters are 8bit integer values. 

When you play a game like Pac Man, you are trying to eat every dot, energizer, fruit, and enemy, without losing a single life, and using all extra lives to score as many points as possible on level 256.

If you have a level counter of 256, you can't do that.  It's too large for the 8bit registers.  So the game resets itself to 0 and gives the remaining 4 as the time/bonus.
I think it has to do with the fact that when you're confronted with a wall of text, or book, you're compelled to look for a shorter version or skip it entirely, but you have no problem spending entire hours reading Reddit comments.
When you push your uncooked spaghetti deeper into the boiling water, you're pushing the water out of the way of the water, which causes it to boil harder. 

When you cook spaghetti, the water in the middle of the spaghetti cooks faster than the water at the bottom of the pot, so the water on the bottom is hotter than the top.

If you push the water further out, you are pushing it towards the top, which pushes the water towards the bottom, which makes it hotter.
They don't pass gas in space, they inhale it and exhale it. 

When you're in the ISS, you breathe through your nose and inhale through your mouth.  When you get out of the capsule, you exhale through a small tube that connects to a nasal cannulae, which is a device that allows you to inhale air through your nostrils.
Cats have a different digestive system than dogs. 

Dogs eat a lot of carbohydrates, which is why they can't digest as much as cats.  They also have a much larger digestive tract, which means that they can eat more food.

Cats, on the other hand, have a very small digestive tract.  This means that when they eat, they don't need as much food as dogs do.
Doner kebabs contain a lot of carbohydrates. 

Carbohydrates are very soluble, so they don't need to be digested by your digestive tract.

Proteins are not soluble, but they can be broken down by the digestive tract into amino acids, which your body needs to digest.
I think it has to do with the nicotine receptors in your brain. When you inhale the smoke, it activates the nicotinic acetylcholine receptors in the brain. These receptors are located in the central nervous system and at the nerve-muscle junction of skeletal muscles; whose activity increases heart rate, alertness, and faster reaction times.

When you smoke a cigarette, the nicotine binds to these receptors and activates them, causing them to release dopamine, which is the neurotransmitter that makes you feel good.
Hashtags are a way for people to find each other.  

_URL_0_
Your immune system is made up of a bunch of molecules called cytokines. These are proteins that your body produces in response to stress. When you are stressed, your immune system activates these proteins, and they are released into your body. 

When you are not stressed, these cytokines are released in your body, and your body doesn't know what to do with them. They are released by the sympathetic nervous system, which is the part of your body that controls your heart, blood pressure, and other bodily functions. When your body is under stress, it activates the immune system, and the immune cells are
It's just a way to make it easier to read the label. 

_URL_0_
I'm not an expert, but I can give you a few pointers.

1. You need to know how to navigate the internet covertly and anonymously. 

2. Find a way to connect to the internet that doesn't require you to use your real name. 


3. Find an internet connection that you can't be traced back to, and connect to it covertly.
A blazer is a sport coat, a suit is a formal suit, usually with a tailored jacket.

A sport coat is a coat that is worn for outdoor activities, such as hunting or hunting.  It is usually made of wool or tweed, and is usually tailored from solid colors or striped fabrics.  A suit is made up of a long-sleeved shirt, usually in white or light blue, and often with a tie.
Principia Mathematica does not prove 1+1=2, it proves 1+2=1.

1+2 = 1

2+1 = 2

It's a proof of the Gdel's second incompleteness theorem. 

Gdel's theorem states that for any natural number n, n has the decidable property of not being a code for a contradiction in F. This means that if you have a set of natural numbers n, and you want to prove that 0=1, you must prove that n is not a natural number.
I think it has to do with the way the sheets absorb sweat.  When you sleep, your skin is constantly sweating, and the sweat evaporates off of the sheets.  So when you put clean sheets on your sheets, they absorb more of that sweat, which makes them feel better.
Basic income is a concept that has been around for a long time. 

Basic income means that you don't need to work to receive a basic income.

It's not a universal basic income, it's a program that is meant to help people who don't earn enough to pay for their own food and shelter.
The car lights are not actually flicker, they are vibrating. 

The car is vibrating at a certain speed, and the car's engine is moving at that speed.

When the car is moving, the vibrations cause the car to appear to be moving, but it's not.
It's grammatically correct to use affect and effect. 

In English, the subject is the subject, the object is the object, and the verb is the verb.

The subject is a noun, and object is a verb.
Embezzlement is taking something that does not belong to the perpetrator.

Larceny is stealing something that belongs to the owner.
The convenience fee is a percentage of the total cost of processing the transaction.  

If you have a business that accepts credit cards, it's not a convenience fee.  It's a fee that the credit card company pays for the privilege of processing your business.  If you're not a credit card holder, and you don't want to pay the convenience fee, then you can't charge it.
It's not that we're a meritocracy, it's that we don't believe that hard work will grant success.

If you work hard, you'll get rewarded for it. If you don't, you won't.
It's not a question of "do black lives matter or do all lives matter" it's about "do we need to do something about police brutality". 

Bernie Sanders is a democratic socialist, and he is a member of the Democratic Party. He is not a racist, he is an anti-war socialist, he has not been involved in any violent protests in the last few years.

Black Lives Matter is a group of people who are protesting police brutality, and they are protesting Bernie Sanders.
The Secret Service is a law enforcement agency. It's job is to protect the president, vice president, and other high ranking government officials. 

The FBI is a criminal investigation agency.  It's supposed to be able to do whatever it needs to do.
I think it's because TV shows have a shorter running time than movies.

A TV show is usually shorter than a movie, so it's easier for the writers and directors to get the story down on paper. 

Movies, on the other hand, have a longer running time, so they have to spend a lot more time writing and editing.
I think it has to do with the temperature of the water in the pool. The water in a cold pool is colder than the water you are swimming in. 

In a hot shower, the water is hotter than the pool water, so it feels colder to your body.
The word "girlfriend" was originally used to refer to a woman who was a friend of a man who was dating a man. 

"Girlfriend" is a colloquial term for a person who is not in a romantic relationship with a man, but is also used to describe a friend who is dating a woman.
It depends on the type of 3D projector. 

DLP (Digital Light Source) 3D uses a special type of light source called a [DLP](_URL_0_).  It's basically a camera that uses light from a single source to project a 3D image onto the screen.  The light from the DLP light source is reflected back to the viewer's eyes.  When the light hits the screen, it causes the light to bounce off the back of the screen and bounce off of the lens.  This bounces the light back to your eyes, causing you to see
It's called the [Saliva Hypernatrium](_URL_0_). It's a chemical in your saliva that overpowers all other taste receptors and makes everything taste'salty'.
Love is not a feeling, it is a decision. 

When you are attracted to someone, your brain sends signals to your brain telling it that you want to mate with them.  Your brain interprets this as a desire to have sex with them, which is why you have a sexual drive to mate.  When you love someone, the brain tells your brain that they are the one you should mate with, and that you should be with them for the rest of your life.  If you are not attracted to them, then your brain tells you that they aren't the one for you, and you
F-stop is a punctuation mark that is used to indicate the end of sentences that are not questions or exclamations. 

It's used to end sentences that don't have a question or exclamation point, such as:

1. "He was wearing a black-and-white shirt"

2. "I'm wearing a blue shirt."

3. "My name is Gabriel Gama, Jr."
It's a universal thing, it's just that different cultures have different ways of saying "yes" and "no". 

In some cultures, the head bobble is used to indicate "yes", in other cultures, it is used as a sign of "no" or "I don't understand".
I'm not sure what you mean by "stabilization" but I'll try to explain it.

When you take a picture of something moving, you can see that it looks like it's moving, but it's actually not. The camera has a sensor in the back of it that records the movement of the object in the picture. When the camera is moving, the sensor is sending out a signal to the computer, and the computer interprets that signal as a waveform. This waveform is then translated into an image, which is then displayed on the screen. 

Stabilization is
1/10 = 10/100

10/100 = 1/10

1/100 is the probability that 10/10 is the same as 1/100.
It depends on the website. 

If you're talking about the NFL, the NFL stats are updated on a daily basis.

The NFL has a lot of data on their website, and it's constantly being updated.  They have a huge database of stats that they use to keep track of everything that happens in the NFL season.  The NFL also has a big database of player stats, which they also use to track how many people watch their games, and how many times they have watched a game in the past year.  It's also updated by the NFL.  If you want to see
It's because the pinball machine has a mechanism called a "gravity pick". 

Basically, the ball is pushed down a spiral ramp, and when it hits the bottom of the machine, it slows down.  This causes the ball to bounce back up the ramp, which causes it to make a loud popping sound.
MDR and MAR are two different things.

MDR is a standard that the FDA uses to determine if a drug is safe and effective.  It's a way for the FDA to make sure that the drug meets the requirements of the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) before it's approved.  

MAR is a way to ensure that the company that makes the drug is complying with the requirements set forth by the FDA.  The FDA uses it to track the company's compliance with the rules set forth in the FDA's regulations.  If the company doesn't meet the requirements, they can
Ozone (O3) is higher up than Oxygen (O2) because it is more reactive. 

Oxygen is a diatomic molecule, meaning that it has two unpaired electrons.  It absorbs and emits light at different wavelengths.  Ozone, on the other hand, is a triatomic molecule.

The reason it's higher up in the atmosphere is because it's more reactive, which means that it absorbs more light and emits more ultraviolet light.
I'm not sure what you mean by hundreds of takes, but I think it has to do with the amount of time it takes to edit a video. 

When you're editing a video, you have to take a lot of different angles and different angles of the camera, and you need to edit them all to make it look good.

If you take a single shot of something, you can edit it to look good, but if you take multiple takes of the same thing, you'll end up with something that looks like it's been done hundreds of times.
Your eyes are made up of a bunch of cells called rods and cones. When you rub your eyes, you're stimulating them, and they start to do their thing. 

When you're not rubbing them, they're not doing their thing, and the light from the outside of the room is bouncing off of them, causing your vision to fade.
A "hostile witness" is a person who is hostile to the prosecution. 

A hostile witness is someone who has been called to testify against the defendant, and is not allowed to be cross-examined by the defendant's attorney.

The judge can declare a hostile witness to be hostile if he finds that their testimony is antagonistic or contrary to the legal position of the defendant. 


In other words, if the defendant has a lawyer, and the defendant does not, the defendant can't cross examine the hostile witness.
Banks don't need to be open at 5 when most people are just getting off of work.

They need to stay open because they need to keep their doors open for depositors. If they were to close at 5, they would have to let people walk in and out of the bank, which is not a good idea.
Yes.

Conventional firearms would be ridiculously useful or useless in outer space. 

First of all, they would be extremely heavy, and would have to be fired at extremely high speeds to be effective. 


Second, there would be a lot of debris in space, and it would be very difficult to control the trajectory of the weapon.  If you were to fire a conventional gun into space, you would be shooting into the atmosphere, which would cause it to burn up.  




Third, it would take a lot more energy to launch a conventional weapon into space than it
If you were to see the molecular structure of solid matter around you, what elements would be the most frequently seen?
The National Guard is a part of the state militia.  It is used by the state governors to provide security for the state.  

The purpose of the National Guard was originally to protect the state from invasion by the federal government.  During the Civil War, it was used as a reserve force to help protect the states from invasion.

During World War I, the National Guards were used to help defend the states during the war.  After the war, the states decided that they wanted to have their own reserve forces, so they decided to disband the national guard.  They decided to keep the
There is a market for it, but it's not as big as it used to be. 

There are a few reasons:

1. It's expensive.

2. It takes a lot of time and money to make it work.
3. It would require a huge amount of research and development.
4. There's no market.
It's called a nucleophilic substitution reaction. 

It's a chemical reaction that occurs when two molecules are in contact with each other.

One molecule binds to another molecule, and the other molecule attaches itself to it.  This is called nucleophilization, and it's a common reaction in organic chemistry.
Lethal injection is more humane than a bullet to the brain. 

The reason is because the drug is injected into the brain, not the other way around.

When a bullet hits the brain it causes a lot of damage to the surrounding tissue, which causes the brain to constrict, causing the person to feel pain.  This causes them to not be able to feel the pain of the bullet, which is why it is considered more humane.  Lethal injection uses a barbiturate to paralyze the brain and paralyze it so that it stops the heart and stops the blood flow to the
Antenna Theory:

A dipole antenna is an antenna that radiates energy in all directions perpendicular to an axis (azimuthal directions), with power varying with angle to the axis (elevation angle), declining to zero on the axis.

An omnidirectional antenna is a monopole antenna which radiates equal energy in every direction perpendicular to the antenna, with the power varying only with the angle to an angle, with no power decreasing with angle. 

Monopole antennas are usually oriented vertically, so they produce a horizontally-polarised signal. 


A high-gain antenna (HGA)
It's a marketing ploy to get you to go back to their page. 

They know that if you don't go back, they won't be able to sell you anything.
The telecoms lobby is much more powerful than the tech lobbyists. They have a lot more money, and they have more influence in Congress.

The tech lobbyists are much less powerful because they don't have as much money.
It's a cultural thing. 

In the US, the word "nigger" is used as a pejorative.  It's used to refer to people who are black, and it's used in a derogatory way because it's derogatory.
Deaf people who are born deaf have a cochlear implant in their ears, which is a device that allows them to hear sound, but not hear speech. 

Deaf-mute people learn to communicate with other people by using sign language.  They use sign language to express their thoughts, feelings, and feelings.
Your eyes are made up of three types of cells. 

Long, Medium, and Short wavelengths.  These are the ones that are sensitive to red, green, and blue light.

Short, Medium and Long wavelengths are light that is absorbed by the cells in your eye, and Long, Long, and Medium are short wavelengths that are absorbed by your brain.  This is why you see different colors in different parts of your eyes.
He was born in the United States. He is a US citizen. 

The Constitution says that the President must be a "natural born citizen" of the U.S.

He is not.
It's not the size, it's the size of the hardware. 

The size of a gamepad is what makes it possible to make a slim console.

A gamepad has to be small enough to fit in the palm of your hand, but not so small that it can't fit in your pocket.  It's also small enough that it doesn't need to be attached to your body.
It's not that most of these questions could be answered with a quick google search, it's that they're not that easy to answer. 

If you're looking for an answer to a question, you need to spend a lot of time looking for the answer.
Cauterization works by heating the blood vessels. 

When you open a wound, the blood is exposed to the elements.  The heat causes the blood to coagulate, which causes it to stop bleeding.  When you cauterize the wound, it stops the coagulation and stops the bleeding.
It's called [fibrillation](_URL_0_) and it's caused by fibrillation in the nerves that control your muscles. 

Your arm and other parts of your body twitch incessantly at random times because your nerves are firing at a very high rate.

The nerve that controls your muscles is called the motor nerve, and it is located in your arm.  The nerve is connected to your brain, and when it receives a stimulus, it sends out a series of electrical impulses.  These impulses are sent to the muscle fibers, which are then sent back to the brain.
The Wildcat is a play where the quarterback takes the snap and runs the ball down the field.  

In the NFL, it's illegal.  It's not illegal in college football, but it is illegal in the NFL.

The wildcat is used in college because it allows the quarterback to take the snap, run the ball, and pass the ball to a receiver on the other side of the line of scrimmage.
There was a lot of electronic music made before Logic and Cubase. 

In the early 1900s, there was an instrument called the [Musical telegraph](_URL_0_).  It was an electromechanical instrument that used electromagnetism to send a signal to a speaker, which was then amplified by a diaphragm.  The speaker was powered by electricity, and the signal was transmitted to the speaker.  This was the first electronic instrument.

There were many other instruments that used the same principle, but they used different methods to make the sound.
They do a lot of things like:

1. Update the hardware and software on the server

2. Make sure the server is up and running

3. Reset the hard drive

4. Check the network configuration

5. Reset all the hard drives

6. Update all the software

7. Check all the hardware

8. Check for any errors

9. Check to see if there are any problems

10. If there is a problem, they will reboot the server.

Edit: 

_URL_0_

EDIT
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm going to try to explain it as best I can. 

DJ's use their turntables and mixers to play music.  They use a microphone to announce the song, and the crowd to know where to go to dance.  When they're not playing music, they are reading the crowd's reaction to the music and making sure they know where they want to go.  If they don't know, they can use the audience's reaction as a cue to change the song.
Stalin was the leader of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union from 1922 until his death in 1953.

He was a member of the Bolshevik Party, which was the ruling party of Russia at the time.  He was a Bolshevik leader, but he was not a Bolshevik, he was part of the Bolsheviks, who were the political party of the Russian Revolution of 1917.  The Bolsheviks were the party that led the revolution in Russia, and they were led by Lenin, who was the founder of the party.  After Lenin's death in 1924, Stalin was appointed to the post of General Secretary of
The side button is a sensor.  It uses electromagnetic waves to send information to the computer.  The computer then uses that information to track the pen's position.  If you hold down the side button, the computer knows where the pen is.
I think it has to do with the size of the prongs. 

A 3 prong plug is a lot smaller than a 2 prong one, so it's easier to fit into a 2-prong receptacle.

If you're talking about a 5-15R or 5-20R receptacle, they have 3 prongs, but they're all the same width, so you can plug them into the same receptacle either way.
It's a combination of two things. 

1. The toilet is flushable, which means that the water in the tank is constantly being flushed.

2. The pipes that carry the water to the toilet are very long, so the water is constantly coming out of the tank, which causes the water pressure inside the tank to build up, which makes it louder.
Sound doesn't travel in space, it travels through the air.

If there is some sort of invisible barrier around the earth where the atmosphere turns into space that sound can't travel through, if so, it will bounce off.
It's called photic sneezing, and it's caused by a chemical reaction in your nose called photophosphorylation. When you look up at the sun, the light causes your eyes to water, which causes your nose to dry out, which triggers a sneeze. 

_URL_0_
Lethal injection is more humane than hanging. 

It's easier to kill someone with a single blow to the head than it is to cut someone's head off with a guillotine.
If they sold their designs to the Russians or Chinese, they would have to give up their patents. 

If they didn't, they'd have to sell their patents to someone else.

There's no way to know for sure, but I'm guessing it would be a Chinese company.
Gfycat is a type of computer animation. 

GIFs are a way for computer programs to make a series of images that look like they are being animated.

The words at the top of a gfycat gif are just a bunch of random words that are used to make the image look like it's being animated, but are actually just a series that are being made up by the computer. 


_URL_0_

"Frog" is a word that means "frog" or "frog" in English. It's used to represent the sound of a
Overtime is when you work more hours than you are legally required to work. 

If you work 40 hours in a week, you are required to be paid for 40 hours of overtime.  If you work 48 hours in one week, and you work 32 hours the next week, then you are paid for the extra hours you worked.

It's not profitable for a company to pay it, but it's profitable for them to offer it.
It's called "broken heart syndrome" and it's caused by an overstimulation of the vagus nerve, which is the nerve that connects your heart to your brain. 

When you lose a loved one, your heart has to work harder to pump blood, so it has to contract harder. This means that the muscles in your heart need to be stronger to pump more blood, which means that your heart muscles need to work more hard to pump the same amount of blood.

Some people have a harder time with this because they are used to their heart working harder than others, so they feel the
Galileo is a European satellite navigation system. It is operated by the European Union, and is part of the Galileo satellite network.

GPS is a military-operated system, which is used by the US military. It uses GPS satellites to keep track of where you are in the world. 

The difference between GPS and Galileo is that GPS uses GPS signals from the ground, while Galileo uses signals from satellites orbiting the earth, which are transmitted by the satellites themselves.
It's not really a point of cancer, it's a way for the cancer to spread to other parts of your body. 

Your hair is a part of the body, and if you lose your hair, it will grow back.  If you donate your hair to cancer, the cancer will spread to your brain, and your brain will grow cancerous cells in your brain.
The point of a judge is to make sure the law is followed.

A jury is not the same as a judge.
I think it has to do with the karma system. 

Karma is a measure of how many upvotes and downvotes a post gets.  It's based on the number of upvotes you get from other users.  If you get 100 upvotes, you get 50 points, and if you get 0, you lose 50 points.

If you get 1 upvote and 0 downvotes, then you get 10 points.  This is called "karma".

When a post is popular, it gets more upvotes than it gets downvotes.  When it gets 0 upvotes
I think it has to do with the fact that we tend to gravitate towards the more popular things in life. 

When you're young, you're attracted to the things that are popular because they are easy to do and easy to learn.  You're also attracted to those things because they make you feel good.  When you're older, you are attracted to things that make you look cool, because you feel like you have something to contribute to society.

If you do something that makes you feel cool, you will be more likely to be accepted by other people.  If you don't
The Higgs boson is a boson. 

_URL_0_
They don't make more money by charging people to stop it.

They make money by having you download the app.  If you don't want to use it, they don't charge you.
Yes, they do. 

The vocal cords are made up of a bunch of different types of tissue.  When you grow up, your vocal cords get longer and stronger.  As you get older, the length of the cords gets longer, and the tension of the vocal cords gets tighter.  This causes them to bend and eventually break.

There are other changes that take place as well, but they are not as obvious as the voice crack.  They are usually caused by damage to the larynx, which is the part of the voice box that controls the pitch of your voice.
A strong currency is bad because it makes it harder for other countries to sell their goods and services to other countries. 

When a country is selling more than it imports, the demand for its currency will tend to increase as other countries ultimately need the selling country's currency to make payments for the goods they want to buy.  This means that the value of the currency will rise, which makes it less competitive in the international market.

If a country has a large trade deficit, it means that they have to spend more money to pay for their goods, which means that their currency will lose value.
It's a chemical reaction between the battery and the metal.

When you brush your teeth, you're using a metal rod that has a small amount of metal in it. The metal rod has a tiny amount of electricity in it, and when you brush it, the metal rod vibrates. This vibrates, and the electric toothbrush senses that it's vibrating, and turns off the motor. 

The electric toothbrushes don't vibrate, they vibrate because they don't have any metal in them.
It's not the strong mouthwash that's causing the pain, it's the chemicals in the mouthwash itself.

Chlorhexidine is an antiseptic agent, which means that it binds to the salivary glands in your mouth, which are responsible for cleaning your teeth and gums. When you use mouthwash, you're applying it to your teeth, which is why it feels like it's burning.
Starcraft is a game where you play against other players. 

The game is set in the universe of Star Trek.  It is a space opera.  The first game in the series, Star Trek IV: A New Hope, was set in a galaxy far, far away.  There are many other games in the Star Trek universe, but the first game is the most well known.

Star Trek IV was set during the time of the fall of the Empire, and it is set on a planet called Novaria.  In the game, there are many different races and races of aliens,
It's not that the genes don't age, it's just that they don't work as well as we think they do. 

Genes are made up of a lot of little bits and pieces, and as they age, some of them stop working as well, and some don't.
It is possible. 

The Standard Model predicts that the Higgs boson is a massless particle.  It is predicted to be massless because it acts as the force carrier for gravity.  This means that it has no mass.

It is not possible for a particle to have any mass, but it is possible for it to have a mass.  The problem is that we don't know how to measure the mass of a particle, so we can't directly measure it.  We can measure it by measuring the rate at which it oscillates, which is a measure of how fast it
Feminism is not a movement. It is a political movement. 

Feminists are not the same thing as "progressive" or "left wing". They are not a political party, they are a social movement.

There are a lot of people who think that feminism is a bad thing, but they are not all the same. Some feminists believe that women should have equal pay, equal opportunities, equal access to education, equal pay for equal work, equal rights for women, equal opportunity for men, equal treatment for women in the workplace, equal wages for men in the military, equal
It depends on a lot of factors. 

1. The person's maturity.

2. The age of the person.
3. The maturity of the people who are attracted to each other

4. How the person is socialized

5. How they are treated

6. How much the person has been exposed to other people

7. How many people do they know

8. How often do they interact with others

9. Do they feel attracted to other children

10. Are they sexually attracted to the same people in different age groups
It's called a wet dream.

It's caused by a chemical imbalance in your brain that causes you to get erections while you're asleep. 

When you wake up, your brain sends a signal to your body telling your body that you're aroused, and your body responds by producing a hormone called oxytocin, which causes your penis to become erect. This hormone is produced by the hypothalamus, which is the part of your brain responsible for regulating your sex drive. 


When your body is aroused, it sends signals to your brain telling it that you need to get an erection,
When you're on a diet, your metabolism slows down. Your body is trying to get rid of excess calories, but your body doesn't have enough energy to do so. 

When you start to lose weight, your body releases hormones called leptin, which is a hormone that tells your body that you need to eat more calories to maintain your weight. When you eat too much, you're not getting enough leptin, and your body starts to produce more fat.

Your body is also trying to make sure that you don't get dehydrated, so your body has to use more energy to keep your body
Airlines don't want to lose money. 

They want to make sure they have enough money to cover their overhead costs.

Edit: I'm not sure if this is ELI5, but I'm going to assume it has something to do with the fact that the airline has to pay a fee to the company that handles the change of name.
They use a device called an Audimeter.  It's a device that's attached to a TV that records what's being watched.  They use it to measure how many people are watching a given program, and how many times they watch it in a given week.
It's called the vagovagal reflex. 

Basically, the nerve that controls the salivary glands in your mouth sends signals to your brain telling it that you need to contract your muscles. When you do this, it causes your muscles to contract, and your brain interprets that as a signal to your muscles telling them to contract.
Most websites don't tell you specifically whether the username or the password is incorrect.

They tell you when you enter the password, but they don't know if it's the wrong one.



If you're trying to access a site that doesn't require you to authenticate with your password, then they can't. 

But if you are trying to log in to a website that requires you to enter your username and password in the same place, they can tell you if the username is the correct one, and if the password isn't the right one.
It's not bad to have two anti-virus softwares installed. 

It's just bad to install them in the same folder.

If you have a virus, it will spread to all the files on your computer.  If you don't have one, it won't.
Tibet is a part of China. It's been ruled by the Dalai Lama since 1959. He is the spiritual leader of the Tibetan government. 

The Dalai Lama is the son of the last Dalai Lama, who was deposed by the Chinese government during the 1959 Tibetan Rebellion. He has been living in exile ever since.
When you fast, your tongue is exposed to a lot of air, which causes it to dry out. When you eat, your saliva is also exposed to the air, making it yellow.
I think it has to do with the way the letters are arranged in the alphabet. 

When you read a book, you are reading the letters in the same order as when you write them.

If you are writing in a different alphabet, you have to use a different order of letters, and the letters that are written in different order are not the same. 


For example, if you want to write in Latin, you use the Latin alphabet, but if you write in Greek, you need to use the Greek alphabet, which is written in Latin. So if you use Latin letters,
The Middle East is not a free market economy. 

There is a lot of oil in the region, which is why it is so important to have a stable government.

In the past, many of the countries in the Middle East were ruled by monarchies.  The monarchies were able to control the economy and control the political system because they were the only source of wealth.  They were also the only sources of oil.  So, they had to control all of the political and economic power in the country.  This is why they are still the way they are today.
We can draw straight lines, but we can't draw them in a straight line.

If you want to draw a line, you have to draw it in a way that is perpendicular to the plane. If you draw it straight, you are drawing a line at a point at an angle, and if you draw in a direction perpendicular to that angle, you're drawing straight lines at a distance at a different angle.



We can't do this because the plane is curved. The plane is not flat, it is curved, and you can't make straight lines in a flat plane. You can make
The constellations you see in the night sky are called asterisms.

Astronomers used to identify them by looking at the distance to each star, but now we know that the distance is determined by the number of stars in the sky, and not by the distance between them. 

This means that when you look at the sky from the ground, you can see that there are a lot of stars, but you can't see them all at the same time, so you have to divide the sky into quadrants, which is why you see the stars in different directions.
The space between our organs is filled with mucus. 

Our lungs, heart, stomach, intestines, and intestines contain a lot of mucus, which acts as a barrier between the air and the blood vessels.
Electronics store information in binary form. 

Think of it like this:

Imagine you have a piece of paper with a number on it.  You write down the number on the paper.  Then you write it down in binary.

Now imagine you want to know what the number is, but you don't know how to write the number down.  So you write down "1" or "0" as a binary value, and then you write "1", "0", and "1".

This is what a computer does.  It takes the information you wrote down
When you sleep, your body absorbs heat from the air around you. When you wake up, the air is still around you, so your body doesn't absorb as much heat as it does when you're asleep.
Astrology is the study of the zodiac. 

Astrologers study the position of planets in the sky, and how they interact with each other.  They use this information to predict what will happen in your life.  If you are born under a certain sign, you will be in a relationship with a certain star.  This is because the sun is in your sign, and the moon is in the sign of the moon.

If you were born under another sign, the sun would be in your zodiac sign, but the moon would be at the other sign.  The moon would
You're mining for bitcoins. 

Bitcoin is a decentralized currency.  It's a system where you can send and receive bitcoins, but you have to prove that the transaction is valid.  You have to find all the transactions in the blockchain, which is a ledger of all the previous transactions that have been broadcast to the rest of the network.

When you send a bitcoin, you send it to the network, and the network has to confirm that it's a valid transaction.  If you don't find any new transactions, you can't get any more bitcoins, so you need to keep track of
Mickey's eyes are attached to wires that are connected to the costume. When he is in the costume, he is wearing a blindfold, and when he is out of the costume he is not wearing one. 

_URL_0_
Humans don't have menstrual cycles. We have estrous cycles, which are when our ovaries produce hormones that make us ovulate, but we don't know we're ovulating. 

Our ovaries are called corpus luteum, which is the part of the uterus that contains the endometrium (the lining of the ovary) that is responsible for carrying the eggs that fertilize the ovum.

When we get ovulated, our ovum becomes distended, and the lining in the uterus starts to break down. This is called covert menstruation, and it's caused by
It's not a horrible insult, it's an expression of hate. 

It's a way for a radical Islamist to express their hatred for the group they are trying to support.  It's not the same as saying "It's for Daesh" because it's not an insult.
Nociceptors are a type of nerve that innervates bone. They are located in the periosteum, which is the part of the bone that contains the bone marrow. 

When you hurt your bone, it sends a signal to the spinal cord, which then sends that signal to your brain. The brain interprets that signal as pain, and sends it to your spinal cord.

If you injure your spine, the nerve that sends the pain signal is damaged, and the brain doesn't get the signal it needs, so it doesn't send it to the brain.
They don't. 

They use forceps to pull the object out of the wound.  They also use suction to pull it out.

If the object is too deep, they can use a suction machine to remove it.  If it's too small, they use a forceps.
It depends on the type of earwax. 

If you have a dry ear, it's because your skin has a lot of sebaceous glands that secrete sebum, which is a type of oil that protects your ear from bacteria.  If you have an oily ear, you have sebum glands that produce a lot more sebum.  This is why you get ear wax in the middle of your ear.

When you have oily ear wax, your skin is producing sebum which protects you from bacteria and other things that can cause infection.  When you have dry ear wax you
The UN is not a single entity.  It is a collection of countries.  The UN Security Council is made up of 5 permanent members (Russia, China, the US, UK, France, and Russia) and 5 non-permanent members (China, Italy, Russia, and the UK).  Each of these 5 countries has the power to veto any UN resolution that they don't like.

The reason for this is that the UN is a multilateral organization.  There is no one country that can veto a resolution.  

If the UN were a single country, it would be
We can see so much of the universe, but still have found no other signs of organic life. 

The reason is because we can't see all of it.  We can see the stars, but not all of the planets.

We can look at a lot of planets, but we can only see a fraction of them.  The reason we don't see much of other planets is because they are too far away for us to see them.
The medals will be reallocated to the athletes who were later disqualified.

The IOC has not made any decisions about reallocating the medals yet.
A month is the time between two successive syzygies (new moons or full moons). The precise definition varies, especially for the beginning of the month.
The pixelation works by using the pixels in the image to fill in the gaps between the two images. 

If you take a picture of a piece of paper and move it from one side of the screen to the other, you can see that there are two points on the paper that are the same color.  If you take another picture of the paper, and move the paper from the left to the right, you will see that the two points are different colors.

So, if you take the two pictures and move them from the right to the left, you get a picture that looks like this
We still use steam power even with our more modern technology. It's just that it's more expensive. 

We're still using steam power because it's the most efficient way to generate electricity.

Steam power is a waste of energy.  It's more efficient than electricity, but it doesn't generate as much heat as electricity.
It's not illegal to smoke pot. It's illegal to kill yourself.

Assisted suicide is illegal.
The Federal Reserve is not the Federal Reserve, it is the central bank of the United States. It is a separate entity from the government. 

If the government shuts down, the Fed will not be able to do its job.  The Fed is not a government agency, it's a business.  It's not like the government is a bank, they are not a bank.  They are a business, they do not have the authority to make monetary policy.  If the government shut down, they will be unable to do their job.

The Fed is a business that makes money.
Some medications have to be specifically taken at night because they affect your sleep cycle. 

For example, if you take a sleeping pill at night, your body will not produce enough of the hormone acetylcholine, which is the hormone that makes you sleepy.

If you take it during the day, it will make you drowsy.
The glass bottle has a higher pressure than the plastic one, which allows more carbon dioxide to escape the bottle, which makes the drink taste better.
Plessy v Ferguson was a case where a white man was arrested for driving while black people were not allowed to drive, and the Supreme Court ruled that he was not entitled to equal protection under the law.
Greece and Spain are trying to pressure the IMF and Germany into lowering their debts because they know that if they don't, they will not be able to get the money they need to get out of the Eurozone.
The U.S. has two major political parties, the Democratic and the Republican. 

The two major parties have their own conventions, which are held every three years.

Each party has a set number of delegates to choose their presidential candidates.  These are called "delegates" and they are chosen by the party's national convention.  The delegates are chosen based on the number of votes they get in the primary elections.  Each state has its own rules about how many delegates they can give to a candidate, but the majority of the delegates are given to the candidate with the most votes.
It's not that they don't want you to watch videos on a mobile device, it's that they're not built for mobile devices. 

When you watch a video on YouTube, you're watching it on your computer, and the video is being played on your phone.

The video is stored on a server, and it's sent to the server via HTTP, which is a protocol that's used to send and receive data over the internet.  When you watch the video, the server is sending the video to your phone, and your phone is receiving it from the server.  The server is
It depends on the song. 

If you're sampling a song that's already been released, it's not okay.  If it's a new song, then it's okay, if it's an existing song, it is.

But if you're using a song from decades ago, then you're infringing on the copyright of the original song.
The Queen is the head of state. She is the sovereign of the United Kingdom. 

She is also the Queen consort, and is the leader of the royal family.

As such, she has a lot of power, but she is not part of the executive branch of government.  The Prime Minister is the Prime Minister, and the Queen is a member of the House of Lords, which is the upper house of Parliament. 


The Prime Minister has the power to make laws, but the Queen has the right to veto any laws that she doesn't like, and she can veto any
We don't. 

The carrot falls in a restaurant floor, it has to be thrown away and can't be rewashed.
SHA-1 is a hash function.  

It works by hashing a message into a digest of 1s, 0s, and 1s.  The digest is divided into 1s and 0s.

If you want to know how long it takes to hash a message, you can look at the digest and see that the first 1 bit is 0, the second 1, the third 1, and the fourth 1.  If the digest is longer than that, then you can use SHA-2 to hash the digest.  It takes a longer time to hash than SHA-1, but
I think it's because the US market is too big for them to compete with. 

In the US, there are a lot of people who are willing to pay a lot more for the convenience of shopping at Walmart than there are for other retailers, and they have to compete for that convenience.

Also, the US is a very large market, and the competition is very strong, so it's not like they're going to be able to expand all over the world. 

 >  Why has Walmart struggled overseas when it was able to completely dominate the United States market?
I think it has to do with the fact that your skin is used to being exposed to cold. When a familiar person touches you without warning, you get goosebumps, but if a stranger touches you, you don't.
You can right click on a picture and save it, but when you want to save a video you have to open a separate webpage that allows you to download the video, enter in the URL and hit download.
The Constitution is written in such a way that it is very difficult to amend. 

Congress can amend the Constitution, but they have to get the votes of the states to do so.
It's not that they are doing nothing or nothing has changed, it's that they're doing a lot of maintenance.

Road work crews work in conditions in poor lighting, poor visibility, inclement weather, congested work areas, heavy machinery, and heavy equipment. 

They also have to keep track of all the equipment they are using, which can take a long time.
Language is not a single thing. It is a collection of words. 

Language is the result of a lot of different things happening at the same time.

First, language is a way for humans to communicate with each other.  It's a way to communicate ideas, ideas, and ideas about the world.  When we speak, we use words to describe the world around us.  For example, when we say "I'm hungry" we use the word "mammoth" because that's what we hear when we eat.  We also use words like "dog" and "dog
It's not that they don't speak Latin, it's just that they didn't want to learn it. 

There are a lot of dialects of Latin in Italy, but they're all different enough that it's not really worth the effort to learn them all.
They don't. 

They use quartz crystals, which are made of quartz.  The quartz crystals vibrate at a certain frequency, which is measured by the alternation of the AC supply, the pendulum, and the tuning fork.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it has to do with the fact that food allergies are more common in China than they are in the US. 

In China, there are a lot of people who are allergic to nuts, eggs, milk, and shellfish, but they are not as common as they are here.

I think it's because of the way the food is prepared in China, and the amount of time it takes to prepare and prepare it. 


In the US, there is a lot more time and effort put into preparing and preparing the food
Batteries are made up of electrolyte, which is a thin film of chemicals that acts as a conductor of electricity.

When the battery is dead, the electrolyte starts to break down, and this causes the electricity to flow out of the battery. 

The electrolyte has a very small amount of resistance, so when it is full, it can't carry enough electricity to drive the current through the battery, so it starts to bounce.
A battery gauge is a device that measures the voltage of a battery.  It's basically a gauge that measures how much electricity is being drawn from the battery.

It can be used to tell you how much power is left in the battery, or it can tell you if the battery has been fully discharged.
When you watch it live, you're watching it at 1080p, but when you try to watch it at 240p, it stutters.

1080p is the maximum resolution you can see, and 240p is what you see when you see it on TV.
It depends on the state. 

In Colorado, it is illegal to smoke weed in the workplace, but it is legal to use it for medical purposes.

If you smoke weed outside of work hours, you will be subject to a drug test.  This is because marijuana is a Schedule I drug, which means it is a controlled substance.  It is illegal under federal law, but not under state law.  If you are a federal employee, you are not subject to federal drug testing, but you are subject to state drug testing.
Mortgages are more common in the US than in most other countries. 

In the US, mortgages are not non-recourse debt, meaning they are not liable for any loan deficiencies after foreclosure.
It's because they don't want you to think they're charging more than they actually are. 

They're not.  They're trying to get you to pay less than the actual price.
Mosquitoes don't transmit HIV or AIDS through their saliva. They don't inject their saliva into you, they inject their blood into your skin. 

HIV and AIDS are transmitted through the blood of a person who has been bitten by a mosquito.
I think it has to do with the fact that the game is trying to make a profit.

If you're banning a character because they're racist or sexist, it's because the game doesn't want you to be able to play the game as a racist, sexist, homophobe, etc.
It's because we're at the equator. 

We're a few degrees north of the thermal equator, which means that we're closer to the sun than other parts of the world.  This means that the sun is directly above us, so we get a lot of heat from the sun.  We're also a little further from the equatorial plane, so the sun isn't directly overhead, so it's not as hot as it would be if we were closer to it.

Also, we're a little farther from the Atlantic Ocean, so there's a lot more ocean in the
The Renaissance was a time of great change in the history of art. 

It was the time of the Renaissance when artists were able to experiment with a lot of new techniques and new ideas.

For example, in the Middle Ages, there was a lot less money to spend on art, so artists had to make do with what they had, and they didn't have as much time to learn new techniques. This meant that they had less time to develop new ideas, so they could spend more time working on the things they already knew.



In the Renaissance, there were a lot more people
The "X" stands for "kiss" and the "O" for "hug" in English.
We don't hear animals howling in pain when giving birth. We hear them howling when they are eating. 

We hear them when they're trying to get milk out of their mothers.
Source code is written by the programmer, and executable code is compiled by the compiler.

Compiler is a piece of code that compiles the source code into executable code.  It's written by a bunch of people who know how to write code, and it's written in a language that the compiler knows how to read.  When the compiler compiles it, it looks at the source file and tries to figure out what it is.  If it can't, it throws an error.  This is called a compile error, and when it happens, it's usually caused by a bug in the compiler
The battery cells in your car are made up of lithium ion batteries.

When you jump start your car, the battery cells are connected to the car's alternator. The alternator connects to the alternator, which is connected to your car's battery. 

If you drive your car around right after a jump, the electrolyte in the battery will start to break down, and the electrolytes will release hydrogen gas, which will cause the battery to short circuit.
Capitalism is not just about trade and exchange.  It is also about ownership of the means of production.  

In the early days of the world, there was a lot of free trade, but it wasn't very profitable.  There was also a great deal of inequality between the rich and the poor.  The rich were able to buy and sell things, but the poor were not able to.

Capitalism was born out of this inequality.  In the late Middle Ages and early Renaissance, there were a number of different forms of mercantilism in Europe.  They were based on
Tires are made of rubber.  They are designed to last as long as possible, but they wear out over time.  When the track is wet, the tread of the tires wear out, and the air pressure drops.  This causes the tires to lose grip.

When the road is dry, the air in the tires is warmed up.  The air pressure is higher than it was when the track was wet, so the tires are not able to hold as much air as they would if they were running on dry asphalt.  As the track gets wet, it becomes more difficult for the air to
I think it's because they don't want people to think they're watching porn. 

It's a cultural thing, not a legal thing.

I'm not an expert, but I'm guessing it has something to do with the fact that Japan is a very conservative country with a strong sense of propriety.
The universe is expanding and producing more and more stars and planets. 

The universe doesn't receive any more materials or force from outer source.  It is expanding due to the gravitational pull of the universe.  The universe has been expanding for billions of years, and it will continue to expand.
It's not that the concrete is hardening, it's that the drum is spinning.

Cement is made up of a bunch of tiny particles, and when the drum spins, they get pushed against each other. 

When the drum stops spinning, the particles are pushed away from each other, which causes the concrete to stop hardening.
I think it has something to do with the fact that dragons were a major predator of our primate ancestors. 

Dinosaurs were big and strong, and they were able to outrun and outrun humans, so they became the dominant predators of our ancestors.

The same thing is true of dragons today.  They are big, strong, powerful, and have the ability to outfight and outwit humans.
We don't. 

There are a few places in the world where nuclear waste can be safely stored.

One of them is in the Nevada desert.  It's called Yucca Mountain, and it's been proposed for decades.  The problem with it is that it's a huge pile of radioactive waste, and the government doesn't want to pay for it.
The lawful/neutral/chaotic part of d & d alignments is just a way to categorize players' characters, along with gender, race, character class, and sometimes nationality. 

The good and neutral part is about how a character should behave, and how they should act in the world.

Chaotic neutral is a character who follows the rules of the game, but doesn't care about them. 


Lawful Neutral is the character who cares about the world, but does not care about the rules.  They care about how they are treated, but they don't care
We don't build a sense of time, we build it. 

We have a system in our brains that tells us how long it takes for things to happen, and we use that system to measure how fast things are moving, and how long we have to wait for them to happen.
Horsepower is a measure of the amount of work a horse can do with a given load over time. 

A horse can pull a lot of weight, but it can only do so much work in a given amount of time.

Think of it like this:

1 horse-power is equal to 1/32.5 pounds of weight.  If you put 1 pound of weight on a horse, it can pull 1 pound.  But if you put 2 pounds on the horse, you're increasing the horse's weight by 1 pound, so the horse will have to do more work
I think it has to do with the fact that the price of the game is different in the US and in the UK.

If you want to sell a game on Steam for 20 USD, you have to pay 20 USD for it. If you sell it for 20 GBP, you need to pay the same price in both countries.
We don't kill them for their meat, we kill them because we can. 

Cows and chickens don't die of old age first.  They are bred to produce milk, which is what we eat.  We don't want them to starve to death, so we keep them alive until they can no longer produce milk.
Cisgendered is a term used to describe people who have been assigned male or female at birth. 

Transgender is a label used to refer to people who are gender non-conforming.
Your voice is a combination of your vocal chords, your vocal cords, and the muscles in your throat.

Your vocal chords are connected to your tongue, and your tongue is connected to the vocal chords in your mouth. 

When you speak, you use your tongue and vocal cords to make the sound that you want to make.
Git is an open source version control system for code repositories. 

Git works like this:

1. You create a repository for your code.

2. You have a list of all the files in your repository.
3. You can add new files to your repository, modify old files, or delete old files.
4. If you want to make a new file, you need to create a new repository for it.
5. You need to make sure that the new file is in the correct directory.
6. You want to keep track of the changes you've made
California can't do it.

California is in the middle of a drought.  The drought is caused by climate change, not by cloud seeding.  Cloud seeding is not a solution to the drought.
Orion is the name of the spacecraft that will be sent to the moon. It will be used to explore the atmosphere around the moon and land on the moon's surface. 

It will also be used as a testbed for the next generation of rockets and spacecraft.

_URL_0_
When you lift weights, you are using your upper body to lift the weight, and your lower body to push it down. If you have a spotter under the bar, you can pull the bar down with your hands, and the weight will fall to the ground.
It's a metaphor for winter.

In the book, Laura Ingalls Wilder's father tells her that winter is coming, and that it's going to be a long, hard winter.  He tells her to prepare for it, and to be prepared for the worst.  

When the winter comes, Laura and her family will have to move to a new house, and they'll have to put up with the cold and the snow.  They'll also have to learn how to live without electricity, and how to survive in the cold.  And they'll need to learn about how to
I don't know about you, but I'm not sure about the timing of blinkers. I've never seen a car blinker set to the same time as a red light, so I can't answer your question. 

_URL_0_
They want to establish their own cultural identity. 

They are Sunni Muslims, and they believe that they are the rightful owners of the world.  So they want to create their own culture.  They want to be able to claim the world as their own.
The end of the aux cable is connected to a battery, and the battery is in contact with the ground. 

When you touch the end of an aux cable with your finger, you're touching the ground, and it's vibrating.

The ground has a magnetic field, and when it vibrates, it causes the ground to vibrate as well.
Salaried workers are paid a wage by the hour, not by the day.

If you are a salaried employee, you are covered by the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, which says that you are not required to work more than 40 hours in a week, and you are exempt from minimum wage and overtime protections.
I think it has to do with the surface area of the sticker. Fabric has a lot more surface area for the adhesive to bond to as compared to metal or other surfaces.
They didn't experience it.

Nuclear weapons don't create an EMP, they create an electromagnetic pulse. 

The EMP is caused by the charge separation of the nuclear warhead, which causes the charge to collide with the earth's magnetic field, causing it to bend the magnetic field in such a way that it creates a strong electromagnetic pulse that can be felt on the ground. 


The planes dropping them in WWII were flying at about 10,000 feet, so they would not have experienced the EMP.
It's a symbol of love and commitment. 

The fourth finger of the hand is called the "ring finger" because it's the one that connects to the heart.  When you wear a wedding ring on your fourth finger, you're showing your love for your partner.
Oxygen does a lot of things in your body. It's used to make ATP, a molecule used by cells to store energy, and ATP is used to regulate intracellular ion levels. 

It's also used to oxidize carbon dioxide, which is used by enzymes to break down glucose into glucose and ATP, which are used by your cells to make energy.

When you run out of oxygen, your body turns to anaerobic respiration, which means that your cells stop producing ATP and start producing superoxide. This is called "respiratory burst" and is caused by the
It's called a mirage, and it's caused by the temperature difference between the air above and below you.

Hot air rises and falls, and cooler air lowers, so the layers will mix, giving rise to turbulence. This turbulence causes the air to bend light rays, causing them to appear distorted.
It's not that they can't deter crime, it's just that they don't have the manpower to do it. 

There are a lot of cameras in bad neighborhoods, but not enough to deter crime.
It depends on the type of invasion.

A land based invasion is when you have a large number of troops on land and a small number of ships in the water. 

In the case of land based invasions, the ships are used to scout for enemy ships, and if they find them, they can be used to attack them. 


A naval invasion is where you have large fleets of ships that can attack from the sea, and then land based forces can land on the land.


The main difference between land based and naval invasions is that the land-based forces have to
Your phone has a radio transmitter and a receiver. When you send a text message, your phone uses the radio transmitter to send the message to the receiver. The receiver receives the message and sends it back to your phone.

When you receive a text, the receiver sends the message back to the phone, which then sends it to the sender.
It's not that they don't pay taxes in the UK, it's that they do not have a physical presence in the country. 

In the U.S. Amazon has a fulfillment center in Seattle, Washington, which means that they have to pay sales tax in all 45 states that have a state sales tax, and in Washington, D.C.  They also have a distribution center in Grand Forks, North Dakota, which also has to collect sales tax.
There are a lot of banks in the world. 

In the early days of banking, banks were a way for people to exchange money for goods and services.  For example, if you wanted to buy a piece of land, you could go to a bank and ask for a loan.  The bank would lend you the money, and if you were able to pay them back, they would lend it to you.  This is still the case today.

But in the early 1900s, the government decided that the banks needed to be able to lend money to people who needed it, so they
It is legal for a police department to deny press access to an entire town, like Ferguson. It is not legal for police to stop someone filming at all.
Mars is the second darkest planet in the solar system, absorbing about 70% of the incoming sunlight so the scope for darkening it further is small. 

Mars also has a thick atmosphere, ozone layer, and magnetic field, which allows for more sunlight to reach the surface unimpeded.

If life did exist on Mars, it would need to be able to survive the high surface temperatures and ultraviolet radiation, which would not be possible.
The heat is transferred by conduction. 

Conduction is the process of moving heat from one place to another.  If you have a hot plate on the stove, the heat will move from the top of the stove to the bottom of the saucepan in contact with it.

If you don't have a substrate to accept the heat, it will move away from you.
I think it's a cultural thing. 

When you hold a cup in your hand, you're trying to keep the cup from falling out of your hand.  If you hold it in your other hand, it's easier for the cup to fall out of the cup.

It's also a way to signal to the person holding the cup that you're not going to drop it.
DNA is made up of a bunch of different strands of DNA.  

When you store data in DNA, you are storing it as a sequence of DNA bases.  Each base is a unique part of the DNA molecule.  If you want to store a lot of data in one place, you need to store it in a special type of DNA called a DNA polymerase chain reaction (PCR).

PCR is a process that breaks down the DNA into its individual bases, and then uses them to create a new DNA sequence.  This sequence is then used to create new DNA.
We didn't use mechanical timepieces, we used pendulum clocks. 

The pendulum clock was the world's most precise timekeeper, and the limit to timekeeping accuracy was due to thermal variations in length of clock pendulums.
I think it's because it's a defense mechanism. 

When you're being massaged, you're rubbing your face against your partner's face and rubbing your eyes.  When you're petting your partner, you are rubbing their face against the back of their head.  It's a way for them to get a better feel for your face.
Bacteria in your mouth and throat can cause crusty bogeys. 

When you pick them up, you're removing the bacteria, but you're also removing a layer of mucus, which makes them feel squishy.
When you turn on the kettles, you're turning on the motor.  The motor is connected to a generator, which is a device that generates electricity.  When you turn the motor on, the electricity is used to turn the water heater on.

When the water is turned on, it heats up the water in the kettle, which causes it to boil.  This causes the water to boil, which makes it hiss.  

If you have a kettler that's not connected to the generator, it's not hissing.  It's vibrating.  If you
Fluoride is a naturally occurring element in water. It's not a bad thing to have in our drinking water, it's just that it can cause tooth enamel to pitting, which can lead to cavities. It can also increase the risk of bone fractures.
Tennis is a very physical sport. It requires a lot of skill to play. You have to be able to hit the ball with your whole body, not just your hands. 

Tennis courts are very hard, so the ball bounces very high. This means that you have to use a lot more energy to hit it. 


On grass, the ball is much easier to hit, so you can hit it with your entire body.  This means you have more time to adjust to the ball, which means you can play with more energy.

On clay, the balls bounce very low
I'm not sure what you mean by "single-celled organisms". 

There are many theories about when and why they came together, but the most common one is that they evolved as a result of a symbiotic relationship between bacteria and archaea.

Bacteria are a group of bacteria that have no nucleus, so they don't need to divide into cells. They can live as a single cell, but they can't reproduce as a group, so when they come together, they divide into single cells, which are then able to reproduce as single cells. This is called mitosis.
When you drink alcohol, your body begins to process and eliminate the alcohol from your blood. Your eyes are the first organ to process the alcohol, and the amount of alcohol absorbed by the eye is low. When you drink too much, your eyes are not able to process it as quickly as they normally would, and you get red eyes. 

When you stop drinking, the alcohol in your blood is removed from your eyes, but your body is still processing it, so it takes a while for the alcohol to get out of your eyes.
It's not even remotely sanitary to wash dishes over and over with the same sponge.

It's just a waste of water.
The POTUS has the power to order the FCC to block content that is deemed to be in violation of the First Amendment to the Constitution. 

The FCC is a branch of the Federal Communications Commission (FCC), which is the agency that regulates the internet.  The FCC has the authority to regulate content on the internet, but it is not the power of the President to censor it.  It is the authority of Congress to regulate it.
I think it has to do with the fact that they are speaking in Japanese, not English. 

Anime is a very simplified language, so the actors have to speak in a way that is easy to understand.

In American cartoons and video games, there is a lot of ambient noise and ambient sounds that are used to make the show sound more "real" or "realistic".

When they dub an anime or video game, they have to translate the dialogue into English, which is a much more difficult task.  The actors need to be able to read and speak in the same way
E Ink screens are made up of a thin film that is coated with a thin layer of ink.  The ink is so thin that it can't be seen by the human eye, but it can be detected by infrared light.

When you touch the screen with a finger, you are touching the film, and the light from the light hits the ink and causes it to form a pattern.  This pattern is called a dot pattern, and it is what you see when you look at the screen.
I'm not a financial expert, but I can give you a general idea of how to invest in the stock market.

First, let's say you have $100,000 and you want to invest it in a company that makes a lot of money. 

You want to buy shares of a company, but you don't know how much money they're going to make in the next few years.  You want to make sure that you have enough money to cover your expenses, so that you can buy more shares of the company in the future, and that you're not going to lose money.
The "southern strategy" was a Republican strategy to win conservative Southerners away from the Democrats and into the Republican Party (see Southern strategy and silent majority).

In the early 1960s, Republican politicians such as Barry Goldwater began advocating for a plan that they called the "Southern Strategy" in order to make Republicans more popular in the Deep South by appealing to racism against African Americans. 

This strategy was successful, but it also led to the rise of the Democratic Party in the South.
The movie is about a man who is captured by a group of people who are trying to kill him.  He is a birdman, a bird that is able to fly.

He is captured because he is the only bird that can fly.  The other birds in the group are not able to.  They are afraid of him because they think that he is a threat to them.  

When he escapes from the group, he goes to find his family and tells them that he has been captured and is being held by the people who want him dead.  When he finds his family,
PTSD is a mental illness caused by trauma. 

When you are traumatized, your brain is flooded with memories of what happened to you.  Your brain is programmed to store them in the amygdala, which is the part of the brain responsible for processing emotions.  When you experience a traumatic event, this part of your brain becomes activated, and your brain starts to process the memories.  This is called the amygdala.  It's the part that processes emotions, and it's the one that makes you feel fear, anxiety, and other emotions.

If you are a victim of a traumatic
Western America has a lot of mountains.  The mountains act as a barrier between the Pacific Ocean and the rest of the world.

The Pacific Ocean is a huge body of water.  It's not just the ocean, it's also the atmosphere.  When it rains, it brings warm air from the Pacific to the west coast, and when it doesn't, it sends cold air down to the east coast.  That's why it's so dry in the west.  

In the east, the ocean is warm, but it's not as big as the Pacific, so it can't
A strong acid has a higher affinity for protons than a weak acid, which means that it has a stronger tendency to accept protons. 

A base has a lower affinity than a strong acid, meaning that it doesn't have the same proton affinity.

Acetic acid, for example, has a high affinity for ferric ions, which is why it is corrosive.
The skin on your face is made up of two layers, the epidermis and the dermis. The dermis is the tough outer layer of the skin, which is the main barrier between the skin and the rest of the body, and it's the one that protects you from bacteria and other irritants. 

The dermis, on the other hand, is the layer that protects the skin from the sun and the air, and protects it from the dirt and bacteria.
It's not a law, it's an executive order.

Congress can pass laws, but they don't have the power to make executive orders. They can only do so if they have the votes to do so. 

Executive orders are a way for the president to get things done without having to go through Congress.
I think it's because we're too polarized. 

There are two major parties, the Republicans and the Democrats.  The Republicans want to keep the status quo, the Democrats want to change it.  They want to get rid of the current system of government and create a more representative government.

The Democrats don't want to reform the system, they want to create a new system.
It's called tribonucleation.

Basically, when the synovial fluid in your joints expands, it creates a vacuum in the joint, which causes a bubble to form. This is what makes the sound you hear.
The threat of pathogens thawing out of permafrosts and infecting the human race or other species is very real.

Bacteria and viruses can survive in permafrost for thousands of years. 

The problem is that the bacteria and viruses don't like to be exposed to the cold, so they don't survive long enough to cause any harm to humans. 

 >  How real is the threat?

It's very real, but it's not as real as it seems. In 2016, an anthrax outbreak in reindeer was linked to a 75-year-
When you pour beer, the carbon dioxide in the liquid is dissolved in the glass, which causes it to form bubbles.

When you fill a bottle with water, you are mixing the liquid with carbon dioxide, which is dissolved by the water, and the bubbles form. When you pour the beer, you're mixing the water with the CO2, which makes the bubbles bigger and bigger until they're too big to fit in the bottle.
I think it has to do with the fact that the police are seen as the enemy of the people. 

In the US, they are viewed as the "bad guys" because they enforce the law.  In Australia, it's the other way around.
The difference between Intel's quad-core and i3/i5/i7 processors is the TDP. 

A quad core processor has a higher TDP than a single core processor, which means that it uses more power.

The TDP is a measure of how much power a chip needs to be able to handle the amount of work it can do in a given amount of time. For example, a quad core i3 has a TDP of 35W, while a dual core i5 or i7 has a 40W TDP, meaning that it takes more power to do the
Nuclear weapons are a deterrent. They make it seem like the other country is capable of using them, which makes them less likely to do so. 

If the West were to use nuclear weapons against the West, it would be seen as a declaration of war, which would make the other side believe that they are capable of doing the same thing.
It's not that women aren't interested in technology, it's just that they don't have as much exposure to it as men do. 

There are a lot of reasons for this, but I think the most important one is that men are more likely to have been exposed to computers as a child, so they have a better understanding of how they work and how to use them.
I think it's because they're trying to bait you into asking a question. 

I'm not sure if it's a social/psychological reason, but I think it has something to do with the fact that people are more likely to ask a question if they know the answer to a question, or if they're just trying to get you to think about it.
GJ Wentworth is an insurance company.  

They are a company that provides insurance for people who are insured by the government.  They have a contract with the government to provide insurance.  The government will pay them $100,000 a year, and they will pay the government $500,000 for each new patient they sign up for.

The government will also pay them a percentage of the profits they make.  This is called the "premium" share.  If the government pays them $50,000 per new patient, they will give them $10,000.
Hair is constantly growing.  It's not that it's constantly growing, it's that the hair is constantly shedding.  

If you're constantly growing your hair will eventually fall out of your head.  If you're not constantly growing it will fall out.
We're not going through an interglacial period as it has in the past. 

We're going through a period of global warming.

The Earth is warming, but it's not going to be as fast as it was during the last ice age.  We're going to slow down the rate at which we're warming.
Because Alberta doesn't pay PST.  The other provinces do.  

The federal government has a national sales tax of 9.5% and the provinces have their own sales tax.  Alberta is not a member of the federal government, so they don't have to pay it.
When you're having fun, your brain has a lot more time to process what's going on around you. Your brain is processing more information, so it takes longer to process it. 

When you are having fun you're not processing as much information, and your brain doesn't have as much time for processing, so your perception of time seems to slow down.
A telescope is an optical instrument that uses mirrors to collect and focus light.

A microscope is a microscope that uses lenses to collect light.
I'm not sure what you mean by "loss", but I'll try to explain it.

Sony is a company that makes a lot of money by selling movies, TV shows, games, and other things that people like to watch on their televisions. 

The problem is that Sony has been losing money for a long time, and it's not going to get any better soon.  The company has been trying to turn things around, but it's been unable to do so.  In the past few years, the company has lost money because it has not been able to keep up with the
I think it has to do with the angle of the camera.  

Modern cameras have a wider field of view than cameras used in old cameras, which allows for better resolution and compression of the breast as in x-ray mammography (which improves detection of smaller lesions).
Because sign language is a very difficult language to learn, and it requires a lot of practice and practice.

It's also very difficult for a game to teach you sign language, because it requires you to learn it in order to play the game. 

If you want to make a sign language game, you need to learn the language first, and then you have to learn how to play it.
Populism is the belief that the government is out of touch with the will of the people. 

In the US, the government has been doing a lot of things to help the rich and the powerful, but not enough for the poor and the middle class.

This is why Donald Trump is a populist.
Yes. 

Our ears are tuned to a certain frequency.  Our brains are also tuned to certain pitches.

We don't know for certain, but we do know that our brains are able to distinguish between different frequencies of sound, and that our ears are sensitive to certain frequencies.  For example, when we hear music, our brains can tell the difference between the high and low frequencies of the music, and our ears can tell which frequencies are higher and lower.  This is why we can hear the difference in pitch between the bass and the treble.  We can also hear the differences between
In photosynthesis, you have two types of photosystems: photosystem I and photosystem II. 

The first is called the reaction centre.  It's the one that absorbs light and converts it into energy.  The second is called photosystem III.  This is the one you use to convert carbon dioxide into sugars.
It doesn't really matter what order you pay in. 

It's just a way for the machine to keep track of how many bills are in the machine and how many coins are in it.
It depends on the tax laws. 

If you are a corporation, you are taxed at the corporate rate, and not at the individual rate.

You can't reinvest your retained earnings back into the business, because that would be a tax write-off, which is not allowed under the tax law.  Instead, you have to pay tax on the retained earnings as ordinary income, which means you pay tax at the ordinary tax rate, but not the corporate tax rate.
I think it has to do with the fact that sad movies are often told from the point of view of the characters. 

When you watch a sad movie, it's not about the plot.  It's about the characters and the world around them.
You would have to breathe if you had a very constant supply of liquid oxygen. 

Your body needs oxygen to maintain the pH in your blood, which is determined by the amount of carbon dioxide in your bloodstream.  If you didn't have liquid oxygen, your body wouldn't be able to do that.
The reason we let the food cool down to room temperature before putting it in the freezer or refrigerator is because we want it to be able to absorb more of the heat from the air around it.

When you put food in the fridge or freezer, you're putting the food in contact with a lot of air. The air around the food is moving faster than the food itself, so the food will lose heat faster.
It's called [Uncombable hair syndrome](_URL_0_). It's caused by mutations in one or more recessive genes, or of one primary recessive gene with several modifying factors that regulate the distribution of hair follicles. It can be caused by a mutation in one of three possible genes, PADI3, TGM, or TCHH3. 

It's caused when the hair follicle in your arm grows too long, or too short, or not at all. It's usually caused by one of the three recessive traits.
Because the screen is less than 10 cm away. 

Your eyes need to be able to focus on what is in front of them, not the screen.
Paper bags are made of plastic.  Plastic is stronger than paper, but paper is stronger because it is more flexible.

Paper is made of fibers, which means that it can bend and bend, but it can't bend as fast as plastic.
Some water freezes into ice because it has a higher freezing point than other water. 

Snow is made of water that has a lower freezing point.

When the water freezes, it breaks the hydrogen bonds between the water molecules in the water, which causes it to crystallize into snow.
I'm not sure what you mean by ignorant/stupid, but I think it has to do with cultural norms and expectations. 

In the US, there are a lot of things that are considered "stupid" or "dumb" in our culture.  For example, if you are a white person, you are expected to be able to speak English, and if you don't, you're expected to not speak English.

If you're a black person, or a Hispanic, or an Asian, or any other minority group, it's because you're not expected to know how to
I think it's because the water is too hot for the nerve receptors in the area to be able to detect the heat. 

It's like when you get stabbed in the foot with a sharp object.  You can feel the pain, but you can't feel the blood flow to the area.  If you were stabbed in your foot, you would feel it immediately, but if you are stabbed in a different part of your body, you wouldn't feel it for a while.
The Cold War ended with the collapse of the USSR and the end of the Cold War.  

There was a lot of talk about stockpiles, but it's not really true that they were stockpiles of nuclear weapons.  They were a result of the fact that each country had to build their own nuclear weapons, and each country needed to have a nuclear weapons force to defend itself against the other.  It's also true that the US had a lot more nuclear weapons than the other countries, and the US was able to build more than any other country in the world at the time.

The
It's because of the shock wave. 

Imagine you are standing on the ground and you hear a loud noise.  You look up and see that there is a big crack in the ground.  The sound is coming from the ground, and it's coming from all directions.  It's a shockwave.  If you were standing on top of a pile of bricks, you'd see the same sound.  But if you're standing in the middle of the pile, you'll see the sound from all the other bricks, and you'll notice that they're all coming from different directions.
I think it has to do with the way the microphones are set up and how the band is set up. 

When you're recording a song, you're using a single microphone.  You're recording the entire band at the same time, so you can get the exact same sound.  But when you're live, you are recording the band at different times.  The band is playing at different tempos and different speeds, so they're playing different parts of the song.  This means that when you hear the band playing the same song live, it's not the same as when they're recording
We can make laws against smoking, but not other personal choices (vaccines, soda, etc.)
It depends on the type of domain name. 

If you're talking about a top-level domain (TLD), it's owned by the registrar of the domain.  The registrar is the company that owns the domain name, and they register it for you.  If you register the domain, you get the IP address of the server that hosts the website.

The registrar can't tell you who "owns" a website, but they can tell you the name of the person who registered it.  They can also tell you if it's a domain that's been used by
It doesn't actually do anything. It's just a way for your vocal cords to get air out of your lungs.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm guessing it has to do with the fact that when you pay for a service with a tip, your bank has to confirm that the tip is included in the bill before it is credited to your account. 

If you pay with a credit card, the credit card company has to verify that your card is authorized to accept the tip, and if it is not, they will charge you a percentage of the total cost of the service, which is usually 20% or 30%.

But if you pay via a debit card, they have to confirm
It's because the ropes are so long that you can't grab them directly, but you can grab them by the end of the rope. 

If you're climbing a net, you're going to need to grab the rope at the end.
SoureForge is a company that makes a video game.  It's a game that uses video games as a way to make money.  

The problem is that they are not making enough money to pay their debts.  They have a lot of debt, so they have to go into administration.

It's not a good time to be a CEO of a company.  You have to be able to pay your bills, pay your taxes, and pay your employees.  If you don't have a job, you can't do any of that.
The United States Constitution was written by the people of the United States, and was ratified by the states. 

It was written in the form of a Declaration of Rights, which was a document written by a group of people who were gathered in full and free convention at Williamsburg, Virginia.  It was written as a declaration of rights for all citizens of the US.

The Declaration states that the government shall not deprive any citizen of life, liberty, or property without due process of law, or against unreasonable search and seizure.  This is a very important part of the Bill of Rights.  The
They don't have to wipe their butts because they don't need to. 

Humans do.
It's because they don't want to pay royalties to the artists for showing the lyrics. 

It's a copyright issue, not a technical one.

If you want to show the lyrics to a song, you have to get permission from the copyright holder.
It's not that they aren't backwards compatible, it's just that they're not as popular as they used to be. 

The original Gamecube and GameCube were the first consoles to be backwards compatible with each other.  They were released in the same year as the original Gameboy, so they were released at the same time.  The original GameCube was a lot more powerful than the Gameboy Advance, so it was able to do a lot of things that other consoles couldn't do.  It was also a lot easier to port a game to the Gamecube than it is to port it
When it's 60 outside, your body is losing heat to the air, and your body wants to keep it at a certain temperature. When it is 60 inside, the air is not losing heat, it is being warmed by your body.
Microsoft has made an operating system that the majority of computers in the world use but they aren't able to make a search engine or browser that is as successful?
I think it's because you're waking up from a dream right before "the good part"
When you turn off the tube TV's power supply, some of the electricity is stored in the cathode of the TV. The cathode has a negative differential resistance (NDR) and so when it is turned off, the charge on the capacitor will drain off through this "bleeder resistor", causing the flash of light.
Capitalism is a system of private property.  

The idea is that you can do whatever you want as long as you have the means to do it.  This means that you don't have to worry about competition, and you can make as much money as you want.  You don't need to worry too much about the government interfering in your business, because it's not going to stop you from doing what you want to do.

Capitalism also means that there is no government intervention in the economy.  The government is there to protect the interests of the owners of the business.
It depends on what you mean by "unprotected".

If you're talking about being exposed to the hard vacuum of space, there is no medium for removing heat from your body by conduction or convection.

Your skin is gas-tight by itself, so it will not be able to absorb heat from the vacuum. 

However, if you are exposed to radiation, your body will be exposed to high energy particles and radiation will cause damage to the cells in your body.
It's called [hyperacusis](_URL_0_). 

Hyperacusis is caused by a problem with your blood vessels in your ears.  Your ears are made up of a bunch of tiny hairs that are connected to your brain.  When you hear a loud noise, your brain sends a signal to the hair cells in your ear telling them to stop working.  These hair cells then send a signal back to the brain telling your brain that the noise is too loud.

Your brain interprets this signal as a ringing sound, and interprets it as tinnitus.
The chances of you seeing the colonization of other planets in your lifetime are very, very small. 

We are not likely to ever colonize other planets.  We are not even close to being able to reach out to other planets, and even if we did we would not be able to survive long enough to find life.

There are a few things that we can do, but they require a lot of time and money. 


1. We need to find out if other planets are habitable.  
2. We have to know if there are any life forms out there.
Alcohol is the only drink that is legal in the US. 

Wine is legal, but it is not legal in most other countries.

Beer is legal.
Your brain is made up of a bunch of different parts. The amygdala, the part of the brain responsible for memory, the hippocampus, the limbic system, the prefrontal cortex, and the anterior cingulate cortex. 

When you are stressed, your body releases adrenalin. Adrenaline is released by the adrenal glands to begin the fight or flight response in the body to encourage the sympathetic nervous system to react to the apparent stressor. This response causes your heart rate to increase, blood pressure to rise, and breathing to increase.

Your body also releases cortisol, which is a hormone that is
Viruses are not able to evolve new ways of jumping between hosts. 

They don't have the technology to do so.  They are not capable of doing so.

If you want to evolve a new way of jumping from one host to another, you first need to find a new host.  If you don't find a host, you can't evolve a way to jump from one to another.
I'm not sure what you mean by "no reason", but I think it has to do with the fact that when you are talking about something unpleasant, your brain is trying to figure out what you're talking about. 

If you're not talking about anything unpleasant, it's because your brain doesn't know what it's talking about, so it's trying to make sense of it.
A master key is a set of keys that can be used to open all the locks in a set. 

The key itself is the same as any other key, but it has a different mechanism that allows it to open the lock in a different way.

For example, if you have a master key that only works on one lock, it can only open that lock.  If you have two master keys, you can only unlock that lock with the master key.
I think it's because of the way the word is pronounced. 

_URL_0_

It's pronounced "foke-sol" and not "fok-sol".
We don't fall out of our beds at night because we don't have a protector.

We fall out because our bodies are made of plastic, and the top bunk is made of wood.
The colour of the feathers is a result of a chemical called carotene. 

Carotene is the pigment that gives the feathers their yellow color.

When the feathers are young, they are covered in a layer of fat that protects them from the sun's UV rays. As they grow older, the fat is removed and replaced by other pigments, and the color of the down goes from yellow to brown.
The middle finger was the "shameless, indecent or offensive" finger. It was used in ancient times as a symbol of sexual intercourse, in a manner meant to degrade, intimidate and threaten the individual receiving the gesture.
A reflector is a specialised surface that reflects light in a particular way. 

Think of it like a mirror.  If you look at a mirror, you can see the light coming from the front of the mirror, and the light is bouncing off the back of the reflector.

If you take a picture of a mirror and put it in a dark room, you will see that the light bounces off the mirror and bounces off of the wall behind it.  This is because the mirror reflects the light in the same direction as the light from the light source, but the light that bounces off
Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) is not detected in hospitals because it is not present in the blood. It is detected in the bloodstream because the blood contains bacteria that are resistant to the drug.
Germs eat a lot of different things. 

Bacteria, yeasts, yeolobacteria, and some other types of bacteria.

Some of them are good for you, some are bad for you.
The judge has the final say on whether the evidence is admissible or not. 

If the judge says it's admissible, then the jury can ignore it.  If he says it isn't admissible then it's not admissible.
A homeowner association is a group of people who agree to abide by a set of rules and regulations that govern how their property is managed. 

For example, if you live in a condominium, and you want to buy a house, you have to sign a contract with the owner of the property that says that they are going to maintain and maintain the property.  If you don't want to do that, you can sue them for not doing so.

If you own a house in a HOA, you're not going to be able to sue them.  You're going to have to pay
Llamas and camels are related to each other, but they are not related to humans. 

The reason they are so similar is because they evolved in the same region, and because they have the same diet.

Camel and llamas are similar to humans because they are both herbivores, and they have similar diets, but their diets are very different.  They are also very similar in that they are similar in size and shape, but not in size or shape.
It depends on the state. 

In the US, it is illegal to sell alcohol to anyone under 18 years of age.

The laws vary from state to state, but it is generally illegal to buy alcohol online if you are under the age of 18. 


In Canada, the laws vary by province.  

 >  In Ontario, the minimum age for buying alcohol is 18, but you can buy it at any liquor store or liquor store with a valid ID, and you must be accompanied by a parent or guardian.  The age of consent in Ontario is 18.

 >
Zach Braff is a great actor, but he's not a great director. He's not funny, he's a terrible actor, and he doesn't know how to make good movies. 

He's also not funny enough to make a good movie.
When you're asleep, your brain is in a state of deep sleep. It's not aware of what's going on around you, so it's hard for your brain to process what's happening around it. When you're awake, you're aware of the world around you and your surroundings, but your brain doesn't have time to process the information around you.
Space is finite but boundless.

If you want to know the shape of the universe, you need to know how much space there is, and how far apart it is. 

The universe is finite because there are only a finite number of points in it, and the distance between those points is finite. The universe is boundless because there is no point in space that is infinitely far apart.
You bet that the government's credit rating will fall and make money.
Your taste buds tell you what you do and don't like and why is it different for everyone?
Premium fuel has a higher octane rating than unleaded fuel.  

The higher the octane, the more power you get out of it.  Higher octane means higher compression ratio, which means more power.

If you have a naturally aspirated engine, you can take both.  If you have an engine that uses carburetors that use a carburetor that uses direct injection, then you can't take both fuel types.
When you put water in room temperature water, the water evaporates, and the water molecules in the water condense, forming ice crystals. 

When the water is at room temperature, the ice crystals form in a convex shape, which means that when you put it in water, you're increasing the pressure at the nucleation sites of the ice, which causes the ice to crack.
You can't fly on a plane with a stolen passport.

You have to have a valid passport. 

If you don't have one, you can't get on the plane.
Because they didn't have the resources to develop similar technology as the Europeans. 

They didn't live in the same kind of conditions as Europe.  They didn't grow the same amount of food as Europe, and they weren't able to build the same kinds of things.
Egypt is a very Muslim nation.  It's not just a Muslim nation, it's a member of the Muslim world.

It's also a very wealthy country.  They have a lot of money, and they have a very strong military, so they don't need to worry about getting invaded by Israel.
The wind is coming from the front of the car, not the back.

When you open the rear window, the air is coming in from the outside, not from the inside. 

The wind blows in the direction of the front, but the air coming in the other direction is coming out of the back, so it doesn't feel like the car is shaking.
It is cheaper/more efficient to use body-mapping of real actors for CGI characters like Smaug, as opposed to just using computer animation
Swine flu is caused by a mutation in the H5N1 avian flu virus.

H1N1 is a strain of avian influenza, which is a type of flu that is transmitted from pigs to humans through the air. 

The H1N2 strain of swine flu was transmitted from pig to human by pigs, and was not as virulent as the H2N2 virus, so it didn't die out as quickly.
Your brain sends a signal to your brain telling it that you're cold. Your brain interprets that as a "shiver" and sends it to your muscles to contract to make you warmer. 

Your muscles contract, which causes you to get goosebumps.
Hot chocolate is made with milk, which has a higher surface area than cold milk, so it loses heat more quickly. 

Coffee is made from ground coffee beans, which have a lower surface area, so they lose heat more slowly.
It depends on the type of helmet you're wearing. 

There are two main types of helmets. There are "full face" and "half face" helmets.

A full face helmet is the one that covers the entire head, with a strap that runs from both of the sides of the helmet to the front of the vehicle; or a strap connected to the back of the driver's head, and the rear of the rider's head. It is designed to hold the rider in place, and to prevent the rider from falling off the bike. It's also designed to keep the rider upright, so
Your eyes are made up of three layers: the lipid, aqueous, and mucin.  When you cry, your eyes are lubricated by the secretion of sebum.  The sebum lubricates the surface of your eyelids, which keeps them from sticking together.  It also helps keep your eyes moist, clean, and lubricated.

When you sleep, the sebum in your eyes dries out.  This is why you wake up with swollen eyes.
The U.S. flag is owned by the federal government.  It is not in the public domain.
Money is a measure of value.  It's a unit of account.  If you want to know how much money is in circulation, you need to look at the amount of money in circulation.  

The money supply is measured using the so-called "monetary aggregates", defined in accordance to their respective level of liquidity: M0 for currency in circulation; M1 for M0 plus transaction deposits at depository institutions, such as banks; M2 for M1 plus savings deposits, small-denomination time deposits, and retail money-market mutual fund shares.
I'm not sure what you mean by "everyone in the US seems to have an AC system".
The US government borrows money to pay for its wars.  

It's not that they don't have other sources of revenue, it's just that they borrow money from other countries.
It's called an "expiration date". 

It's the date that the product is considered to be expired.  It's not a legal term, it's just an estimate of how long it's been in the store for.

If you open a bag of chips, and put them in a zip lock baggie, they'll stay fresh for a few days.  But if you open another bag of the same bag, and fill it with the same stuff, it'll be STALE for a couple of days.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it's because Americans are more likely to vote for the candidate of their party than a third party candidate. 

The reason for this is because we are used to voting for the candidates of our party.  If you're not a member of a party, you don't know about third party candidates.
It's because the light from the outside is bouncing off of the glass and bouncing off the inside of the window.

When the light hits the glass, it bounces off the outside and bounces back into the glass. 

It's kind of like a mirror.
Your brain has two main types of sensory input. 

The first is sound.  Your ears are filled with fluid.  When you hear a sound, it travels through the cochlea, which is a part of the inner ear, and on to the Organ of Corti.  This organ receives the sound and converts it into mechanical energy, which your brain interprets as meaning.  The second type of input is visual.  If you look at a picture of your face, you will see that it is made up of a bunch of tiny dots.  These dots represent the sound waves.
It's not the metal itself that sets off metal detectors.

It's the fact that the metal used for medical purposes is made of a different material than the metal that is used to make guns.
I'm not sure, but I think it has to do with how the word "used" is pronounced in different dialects. 

I think it's because of the way the word is pronounced when used as a verb.

If you say "I used to go to the bathroom" you're pronouncing it as "Yoo-oo" and not "YOO-oo".

It's the same way that "I went to the store" sounds like "I bought a bottle of wine" and "I drank a bottle" sound like "yoo-o-oo."
I think it has to do with tradition.

In the past, it was common for men to name their sons after their fathers. 

For example, James Jr. was the father of James II, James III, James IV, James V, James VI, James VII, James VIII, James IX, and James VII.  So James Jr was the second son of James VI.  James VII was the third son of Henry VIII, Henry VIII was the fourth son of Thomas VIII, and Henry VIII's son was Henry VIII.  This is why Henry VIII is known as Henry VIII Jr.
When you pop a kernel of corn, the starch in the center of the kernel begins to gelatinize, which is what makes it puff. 

When the kernel is heated, the pressure causes the starch to expand, which causes it to pop.
Feminists believe that men are inherently inferior to women, and that men should be able to do whatever they want.

Man's rights activists believe that women are inherently superior to men, and should be allowed to do what they want to do.
We started using a calendar with months back in the days of the Roman Empire. 

In the Roman calendar, each day was marked with a letter to denote its religiously lawful status.  The first day of the month was called a calare, and it was the first day after the new moon was just seen.  This was because the Romans believed that it was important to mark the beginning of the year and the end of the religious year.  So, the Romans decided to divide the month into two parts.  January and February were the first and second parts of the calendar, and the rest of the
The US doesn't have an EMV chip. 

The US does have a PIN system, but it's not as secure as it used to be.

There are a few reasons for this:

1. PINs are very easy to crack.  
2. The US is a very small country, so there's not much incentive to move to chip and pin.
3. There are a lot of countries that don't have EMV, so it would be very difficult to implement.
4. There's no incentive for the US to adopt EMV.
5.
Karma whoring is a way for people to get karma for bad posts. 

Karma is a measure of how much you have contributed to the community.  If you have a positive karma, you get a "plus" for good posts, useful or humorous comments and other actions in good standing.

If you have negative karma, then you get "minuses" for spam, spammy comments, and other bad actions.  You can also change your karma to increase or decrease it.
The price of oil is determined by supply and demand. 

Supply and demand are not the same thing.

Oil is a finite resource.  It is not finite because there is no finite supply of oil.  There is finite supply because there are finite amounts of oil in the world.  The price of the oil is a measure of how much supply there is.  If there is finite amount of oil, then the price will fluctuate.
There is no law or convention that prevents a politician from just accepting a bribe and then doing nothing about it (i.e. not doing anything about it).

There are laws against bribery, but they don't apply to everything.

Bribery is illegal in the United States, but it's not illegal in most other countries.
I think it has to do with the fact that they don't have a lot of time to learn new things, so they are not exposed to the same things over and over again. 

If you have a dog that has been trained to do something for a long time, it will not be able to remember the first time it did it, and it will be hard for it to remember what it did the last time.
The problem is that we don't really know how to make new DNA.

We know that we can, but we can't make a copy of the DNA of a living organism. 

If we wanted to, we could, but it would take a lot of time and effort.  We don't have the resources to do that.
Some computer programs are written in such a way that they need to be restarted after they've been installed. 

For example, when you install a new program, you're installing it into your computer, and the program has to check if it's installed correctly.  If it's not, it won't be able to run.

If it is, the program will ask you to restart it, and if you don't, it will stop working.
There are rainforests along Australia's east coast but not the west.

The reason is that Australia is part of the Gondwanan continent, which is a landmass that sits on top of the Eurasian tectonic plate. 

When Australia was a separate landmass, it was covered by rain forests.  But as the landmass moved north, it became more arid and drier, and so the rain forests became less dense.  The reason for this is because the land mass is tilted to the east, and the rainforest is in the middle of the continent.
The microwave is using a crystal oscillator.  The crystal is kept in a very small oven that is held at a constant temperature.  When it heats up, the temperature causes the crystal to oscillate at a higher frequency than the temperature of the oven.  This causes the clock to keep gaining time.  

_URL_0_
They do a lot of things.

1. They keep track of all the traffic on the ground. 

2. They make sure the planes are going in the right direction. 


3. They tell the pilots what to do if they are going the wrong way

4. They give directions to the pilots

5. They check the weather

6. They monitor the air traffic around them

7. They also keep an eye out for any aircraft that might need to be diverted

8. They are responsible for keeping the planes in the correct airspace

9
Caillou is not actually bald. He is wearing a beret to hide his baldness. 

He is wearing the beret in order to hide the fact that he is bald.
Your body has a circadian rhythm. It's the time when most humans and animals experience what is called a post-prandial dip or low ebb. When you take a nap, your body releases melatonin, which is a hormone that makes you feel tired and sleepy.
Some people have genes that predispose them to be faster than others. 

For example, there are people who are genetically predisposed to run faster than other people because they have a mutation in their genes that causes them to have a higher rate of ACTN3 protein, which is a protein in their muscle fibers that makes them run faster.
It's not that they're charging more than Americans, it's that they don't want to compete with each other.

In the U.S., there's a lot of competition. 

If you want to sell something to someone in the UK, you have to sell it to them at the same price as you sell it in the US. 


In Europe, there's less competition, so it's easier for them to charge more.
Time is an illusion. 

It's not an illusion, it's an illusion of perception.

When you think about it, time is a measure of how long it takes for something to happen.  If you look at a clock, it tells you that it's been 10 minutes since the last time you looked at it.  But if you don't look at it, you can't tell if it's 10 minutes or 10 seconds.  It's just a measure that tells you how much time has passed since you last looked at the clock.
It's not so much that they think it violates their religious freedoms, it's that they feel that they are being forced to recognize same-sex marriage. 

In the case of the Catholic Church, they are concerned that they will lose their tax exempt status because they will no longer be able to teach their children that marriage is between one man and one woman, and that they can no longer get tax benefits for doing so.
It's called the "stranger-on-the-train phenomenon".

It's a phenomenon that happens when you are talking to a complete stranger, and they are interested in what you're doing. 

I'm not sure what you mean by "interested", but I think it has to do with the fact that you're talking to someone who is interested in you, and you're not interested in them.
It's a tradition that dates back to the 15th century when tennis was played on a clock face. 

The clock face was used to keep track of how many points each player had scored.  It was a way for the players to know how close they were to each other.  If they were tied at 15-15, the clock would move back to 40 to establish another "deuce".

If they were still tied at 30-30, they would move the clock back to 50 to establish a tie.
It's always exactly 6 people in a lineup. 

1. The person you see in the picture

2. The other 5 people who are in the photo

3. The guy you see on the right

4. The man on the left

5. The woman who is standing in front of you

6. The girl who is in the middle
Inhalant abuse is caused by the body not being able to regulate the amount of air in your lungs. 

When you abuse inhalants, your body is trying to regulate how much air your lungs are able to take in and how much oxygen they can take in.

If you take too much, your lungs will start to constrict and you will be unable to get enough oxygen to breathe properly. This will cause you to cough, wheeze, and have shortness of breath. This can be treated with a bronchodilator, which is a drug that lowers the pressure in your
It doesn't. 

3D printers use photopolymers.  They use a special type of ink that is photoluminescent.  The ink is deposited on the surface of the plastic.  When the ink is applied to the plastic, it creates a thin layer of the material.  This layer is then placed on top of another layer of plastic, and the two layers are joined together to form a solid object.  It's a very simple process, but it's very powerful.

It's a lot easier to explain than it sounds.  Photopolymers are made up of
They don't sell it to the museum, they sell to private collectors. 

They steal it from private collectors, and then they sell it back to the artist.

The museum doesn't know who they're selling it to, and they don't know how much they're worth.
I'm not a stockbroker, but I'll try to explain.

In the early days of the stock market, you could buy and sell stocks on the open market.  You could do this by placing an order and waiting for the price to go up or down.  If the price goes up, you buy it, and if it goes down, you sell it.  This is called "open outcry" trading.  

Nowadays, you can do it with electronic trading, but it's not as easy as it used to be.  It's still a lot of work,
Hydrogen fuel cells are not as clean as they seem.

They use a lot more energy than a regular car, and they require a lot of energy to run. 

Buses and cars are not built to run on hydrogen, so they don't need hydrogen fuel cells.
I'm not sure what you mean by "rich" or "poor".

Romney's quip was meant to be about the fact that the "47%" are the people who make less than $50,000 a year.

The "47%" are people who are making less money than the "50%". 

If you're talking about the top 1% of the population, you're referring to those who make more than $1.5 million a year, which is about the same as the top 5% of Americans. 


If you want to talk about the "
The first-sale doctrine applies to goods manufactured abroad with the copyright owner's permission and then imported into the US without such permission.

You can import a book from another country but can't buy it digitally.
Assurance, Actuarial, Tax and Consulting.  

Accounting is the job of looking at the financial statements of a company and figuring out how much money they have and how much they need to spend.

Tax and Consulting are the jobs of the people who make sure that the company is doing the right things.  They are responsible for making sure the company has the right amount of money, and that they are spending it correctly.  A financial consultant is the person who makes sure that all the money is being spent correctly and that it's not going to go to waste.  It's
It depends on the major. 

If you want to be an engineer, you need a Bachelor of Science degree in Engineering, which is a 4-year degree in engineering.  You can get a Master of Science (MSc) degree in Computer Science.  It's a 4 year degree in computer science, but you need to be able to work in a computer science field.

You can also get a Masters of Science in Business Administration (MBA) degree.  This is a 3 year degree, and it's a degree that you can take in addition to your Bachelor's degree.
The earth is spinning. 

It's a spheroid shape.

The reason it's spinning is because of the rotation of the earth's core.  The Earth's core is made up of a bunch of molten rock and liquid water.  When the Earth rotates, the liquid water is pushed out of the core and into the surrounding air.  This causes the earth to spin.  It's also why the Earth's gravity is so strong.  That's why we can feel the earth moving.  We can also feel it because we can't see it, but we can hear it
It's called [misophonia](_URL_0_) and it's caused by the way your brain interprets the sound.

When you hear a fork scraping against a plate, your brain is interpreting it as the sound of your fingernails on a chalkboard, which is why you find it annoying.
The Taliban, ISIS and Boko Haram don't fund themselves through extortion, they fund themselves by kidnapping, extortion, extortion and extortion. 

In the case of the Taliban, the money they get from extortion is used to buy weapons and ammunition, which they then use to fight the government.

The money ISIS gets from drug trafficking, which is illegal in many parts of the world.
If you look at a tree from the ground, you will see that it is at an angle to the ground. You can calculate the distance to the top of the tree using a yardstick. 

If you are standing at the base of a tree, you can measure the angle between the ground and the tree, and then you can calculate how far you are from the top.
The Federal Trade Commission does not have the authority to block a merger because they are not allowed to do so. 

The FTC is allowed to block the acquisition of a company because they believe that the merger will hurt competition in the market.

For example, if a company wants to buy another company, they have to show that they are able to compete with that other company, and that the other company is not able to do the same thing. If they can't do that, then the FTC can't block the merger.
Snapchat takes a picture of your face and then sends it to the camera app. The camera app then takes a photo of your reflection in the mirror.

When you look at the photo in mirror, you are looking at the image from the camera, not at your face.
Because games are a form of entertainment. 

They are a medium where you can tell people that they are being lied to, and they can tell you that you are lying to them.

It's the same reason that movies are able to put blatant lies on the cover of their movies.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm going to try to explain it in layman's terms.

One person gets sick at the same time with the same illness, but one of them gets better faster than the other
Mazda's rotary engines work by using a peritrochoid rotary shaft that spins on an eccentric shaft. The shaft is driven by a belt that connects to a layshaft spur gear, which drives the output shaft drive to a shaft drive that drives the engine. 

The shaft drives the crankshaft, which spins the pistons. The pistons carry rollers that follow an internal cam, causing the rollers to follow the 90 degrees of rotation of the cam, which causes the cylinder to expand and contract.

When the cam is turned, the cam pushes air into the cylinder, which expands and contracts the cylinder. The compression ratio is 9.4:1.
It is still an issue. The Supreme Court has ruled that abortion is legal in the United States, but that doesn't mean that it is legal everywhere. 

There are a lot of states that have laws that restrict abortion, but those laws are not legal in all of them, so the Supreme Court is still deciding whether or not to overturn Roe v Wade.
The Planck constant is a measure of the amount of energy in a sphere. 

Imagine you have a sphere that is one Planck length in diameter.  You can measure how much energy is in it.  If you measure it, you will find that it has a Planck value of 1 Planck.

Now, imagine you want to measure the distance between two Planck units.  So, you measure how long it takes for the sphere to travel from one point to the other.  The second Planck unit is the length of the sphere, and the metre is the distance from the
It depends on a number of factors. 

1. The amount of time that has passed since the last ejaculation.

2. The length of time it takes for the fluid to drain out of the urethra

3. How long does it take for it to become unhealty for male to not ejaculate
It depends on the material. 

Glass is transparent because it reflects a lot of light.

Nylon is opaque because it absorbs most of the light.
It's not a western-culture thing, it's a cultural thing. 

In the West, men are expected to approach women in the same way they approach other men.  It's a social norm.  In the Middle East, women are not expected to do the same thing.
Yes. 

There are a lot of undiscovered places on the earth, but they are mostly under ice caps, under ice sheets, under the earth's crust, in space, or in the depths of the ocean.

We can't find them all, but we can find some of them. 


_URL_0_
It's because of the thickness of the screen. 

Glove touchscreens are sensitive to dirt and dust that can interfere with the capacitive touch screen.

When you wear gloves, you're not touching the screen with your entire hand.  You're only touching the part of it that's sensitive to touch.  The rest of the touchscreen is sensitive to the rest of your body.
Light bulbs are made up of two parts. 

The anode and cathode.  The anode is the one that emits light.  When the cathode is turned on, it heats up.  This causes the anode to emit more energy, which causes it to turn off.

When the bulb is turned off, it is still hot, so it takes a second or two for it to cool down enough to turn on again.  If you have an incandescent bulb, the filament is very hot.  It needs to be very hot before it can operate.  So it
The heart can't drop back down to resting instantly. 

The heart is designed to pump blood to all the vital organs in your body at the same rate.  When you stop pumping blood, the heart stops working, and the blood stops being able to get to the organs that need it.  This is called bradycardia.
It's a picture of Morrissey in a Rolls Royce.  It's the cover of the album "Here Comes the Fuzz".  It was released in 1991.  The song is called "Here Come The Fuzz" and it's about Morrissey and his band.  Morrissey is dressed as a priest in a white clerical collar and black blazer and pants, while carrying rosaries and wearing a crucifix.
We can't just use a different antibiotic. 

MRSA is not a big deal because it's not a problem that can be cured.  It's a problem because the bacteria that cause it have developed resistance to the antibiotics that are used to treat it.

Antibiotic resistance is caused by bacteria that have been exposed to antibiotics for a long time and have developed the ability to adapt to them.  The problem is that these bacteria are resistant to the drugs that are currently being used.
Yahoo's streaming service doesn't have as many viewers as the original cable channel, so they don't get the same amount of viewers. 

They also don't have the same quality of content, so it's not like they can get as many people to watch the show.
Tin foil is made of tin, which is very malleable. This means that when you chew it, you're biting into something that isn't made of the same metal as the foil. 

Aluminum foil is much stronger than tin foil, so it doesn't hurt as much.
Windows updates are updates to the operating system.  They contain new features, bug fixes, security fixes, and other updates.  

Windows updates contain updates for all of the software that runs on your computer.  Most of the time, they are security updates, but sometimes they are bug fixes.  For example, if you have a virus on your system, you might want to update your antivirus software to fix it.

If you have an older version of Windows, you may want to upgrade to Windows 7 or 8.  This is because it is the last version of the OS that has
They don't. 

They are trained to be able to sense when someone is having a seizure.  They are not trained to alert people of an impending seizure, they are trained not to.  If they were trained to detect a seizure, then they would be trained to go to the person who is having the seizure and alert them.
The travelling salesman problem is an optimization problem. 

Let's say you have a list of 10 cities in a country, and you want to find the shortest route between them.

The easiest way to do this is to look at all the roads between the cities, and decide which one is the shortest.  If you look at the list of cities, you will find that the shortest way between them is the one with the lowest cost.  This means that you need to find a way to get from one city to the other with the least amount of travel time.  You can do this by looking
It's not waterproof for 15 minutes, it's waterproof for 45 minutes. 

The reason it's not 45 minutes is because the phone is sealed with a thin layer of polycarbonate, which absorbs water.

Polycarbonate is a very porous material, so it can absorb water, but it doesn't absorb it as well as other materials.
WinRAR is a way to test the security of the operating system.  It's not really a trial period, it's a way for people to see if the program will change.  If it doesn't, they won't be able to use it.

If it does change, then it's not worth the trial period.
Satellites have to send a signal out into space, and the signal has to travel 22,000 miles to get back to earth. 

It takes a long time for the signal to travel from the satellite to the ground, and it takes a lot of time for it to get to your computer.

When satellite tv comes in, the signal is sent out in real-time, and your computer has to wait for it.
Carbon-based life is based on the four most common elements in the universe: carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, oxygen, and nitrogen. These four elements together comprise over 96% of Earth's collective biomass.

Carbon is the most common element in the visible universe, and it is the element most likely to provide the bases for the basic building blocks of life anywhere.
Shivering increases blood flow to your extremities, which causes your body to raise the temperature of the blood vessels in your hands and feet. 

Your body has two main ways of keeping your body warm. The first is by sweating.  Your body produces heat by evaporation of water from your sweat glands.  The second is by contracting your muscles to produce more heat.  When you shiver, your muscles contract, which increases the amount of heat your body produces.  This increases your body's ability to produce heat, which makes you feel warmer.
"Identity politics" is a political approach and analysis based on people prioritizing the concerns most relevant to their particular racial, religious, ethnic, sexual, social, cultural or other identity, and forming exclusive political alliances with others of this group, instead of engaging in more traditional, broad-based party politics. 

For example, if you're a black person, and you want to be able to vote, you have to identify with the black community. If you're gay, and want to vote for the gay rights movement, you need to identify as a gay person.

If you're white,
There are a lot of different races in the world. 

There are two main types of races.

Amerindian and Amerindian are the most common, and they are the ones that have the most genetic diversity.  They are mostly related to each other, but they are also related to other ethnic groups, such as Native Americans, Asians, and African Americans.
The price of oil in the boondocks is determined by the price of crude oil, which is a product of the extraction of oil from the ground. 

In a big city like you live in it's significantly more expensive because there is a lot more demand for oil, and therefore more supply.
Your brain has a lot of short term memories that are stored in your brain. When you sleep, your brain shuts down the part of your brain responsible for storing long-term memories. This part of the brain is called the hippocampus, and it's the part that stores memories.

When you wake up, you have a chance to re-experience your dreams. This is called REM (Rapid Eye Movement, or rapid eye movement) sleep. REM sleep is when your brain is most active. It's when you have the most vivid dreams, but it's also when you're most likely to wake up
Lobbying is a legal activity in which special interests hire well-connected professional advocates, often lawyers, to argue for specific legislation in decision-making bodies such as the United States Congress. 

Bribery is illegal, but lobbying is legal.
Yes, it would look better on a 720p phone than on a 1080p phone.

1080p is a higher resolution than 720p, but 720p is lower resolution than 1080p.
The government doesn't just return your taxes. It also collects taxes from the people who pay them.

If you don't pay taxes, the government can't collect taxes from you.
Your skin absorbs UV light at wavelengths between 290 and 320 nm and converts it into vitamin D3. 

Vitamin D is produced in your skin by 7-dehydrocholesterol, which is found deep in the stratum basale and stratum spinosum. This is the layer of your skin that absorbs UV rays and converts them into Vitamin D.
Friction is caused by the molecules of air hitting the surface of your skin. 

When you stick your arm out of the window, the air molecules are hitting your skin, and the friction causes heat to be transferred to the surrounding air.
Your body has a circadian rhythm.  Your body is set to wake up at the same time during the week because your body is used to waking up at a certain time every day.  When you go to bed on a Sunday night, your body goes to sleep at a different time than it does on a weekday.
I was morbidly obese for 19 years and now have a healthy, fit body. 

I'm not sure what effect it has on your organs today, but I can tell you that it does not have any effect on your blood pressure, heart rate, blood sugar levels, etc.

Your blood sugar is regulated by insulin.  When you are obese, your body is not able to produce enough insulin to keep up with the amount of calories your body needs.  Your body has to use up a lot of energy to maintain your weight.  This means that you have to eat more calories than you
Microwaves don't affect the nutritional content of the food. 

Microwave energy is absorbed by the food, but not absorbed by it.

The energy is used to heat the food from the inside out, not the outside.
When to use numbers instead of words and vice-versa (5 or Five? Ten or 10?)
We evolved to eat a variety of foods to survive. 

When we were hunter-gatherers, we had to hunt and gather food from the ground, which meant that we needed a constantly varied diet.

We also evolved to be able to digest large amounts of food, which means that we need to eat lots of different types of carbohydrates. 


We have adapted to eat different kinds of carbohydrates because we have evolved to digest them, and because we need them to keep us alive.
We don't know for sure, but I think it has something to do with the fact that life is self-replicating. 

If you think of it this way, if you want to survive, you need to reproduce.  If you don't reproduce, you die.  You can't survive.

So, if we don't replicate, we die.
Bacteria can live on surfaces for a long time. 

It's not that they can't be removed, it's just that they're not as good at it as you might think.

Bacteria are very hard to kill, and they don't like to be killed by chemicals, so they're more likely to survive and reproduce in the environment. 


If you want to get rid of bacteria, you need to use a chemical that kills all the bacteria, not just the ones that are resistant to it.  You can use bleach, but it's not as effective at killing all the
It depends on the jurisdiction. 

In the US, birth certificates are issued by the state where the baby was born.  If the birth was registered within 50 years of the birth, the state will issue a birth certificate.  In the case of a home-birthed baby, the birth certificate will be issued to the local registrar of birth, who will then issue a Social Security card to the child.  The birth certificate can be used to prove that the child was born in the US and that the parents were US citizens at the time of birth.

If the birth is not registered
Yes.

Anorexia and bulimia do exist. It's just not as well understood as it used to be in the past. 

In the past, there was a time when being fat was seen as a sign of weakness, and it was considered a sign that you were weak or weak.  It's not so much that we don't want people to be fat anymore, but that we want them to be thin.
When you write computer code, you're writing instructions for the CPU to do things. 

The instructions are stored in registers.  
 
The registers are stored on the CPU's memory.  The CPU can read them and write them back to the memory at any time.

When you read a line of code, the CPU is reading the instructions from the registers, and writing them to the RAM.  When you write a second line, it's writing the instructions in memory, and the RAM is reading them from the RAM, and then writing them back into the memory.
Spicy foods contain capsaicin. Capsaicin is a chemical that causes your body to react to heat. When it comes in contact with mucous membranes, it activates the receptors on your tongue that detect thermal heat. This activates the trigeminal nerve endings in your mouth, which causes a runny nose, puffy eyes, etc.
We don't inhale steam/vapor, we exhale it through our nostrils. 

Our lungs are filled with water.  When you inhale water, you're inhaling water vapor.  You're not inhaling steam, you are exhaling steam.  It's just that the water in your lungs is much denser than the steam in your nose.
We don't know. 

There are a lot of theories about how it came to be, but the best we can come up with is that it came from the outer solar system.

It's possible that water from other planets in the solar system, such as Mars, came to Earth via meteorites, but we don't really know for sure.
Closed captioning works by sending audio signals to a computer, which converts them into text. The computer then converts the text into audio, which is then read by a computer.

The problem is that the computer has to decode the audio signal, and then convert it into text, which takes a lot of time. 

When the computer receives the text, it has to translate it into a format that can be read by the human ear, which can take a long time.
We don't have fat on our heads. We have fat all over our bodies. It's just that our bodies are designed to store fat as energy.
The smoothing effect is due to the fact that when you see motion, your brain interprets it as movement. When you watch a video or film, your eyes are used to seeing it as a static image, so when the camera takes a picture of something moving, it's like you're seeing it in slow motion. 

When you see the motion in a video, you're not seeing the actual motion of the object, you are seeing the image your brain is processing.

So when you watch the video, the camera is taking a picture, and it's processing the image as if it's
It's not that you don't want to have children, it's that you're not interested in having children. 

You're just not that into them.
I think it has to do with scent receptors. 

When you rub your dog's tummy, it stimulates their scent receptors, which makes them go crazy.
A wasp is a type of wasp. It's purpose is to lay eggs and lay them on the eggs of other wasps. 

It's not a predator, it's a scavenger.
Harder tires are harder because they have more tread, which means they have a higher amount of tread.  The tread is the part of the tire that makes contact with the road surface.  When you have a hard tire, the tread has to push against the road, which causes it to compress.  This compression causes the tire to deform, which is why it has more grip.

When you have soft tires, the rubber has less tread, so it doesn't have to compress as much.  That means it has less deformation, which makes it more stable.  It also means that the
The federal government doesn't want you to be able to drink and drive under the influence of alcohol and tobacco. It's a matter of public health and safety. 

It's the same reason there's a legal limit to how much tobacco you can possess (in legal states) but not for other drugs.
Some video games load when you die/restart.

When you die, the game saves the state of the game, which is stored in the game's memory. When you reload the game after you die or restart, that state is overwritten, so it takes a while for the game to get back to that state.
It's not that there hasn't been a new god in over 2000 years, it's just that there's been a lot of new gods in the last 2000 years. 

There are a few religions that have been around for thousands of years, but they're not as big as Christianity, and they're very small, so they don't have as much of a following as Christianity.
A republic is a government where the head of state is not a monarch, but is elected by the people.

In the United States, the president is chosen by a majority of the people, and the senate is the other part of the government.
Yes, they are conscious, but not in the same way that we are. 

We are conscious because we are aware of what we are doing, but we are not conscious of the consequences of our actions.

An animal is conscious because they are aware that they are doing something, but they are not consciously aware of the outcome of their actions.
Your eyes are made up of three types of photoreceptors, L, M, and S. The L-cones are sensitive to red and green light, and the M-cone is sensitive to blue light. 

Your eyes have a lens in the back of your eye that filters out blue light and lets in white light. This is called the cornea. The cornea is the part of the eye that is responsible for the color vision.
Dizziness is caused by a lack of blood flow to the brain.  Dogs have a lot of blood vessels in their head that are connected to the spinal cord.  When they are dehydrated, they can't get enough blood to function properly.  This causes them to get dizzy.  

When they are hungry, they have to eat more to keep their blood flowing.  They also have to drink more water to keep them hydrated.  If they are not eating enough, they will get dehydrated.

If they eat too much, they'll get too thirsty and will get
Yes, they do. 

They are able to tell the difference between male and female based on their scent.  They can also tell the gender of their owner based on the color of their fur.  It's just a matter of time before they figure it out.
It's not a conspiracy theory, it's just that it's been around for a long time and has been used by many people. 

_URL_0_

If you're talking about the Mosman bomb hoax, it was actually a hoax.  It was created by a guy named Alvin Mosman.  He thought he was going to set off a bomb, but he didn't know how to detonate it.  Instead, he used a piece of foil that he thought was a bomb.  The police were able to determine that it was a fake, and they arrested him.
Insider trading is when you know that a company is going to make money, but you don't know how much money. 

In the case of DraftKings, they were making a lot of money, so they knew that they were going to be able to make a lot more money than they thought they would.

The problem is that they didn't have a good enough system in place to keep track of how many people were betting on the game, so when they announced that they would be adding more people to the pool, they made a bunch of mistakes, and the people who were betting against them
The 101st Airborne, 75th Rangers, 160th SOAR, etc. are all part of the 82nd Airborne Division. 

They are all separate divisions, each with their own lineage.  The 101st is a division of the Army, the 75th is a Ranger unit, and the 160th is an Airborne unit.
It's called [Parallax](_URL_0_).

Basically, when you look at something from a distance, your eyes perceive it as moving in the same direction as your head, but your brain interprets that as moving backwards. 

When you're moving at high speeds, your brain tries to tell you that the object is moving forward, but it's actually moving backwards, so your brain tells you that it's moving forwards.
It's because it's easier to keep track of the length of the lead than the width of the nib. 

If you want to know how long it takes for the lead to bend, you need to measure it in inches and tenths of an inch increments.
Your skin is made of melanin. Melanin is a chemical that absorbs UV rays and converts them into harmless heat. When you get sunburned, your skin produces more melanin, which then oxidizes and turns into oxygen, which is what gives you a darker color.
The Supreme Court has ruled that the Fourth Amendment does not apply to wiretapping of US citizens on US soil without a warrant (known as the warrantless wiretap program).
I think it's because the US Congress is much more formal and droll compared to the Canadian and UK Parliaments. 

The US Congress has a lot of committees and committees, and the House of Representatives has more time to debate and vote on bills.

In the UK Parliament, the Speaker of the House is called the Speaker.  The House of Commons has a smaller number of members than the Senate, so they have more time for debate.
The Nazis didn't know who was Jewish and who wasn't. They just knew that it was a criterion for selection. 

There was a law in Germany that required everyone to identify themselves by wearing a yellow star on their chest.  This was a way for the Nazis to determine who was a Jew and who was not.
I'm not sure what you mean by "only 1% reporting".

It's called a "margin of error". 

A margin of error is the difference between the number of people who say they voted and the number who actually voted.

If 1% of people don't report, then it's not accurate.  If 1% don't vote, it's accurate.
You can't. 

The US Federal Reserve does not print money.  The US Treasury does not.  They do not have the means to do so.  If they did, they would not be able to print enough money to keep up with inflation.
A conductor is a person who is in charge of directing the orchestra.  

He is the one who tells the orchestra to play the music.  He is also responsible for keeping the orchestra in tune with each other.  When the orchestra is playing the music, he is directing the musicians to play their instruments in the correct way.  The conductor is also the one responsible for making sure that the music is played in the right way.
Dinosaurs are not aliens. Dinosaurs are dinosaurs. 

If you are far enough away from Earth that you can't see Dinosaurs, then there are no aliens.
When you pause a video game, it stops the game from loading. 

When you start it up again, it starts the game up again.
It's called cosmological redshift, and it's caused by the expansion of the universe. 

When you look at a galaxy, you can see that it's moving away from you, but you can't see the light coming from it because it's traveling at the same speed as you are.

The universe is expanding, and as the universe expands, the amount of light it absorbs is increasing, and the amount that it reflects back to you is decreasing. This is called the cosmic microwave background radiation (CMB).

CMB is the light that we can see as it travels through
It's not seamed at all, it's seamed along the top and bottom. 

It's called a "French collar" and it's made of two pieces of fabric that are seamed together, one at the bottom and the other at the top.
The purpose of knighthood is to create a form of hierarchy and recognition for senior members of society.

In the Middle Ages, knights were essentially armoured, mounted warriors; by virtue of its defining characteristic of being mounted, they were considered to be the best of the best, and they were given the highest rank in the land. 

Modern day knights are not mounted warriors, but they are still considered the best in their field, and are often given the title of Knight of the Order of Merit, which is an order of chivalry.
I think it's because the scientific consensus is that man-made climate change is real, and that we need to do something about it. 

The problem is that there is no consensus on how to go about doing anything about it, and there are a lot of people who don't want to do anything.
I think it's because when you fretting, you're using your non-dominant hand to hold the strings in place. 

When you pick, you use your dominant hand to pluck the strings, but fretting is harder.
You don't need to enter your pin number when you pay using your credit card's chip.  It's a way for the merchant to verify that you are the person who paid for the item.  If you don't enter your PIN, they can't use it.
It's not that they don't have the money, it's that they're not getting enough of it. 

There are a lot of administrators at B1G schools (Ohio State, Michigan, Penn State) paid so much money because it's a business.  They're not doing it for the sake of the students, they're doing it to make money.
Humans have evolved to be able to feel pain. It's a survival mechanism. 

When you are injured, your body sends signals to your brain telling you that you're in pain, and your brain interprets that as a warning to run away from the injury. This is called "hyperalgesia".

If you're not careful, your brain will over-activate your pain receptors, causing you to feel more pain than you actually are.

This is why we can feel pain, because it's a way for our body to signal to our brain that we're in danger.
A black light is a lamp that emits ultraviolet light. 

A blacklight is a light source that emits UV-A light, which is not visible to the human eye.

The UV light is emitted by a gas in the tube, which causes a small current to flow through the tube.  The current causes the gas to glow.  This is called fluorescence.  Fluorescence is the color that many substances emit when exposed to UV light.
It's called the [hypogastric nerve](_URL_0_). It's a nerve that runs from your bladder to your brain. When you urinate, it sends a signal to the brain telling it that you need to pee. The brain interprets this as an urge to urinate.
Mathematicians don't make a lot of money, but they do make a decent living. 

If you have a degree in mathematics, you can get a job as a statistician, or a computer programmer, or an engineer, or you can be a software engineer.

Most mathematicians also have a Master's degree, which is a degree that allows them to get jobs in a variety of fields. 


For example, I have a PhD in Statistics, and I work for a software company.  I work with a company that makes software for companies that are trying to figure out how
The temperature of the food itself doesn't really matter. 

What does matter is the amount of water in the food.

Water has a higher surface area to volume ratio, which means that it has more energy to heat up than other materials.  This means that when you heat up the food, the water is able to spread out more evenly throughout the food and the food molecules are able to move around more freely.  The more water, the more energy the food has to move.  When you cook your food, you're increasing the surface area and increasing the volume of the water, so the
There is no such thing as a 4th primary color. 

We have three primary colors, red, green and blue.  The three primary colours are Red, Green, and Blue.

There is a fourth primary color, magenta.  This is the third primary color that we can't see.  It's called Green-Magenta, and it's a combination of the Red-Green and Green-Yellow cells in our eyes.  We can't actually see it because it's not part of the visible spectrum, but it's part of our brain's ability to detect complementary colors.
Communism and socialism are viewed as bad things. 

Communism is seen as a threat to society, and is viewed as a way to bring about communism.

Socialism is viewed by many Americans as a form of government intervention in the economy, and as an attempt to bring the economy under control.
It's called a ROM, and it's basically a copy of the original game code. 

When you play a game on a console, you're playing with the original hardware.  It's written on a piece of tape.  The game code is stored on the cartridge, and when you play the game, it's written into the ROM.  This is what you see on the screen.

If you want to make an emulator, you have to reverse engineer the original code, and then you need to write it into a new ROM, which is then loaded into the computer.
Qualcomm xxx is a Snapdragon 810 SoC.  

Apple X10 is an Exynos SoC, which is a Qualcomm xxx SoC
I think it's because when you talk to young children/pets, you're trying to get them to listen to your voice. When you're talking to them, you want them to hear your voice, so it's natural for you to use a higher pitched voice.
Microsoft is not making money from Android, they are making money by licensing it out to other companies.  

Google is making money because they have a huge market share of the Android market.  They have a lot of apps and services that people want to use on their phones, so they can charge other companies for access to them.

Microsoft, on the other hand, doesn't have that market share.  So they have to make money from licensing out the Android OS.
If you didn't have a fever, runny nose, sneezing etc, what would the symptoms of having that virus be?
I'm not sure what you're talking about. 

Modern jet engines are designed to operate at higher altitudes, which means they require more thrust to maintain the same speed.  This means that if one of the engines fails, the other two will be able to take over and provide enough power to keep the plane going.

The problem is that when you fly at high altitude, the air is thinner, so the engines need to work harder to keep up with the weight of the plane.  If one of them fails, you lose a lot of thrust and the plane will be forced to slow down
Tires don't recharge a battery.  They're made of rubber, and they're designed to be able to hold the weight of the battery.

Batteries are made of lithium ion, which is a type of lithium-ion.  When you put a battery in a tire, you're putting a lot of weight on the battery, so it's not able to store as much energy as it would if you put it in a regular battery.
The European Union can't demand that Google be broken up into separate companies because it's a US company.

They can demand that it be split up because they want to prevent it from being able to compete with other companies in the EU.
It's not easy to pass through immigration in airports with fake indentity, passports, and etc. 

You have to go through customs and immigration first, and then you have to submit to a background check.

If you don't have a passport, you can't pass through customs.
The A/C vents air into the car. When the windows are open, the air in the car is forced out of the car by the wind. If you leave the door open, it will push the air back in.
It feels good because it's the opposite of what survival instincts dictates. 

When you're hungry, you want to eat.  When you're cold, you don't want to be cold.

But when you have money, you're not hungry.  You want to spend it on things that make you happy.
Stamps are not suppose to pay for the cost of delivering mail.  They are suppose to be paid for by the people who use the service.
It's called orthostatic hypotension. When you're lying down, your heart rate drops and your blood pressure drops, which causes you to feel dizzy. 

When you stand up, your body adjusts your heart and blood pressure to keep you upright, and your brain adjusts your brain to keep your balance.
Mormons are a group of people who believe that Jesus Christ is the Son of God. They believe that he is the son of God and that he will return to earth at the end of time. 

Mormons believe that they are descendants of Israel and are descended from the tribe of Judah, who were originally from the Tribe of Judah who came to the Americas after its defeat by Babylon around 600 BCE.

They believe that Joseph Smith, the founder of the LDS Church, was a prophet who was sent by God to gather people together to build a city called Zion, which was to be the home of
Vaccines are good because they prevent diseases from evolving. Antibiotics are bad because they cause resistance to existing drugs.
Rabies is not a deadly disease.  It is caused by a virus that is transmitted through the bite of an infected animal.  If you don't get vaccinated, you will not be able to transmit the disease to other animals.
The American college education is a mix of general liberal arts and general sciences. 

There are a lot of majors and majors/minors, but I'll try to break it down into a few categories:

1. Liberal Arts: The degree is a combination of a bachelor's degree and a master's degree.

2. Science: A degree in Science is a degree in science, but it's not a "master's" degree. It's more of a "doctorate" degree, which means that you have to take a certain number of courses in order to earn a degree.
The changes made in the UK pensions market over the last 5 years include:

1. The government decided to raise the age for claiming the state pension from 65 to 65.  This means that people will no longer have to give up their jobs at 65 to claim their state pension.  

2. The Government also decided to make it illegal for companies to force people to stop working at 65 and give them a defined contribution pension.

3. They decided to limit the maximum annual contribution to a pension scheme, which means that you can no longer put in more than 10,000 a year
I think it has to do with the fact that memorization for exams is much more difficult than memorizing lyrics or movie monologues. 

When you memorize lyrics, you are using your brain to process the information.  When you study for exams, your brain is using the information to process it.
Alcohol is not a drug, it's a beverage. 

It's not a great drug, but it's not illegal either.
Honey bees are a vital part of our ecosystem. 

Humans use them to pollinate crops.  They also provide a vital source of food for our livestock.  If we don't have bees, we can't get enough food to feed our animals.
We know the universe is expanding because we can see it. 

We can measure the distance between galaxies using the Hubble constant, which is a measure of how far they are from each other.

If you look at a galaxy, you can see how far it is from the center of the galaxy, and you can measure how far away it is. 


You can also measure the redshift of galaxies by looking at the light coming from them, and measuring how much they have changed in the last few billion years.  This is called the [Redshift Ratio](_URL_0_).
Some Christians believe that the ban on homosexuality was lifted with Christ's New Covenant, but not others, like kosher rules.
When it rains, it pours.

Salt is water that has been dissolved by evaporation. 

When the water evaporates from the ground, it becomes salt.
The water pressure in the Marianis Trench is 1,086 bars (15,750psi), more than 1,000 times the standard atmospheric pressure at sea level.

If you were to detonate a nuclear bomb at the bottom of the trench, it would cause the water pressure to build up enough that it would explode.
Lithium ion batteries are made up of lithium atoms. 

When you use a lithium ion battery, the lithium atoms in the cell start to break down.  This breaks down the lithium ions in the cells, and causes them to lose their capacity.

The more you use them, the more they break down, and the longer they take to repair.
They don't. 

They use a chemical that breaks down the trichomes that make up the roots of the weed.  The trichome is a bunch of tiny little cells that are attached to the plant's leaves.  They can tell the difference between the roots and the leaves.
We live in an ecosystem. 

An ecosystem is a community of living organisms in conjunction with the nonliving components of their environment, interacting as a system.

In an ecosystem, all living organisms are connected and dependent upon one another in the food chain, and exchange energy and matter between themselves as well as with their environment. 


For example, if you live on land, you need to have a lot of water, and you need lots of nutrients.  So you have to have lots of water for your plants to grow.  If you live in a small area, you have less water
It's caused by a mutation in the gene that codes for a protein called [JAK](_URL_0_). 

Jakob was a German neurologist who was diagnosed with Creutzfeldt-jakob disease when he was in his 40s.  He died of the disease at the age of 50.  It is a very rare disease, and is caused by mutations in the genes that code for the protein that causes the disease.
Pi is irrational, meaning that it has no pattern. 

Pi is a measure of the area of the circle, which is the area divided by the square of the radius of the quarter circle.  So if you divide pi by the circumference, you get x^2 + y^2 = 1.

If you divide x^1 by 2, then you get pi = 2.
We can, but it's expensive and takes a lot of energy to do so.

Desalination works by evaporating water from the ocean and then using it to turn it into drinking water. 

The problem is that the ocean is very cold, and the water evaporates very quickly, so it takes a long time for the water to reach the ground. 


The water is also very salty, which means that it needs to be filtered out of the water before it can be used for drinking.
Laptops are getting cheaper and cheaper. 

The problem is that they're not getting any better.

They're just getting more expensive.
Humans will evolve over time.  

Humans have been around for millions of years.  It's not that nature no longer has control over us, it's just that we have evolved to adapt to it.  If we don't evolve to adapt, we will die out.
Cricket is a game of cricket.  

The ball is a cricket bat, and the batsmen hit the ball to the wicket, which is a square of the ground.  The batsmen then run to the other end of the pitch, where the ball is hit to a marker.  If the batsman hits the ball, he runs to the mark, and if the other batsman doesn't hit it, he doesn't get out.  There are two types of bowling, fast and slow, and there are three types of spin, which are fast, spin and swing.
Calibrated carbon dating is based on measuring the ratio of the three different carbon isotopes in the sample. 

Unalibrated dating is using the same method, but using different methods.

Calibration is done by measuring the amount of different isotopes of carbon in a sample, and comparing them to what they are today. 


For example, if you take a piece of wood, and measure how much carbon is in it, and compare it to what it is today, you will find that it is about 5,730 years old.  If you compare that to a piece
I think it's because it's louder for women to yell louder than men. 

I'm not sure if this is true, but I think it has something to do with the fact that women are more likely to be in the front of the stage, so they are louder.
You season the wok to keep it from over-cooking.  

If you don't season it, it will be too hot and you will overcook the food.
Your body stores energy as fat because your body needs it to maintain itself, grow, and engage in activity.

You can't just become overweight and stop eating so your body consumes the fat you already have on you.
I'm not sure what you mean by "fussing around". 

There's a lot going on in /r/technology right now.

_URL_0_
I think it has to do with the fact that when you're in the front of the train, your eyes are used to looking out the window and seeing the outside world. When you're travelling backwards, you're looking out of the window, and your eyes have to adjust to the sudden change in perspective.
Muscle cramps are caused by hyperflexion of the muscles being flexed/contracted.

Uterine contractions are caused when the heart muscle is beating, making a fist.
PEMDAS is a set of rules that govern the order of operations in a computer program. 

For example:

1. **1** = **0

2. **0** + **1

3. **2** =** 0

4.**1** +**0


5.**0** - **1*

6.**2** -**1*


7.**3**

8.**4** -

9.**5** -


10.**6** - 


11.
The past tense of "read" is "to read" and not "red", or some other variant?
We don't see them everywhere.  Birds don't hide before they die.  They're scavengers.  

Humans don't have the same instinct to hide.
Shakespeare's plays were written in a language that was very different from what we speak today.  

It's not that we stopped speaking Shakespearean English, it's that we started speaking English in a way that we don't speak English anymore.  Shakespeare's works were written during a time when we didn't have a lot of time to learn how to speak the language.  We didn't know how to communicate with each other, so we had to learn to communicate in other languages.
Sex and gender are not the same thing. 

Sex is a biological difference between a person's gender and their sexual orientation.

Sexual orientation is a psychological difference between gender and sexual orientation, which is a social difference.  It's not a biological one, it's a psychological one.  If you're gay, you're attracted to men, and if you're straight, you are attracted to women.  You're not attracted to both men and women, but you're also attracted to them.  So, if you are gay, and you're interested in men, you'll be attracted to
It's because the app needs to be able to send and receive data over the network.

If you're not authenticated on a laptop or phone, it's not possible for the app to send or receive data from your phone.
We don't farm spiders for their silk.  They don't need it.  

Moth silk is produced by caterpillars.  It's a waste of time and energy.
The man is drunk, the woman is unconscious.

The woman is drunk because she is unconscious, the man is intoxicated because he is trying to rape her.
It's called the labyrinthine righting reflex, and it's a reflex that corrects the orientation of the body when it is taken out of its normal upright position. 

Your brain has two groups of hair cells on either side of your brain called the vestibular system.  These hair cells are responsible for telling your brain which way your head is tilted.  When you get knocked out, your brain sends different signals to your brain to tell it which way you are tilted, and your brain interprets those signals to tell your muscles to do what they need to do to correct your orientation.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it's because it's a symbol of ownership. 

Men like to feel like they own a part of a woman's body, and they want to be able to claim ownership over it.
Muscles are made of proteins called sarcomeres. They are made up of a bunch of proteins that are attached to each other, and when they are stretched, they get tight.
The blind spot is the spot where the optic nerve exits the eyeball. 

It's called a [fovea](_URL_0_) and it's located in the center of the fovea, which is the part of the retina that receives light from the back of the eye.
The water in the mine is not enough to put out the fire.

The fire is too big to be put out by pumping lots and lots of water into the mine.
An electronic signature is an electronic sound, symbol, or process, attached to or logically associated with a record and executed or adopted by a person with the intent to sign the record. 

A handwritten signature is a physical document that is signed by the person who signed it.

An e-signature is a digital signature that is attached to a paper document.  It is not physically attached to the document.
They don't use stop motion. They use the same technique that they use for stop motion movies. 

They use a camera that has a timer on it.  When the time is up, the camera starts moving.  The time is recorded in real time, and the camera is constantly moving.

When the camera stops moving, it stops.  It's like a stop motion movie.
Groom's cake is a second flavor of the bride's cake.  It's usually a dark, liquor-soaked fruitcake, usually made with dark chocolate or another of his favorite flavors.  

It's a tradition that dates back to the late 19th century when English colonists brought it over from England, where it was considered "too light" for men's tastes.  They decided that it would be a better fit for the groom's tastes, so it was named the "groom's" cake.
The US had universal suffrage in the late 18th and early 19th century, but it was not universal until the mid-20th century. 

The reason for this is twofold:

1. The US was not a democracy until the late 1800s, when the right to vote was granted to all men.

2. The United States was a monarchy, which meant that there was no real reason for people to be able to vote.
We can, but it's not easy. 

We can control the weather, but we can't control it as well as we would like.  We can control it, but not as much as we'd like.

There are a few things we can do, but they're not as easy as we think they are.  For example, we can change the temperature of the air we breathe, but that's not the same thing as controlling the weather.  It's not as simple as changing the amount of air in the air, or how much air there is in the atmosphere.  There
Alcohol is legal everywhere. It is the most widely consumed psychoactive substance in the world.

Tobacco and caffeine are legal in some countries, but not everywhere. 

Hashish is legal in the US, but it is illegal in many other countries.
Red blood cells don't have a nucleus, and therefore no DNA, so they are not used for DNA sampling in crimes and such.

White blood cells do have DNA, but they do not contain a nucleus.  White blood cells have a cytoplasm, which contains the nuclei of other white blood cells.  This is what we use to measure the number of red blood cells per volume of blood.
They use a device called an Audimeter.  It's basically a radio receiver that has a chip in it that tells them how many people are listening to the station at any given time.  

They use it to track the number of people who are tuned in at any particular time of the day.
Your skin is full of sebaceous glands, which produce sebum, which is a type of oil. 

When you sleep, the sebum builds up in your skin, and when you don't get enough sleep, it builds up and makes it harder for your skin to get rid of it's excess sebum.
Because they are easier to fit and provide a better grip.  

The reason for this is twofold:

1. Flathead screws are easier for the screwdriver to fit, because they have a flat tip.

2. Flat head screws are more durable, so they are more likely to last a long time.
It's called the FM band. It's the band that is used by radio stations to broadcast their signal. It ranges from 87.5 to 108 MHz, and is used for low-power radio.
Congress is the legislative branch of the federal government. It is bicameral in nature with a Senate and the House of Representatives.

The President is the head of the executive branch. He is elected by the people.
I think it's because when you're talking to yourself, you're thinking in your own head. You're not thinking about what you're saying to yourself as if you were talking to a different person. 

You're thinking about how you feel, what you feel like doing, and what you want to do.

When you're in a situation where you don't feel like talking to someone else, it's easier to talk to yourself.
When you're playing music at full volume, you're using more power than the speakers are designed to handle.

A speaker is a diaphragm, which is a piece of metal that is connected to a metal platter. The platter is made up of a bunch of wires that are connected to the speaker. 

When you play music, the platter vibrates, which causes the wires to vibrate as well. This vibrates and causes the wire to get tangled up with each other, which eventually causes the speaker to wear out.
I don't know the answer to this, but I think it has to do with your perception of the road. 

When you are driving, your brain is trying to make sense of the world around you.  Your eyes are telling your brain that you are going the right way, but your brain isn't.  It's telling you that you're going the wrong way, and your brain interprets that as you're driving the other way.
When you cook eggs, you're breaking down the proteins in the yolk, which is the outer layer of the egg. When you cook the egg, the proteins are broken down into smaller and smaller pieces, and this causes the egg to become a solid.
The electrons in the outermost shell (or shells) determine the chemical properties of the atom; it is called the valence shell.  

The atoms in the innermost shell are called valence electrons, and they are the ones that are bound to the nucleus.

If you want to know why some atoms are more stable than others, you need to look at the structure of the atoms in their outer shells.
The internet is a collection of subnets. 

There are subnets that are connected to each other, and subnets are used to send and receive data.

A subnet is a network of computers and devices that can communicate with each other.  It is the backbone of the internet.  If you want to connect to the internet, you need to go through a subnet.  This is called the "Border Gateway Protocol".

The Internet is a set of subnets.  These subnets can be connected to other subnets, and they can be used to communicate with other
The Catholic Church was a very powerful institution in the middle ages. It was the largest religious organization in the world. 

It was the seat of power of the Catholic Church in Europe, and it was the center of power in the Middle Ages.

The Church was very wealthy and had a lot of money.  It was also very well educated.  The Pope was the head of the church, and he had a huge amount of power.  He was the leader of all the bishops, and the bishops were the heads of the clergy.  They were the ones who decided what the laws were,
It depends on the country.

Turkey shut down Twitter after the bombing because it was considered a threat to the country's security. 

Russia shut down Facebook after the 9/11 attacks because they thought it was a terrorist attack.
Your body has a system that regulates the amount of oxygen in your blood. If you stop to rest, your body stops producing enough oxygen to compensate for the loss of oxygen, and your heart rate increases. This causes your body to produce more lactic acid, which causes you to get winded.
Nebulae are made up of a lot of gas and dust, which absorbs light from the sky. 

When you look at a nebula, you're looking at the light coming from the stars.  The light from those stars is reflected off of the gas, which reflects back at you.

The light from these stars is also reflected off the dust and dust in front of it, which makes it appear more colorful.
The kilogram is a unit of mass, and the newton is the unit of force. 

A ton is the weight of a ton of concrete.

The weight of an object is proportional to its mass, so if you weigh a ton, you have to multiply it by 1,000 times the mass of the concrete.
It's because your brain is used to waking up at a certain time of the night. When you sleep for 8 hours, your brain goes into REM sleep, which is a deep sleep, and your body goes into a wakefulness state where you don't want to wake up until you're ready to go back to sleep.

When you wake up, your body is still in REM sleep and your brain doesn't know what time it is, so you feel groggy and groggy.
Net neutrality means that you can't charge a company like Netflix or Hulu for access to your data.  

Zero-rating means that they will charge you for using your data, but they won't give you access to the content that they want.  This is a violation of net neutrality.
Bayesians theorem is a theorem that says that if you know something, you should be able to estimate the likelihood that it is true. 

For example, if you have a bunch of people in a room, and you know that they all have the same amount of money, you can estimate how much money they have.

But if you don't know what they have, then you can't estimate how many people have money, so you have to estimate how likely they are to have a lot of money.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it has something to do with your circadian rhythm. When you're awake, your body is trying to adjust to the fact that you're not getting enough sleep. Your body has a lot of chemicals in it that make you feel tired, so it's trying to keep you awake.

When you're sleep deprived, these chemicals aren't working as well, so your body has to fight them off. This is why some people can stay awake for a lot longer than others.
Cadbury has applied for a trademark for the colour purple.  

In the US, it is possible for color alone to function as a trademark.
Menthol activates your thermoreceptors in your mouth and throat, which makes it feel colder.
I think it has to do with the amount of bacteria in your mouth. 

If you have bad breath, it's because your mouth is full of bacteria.  Your mouth is also full of mucous membranes, which contains bacteria that your nose can't detect.  When you eat, your nose has to work harder to detect the bacteria because it's not as thick as it used to be.  If you don't have bacteria, your mouth doesn't have to work as hard to detect bacteria.
The transition between audio tracks is not seamless.

When you play a track, the audio signal is split into two separate streams, one on each side of the track, and the other on the other side. 

The audio signals are sent to your computer at different rates.  If the audio is sent at the same rate, you will get the same amount of data.  But if you send the audio at a different rate, it will be sent at different speeds, and your computer will be able to pick up on the difference.
Pornography is not considered prostitution in the US. 

It is considered a form of sex work, but it is not prostitution in other countries.
The voice is your brain telling you what to do. 

It's not a conscious voice, it's just a part of your brain that is activated when you're thinking.  It's the same part of the brain that tells you to do things.
I think it has something to do with the fact that crying animals are more likely to be injured or in pain than children are. 

When you hear a crying animal, your brain sends out a bunch of chemicals to your body to help you deal with the situation.  These chemicals are called oxytocin.  Oxytocin is a hormone that is produced in the brain by the hypothalamus, which is the part of the brain responsible for emotional regulation.  When you hear an animal cry, your hypothalamus sends out the same chemicals to the amygdala, which tells your brain that something is wrong.
It's not that instant coffee has no ingredients, it's just that the FDA doesn't require it to list them. 

Coffee beans contain caffeine, which is regulated by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in the United States currently allows only beverages containing less than 0.02% caffeine; but caffeine powder is sold as a dietary supplement, so it's not required to list it.
I think it has to do with social norms. 

When someone identifies as another gender than their physical one, we assume they are of the same gender, but not if they identify as another race
The NBA players have been locked out of the collective bargaining agreement with the owners for over a year now. The owners are trying to force the players to agree to a new contract, which the players don't want to do.

The players want a raise, and the owners are not willing to give it to them.
Fraternities and sororities are social organizations that provide a social outlet for members, while also providing a place for them to learn about the world around them. 

Fraternity members are required to be members of a certain fraternity or sorority to be eligible for membership.  They are also required to have a certain amount of responsibility to the organization.  For example, if you are a member of a sorority, you are expected to be involved in a certain number of activities.  These activities can be anything from getting involved in the community, to getting involved with the fraternity, to helping out with
Sodomy is the act of having sex with another person without their consent. 

It's not a sin in and of itself, it's a crime against nature.
It would be the advantage of a "walking" tank. 

It would reduce the weight of the tank, which would make it easier to transport.

The disadvantage would be that it would be heavier, which means that the tank would need to be able to move more weight, which is a lot harder to do.
PDF, JPEG, PNG, TIFF, and other file types are all compression formats.

PDF is a file format that is used to store images in a format called a "folded" format.  It is a format that allows you to save images as a single file.  JPEG is a compression format that uses compression to compress images.  

GIF is a lossy compression format, which uses compression algorithms that compress images to a smaller size.  This means that if you want to save an image as a JPEG, you need to compress it to the same size as JPEG.
They can't hide things in terms and services. 

There are two main reasons:

1. They don't want to be sued.

2. They want to make sure their customers know what they're buying.
Because it would be a violation of animal welfare laws. 

It would be illegal to film a slaughter house and then release it to the public.
It's because the first two numbers have a mathematical relationship with the last two numbers in the key combination. 

If you accidentally hit a key, it will block the rest of the keyboard, and you can't re-enter the number.
I think it's called [Vignetting](_URL_0_).

It's a technique where you take a picture of a flat drawing and apply a layer of shading to it to make it appear 3D. 

You can do this by taking a photo of the drawing on a flat surface and adding shading to the edges of the picture to make them appear 3d.
It's called capacitive touch and it works by measuring the capacitance of the glass. 

Glass is a conductive material, so when you touch it with your finger, you're creating an electric field in the glass that causes it to conduct electricity.

When you touch the screen with your other hand, you are creating a magnetic field that causes the glass to vibrate, which causes the sensor to detect the change in capacitance between your finger and the screen.
It is possible to make HD versions of old movies. 

The problem is that the original film was shot on 35mm film, which is much higher resolution than the current HD film.

It is also possible to convert the film to 4K, but it is not as easy as it is to convert it to HD.
Lighting in games is achieved using a combination of two things.

First, the lighting is generated by the camera. The camera takes a series of images of the world around it, and then uses that image to determine where the light is coming from. This information is then fed to the computer, which then converts it into light. The computer then uses the light from the street lamps, torches, and gas lamps to create the lighting you see in the game. 

The second thing is that the computer uses a special algorithm to determine which light source is the source of the light and which is not.
I think it has to do with your emotional state. 

When you are stressed out, your brain is trying to find a way to deal with the situation.  It's like when you are in a fight.  You are trying to figure out how to get out of a fight, but you don't know how to do it.  Your brain doesn't know what to do, so it tries to come up with ways to get you out of the fight.

If you're stressed out about something, you can think of it as a fight or flight response.  Fight or flight is a
The X-Wing was designed to be a fighter jet, not a bomber. 

The pilots were not equipped with oxygen masks, so they didn't need to wear them.

Also, the X-wing was not designed to fly at high altitudes, so it would have been very difficult for them to eject.
I think it has to do with the fact that Indian Americans are more likely to be fluent in English than other ethnic groups. 

In India, there is a lot of emphasis on memorization and memorization in education, so it's not uncommon for students to memorize words before they enter a spelling bee.
Insider trading is when you know that a company is going to make a big announcement, but you don't report it to the market. 

For example, if the CEO of a company knows that they are going to be taking over a competitor, but they don't want to announce it publicly, then you can't trade on that information.

If the CEO knows that a competitor is coming to take over the company, but he doesn't want it to be publicly announced, then he can't sell his stock.


If he knows that the company will be taken over by another company, then
It doesn't. 

When you cook steak, the moisture in the meat evaporates from the surface.  When you dry-age it, the water evaporates out of the meat, leaving it with less moisture.  That's why it tastes better.
It's called the tonic immobility reflex. When you fall asleep, your muscles contract to keep you from falling out of bed. It's the same reason you can't fall asleep with your pants down.
They don't have one leader fish, they have a group of fish that decide where they want to go. 

The fish on the periphery of the school are aware of the direction they are going in, but they don't know where the leader fish is.  They are aware that they are in a group, and they know that they need to stay in the group.

They are also aware of where they are, but not necessarily aware of each other.  If they see a predator coming towards them from the other direction, they will move in the direction of the predator, but if they see
I'm not sure if you're talking about cars or planes, but I'm going to assume it's the latter.

In the days before cars, people used to travel by horse-drawn carriages. 

There was a time when there were no cars, so you had to walk to work, and if you wanted to get to work you would have to walk from your house to the train station, and then walk back to your house.  If you were going to work in a factory, you would walk from the factory to your car, and back to the factory, and so on.
I'm not sure how this will affect you as a law-abiding citizen. 

If you are a US citizen, you are not entitled to the same privacy rights as anyone else.  You are not allowed to have your phone calls, emails, text messages, or phone calls monitored by the government, and you are allowed to not be searched by the police.  If you live in the US, you do not have the right to be searched, and if you are in a foreign country, you cannot be searched.
Hair is shed in a variety of ways. 

1. When you wash your cat's fur, you are removing the hair from the top of her head.  This is called shedding.  
2.  When you clean her fur, the hair is removed from the bottom of her fur.  If you don't do this, it will stay in the same place for a long time.
3.  Sometimes, when you wash her hair, you can see the hair fall out of her hair follicles.  That's because the fur follicles are very dense.  The hair
It depends on the law.

1. You need to have a warrant for someone's arrest

2. You have to have probable cause to arrest someone

3. You must be able to prove that the person is guilty of a crime

4. You can't arrest someone without a warrant

5. The person has to consent to being arrested

6. If the person does not consent, the officer can use force to arrest them

7. If they refuse to comply, they can be arrested.
It's not so much the money as it is the time it takes to make the game. 

There are a lot of things that go into making a video game, but the biggest one is the amount of time and effort that goes into the development of the game itself.

First of all, there is the cost of the hardware and software.  The hardware is a huge part of it, but it's not the only part.  There are also the people who work on the software, the artists, the designers, the programmers, the sound designers, and the artists themselves.
The Aryan race was a sub-race of the Germanic race. 

They were the Nordic race, which included the Germans, Scandinavians and the rest of the Nordic countries (Norwegians, Swedes, Danes, Icelanders, and Faroese), ethnic Germans (including Austrians, Banat Swabians, as well as Sudeten, Baltic and Volga Germans), Alemannic Swiss, Liechtensteiners, etc.

The Jews were considered sub-Aryans because they were descended from the Jews, who were viewed as sub-humans.
The US labour laws/market conditions really are such that a house maid in NYC (re: Indian Dy. Consul affair) working 40 hrs/week earns $4,500/month, while Ph.D. researchers in the US earn about $3,500.
The purpose of an EGR valve is to control the amount of exhaust gas that is allowed to flow into the engine.  

When the engine is running at normal operating temperature, there is a small amount of air in the exhaust.  When the car is hot or cold, the air is forced out of the exhaust and into the intake manifold.  This causes a partial vacuum in the cylinder, which causes the engine to run faster.

If the engine was running at high engine temperature, the exhaust would not be able to draw as much air out as it normally would.  So the EGR
Mint is a plant that has a lot of sweeteners in it.  It's also a very aromatic plant, so it has a very strong flavor.

Mint has many different types of sweetener in it, but the most common ones are:

* Peppermint* 
* Wintergreen*
* Ginger*

Blackcurrant* 


* Spearmint*

 >  Blackcurrant is sweetened with sugar
* Cinnamon
* Spiced with cinnamon
* Aniseed (sweetened with aniseed)
* Nutmeg
* Tanger
Dj vu is a phenomenon caused by a mismatch between the sensory input your brain receives and the information your brain stores in your memory. 

Imagine that you have two sensory inputs.  One is the sound, and the other is the visual input.  The first input is brief, degraded, occluded, or distracted.  Your brain interprets it as a second sensory input, but the second input is longer, more complex, and contains more information than the first input.

When you experience this mismatch, your brain thinks that the first sensory input has already been experienced, and
Cold air has a higher pressure than warm air, which causes it to move faster. 

When the air is cold, it has a lower pressure, which means it has less energy to move at the same speed as the warm air.  This causes the sound waves to vibrate, which is what you hear as a whistle.
They float on the water. 

They use a float that is made up of a bunch of metal bars that are attached to the bottom of the float.

The float is made of a metal frame that is attached to a metal tube that is connected to the water, and the water is pumped into the float by a crane.  The crane lifts the float up into the air, and then the float is pushed down into the water by the crane.
Community College is a state-run institution that offers a variety of technical education programs. 

It is similar to a community college, but is not a state university.  It is a private institution that is run by the local community college board.

They offer a wide variety of programs, from technical education, to business, to health care, to community college.  They also have a lot of vocational programs, like welding, auto mechanics, and welding tech.  Some of these programs are funded by the state, some are funded through the local government, and some are run by private companies.
I think it has to do with your taste buds. 

Your taste buds are sensitive to a lot of different things, but the taste buds of corn flakes, popcorn, and other foods made from corn are the ones that are most sensitive to the taste of corn in its original form.
When you hear a recording, you're hearing the sound waves coming from two different sources at the same time. 

One source is the microphone, and the other is the speaker.

When two microphones are placed in the same place, they are recording the same sound waves at the exact same time, but the speaker is recording each wavefront at a slightly different time, so you hear the sound waveforms at different times. 


When you mix the two sources together, you are mixing the two different signals together, but you are also mixing them together in such a way that they sound different.
Depression has been around for thousands of years. It's just that it's not as well understood as it used to be.

There are a lot of theories about why it's so prevalent today, but the most common one is that it has to do with the advent of modernity. 

Modernity has led to a huge increase in the number of people with mental illnesses, and it's a result of the fact that we have a lot more access to mental health care, and a lot less time to deal with it. 


In the past, depression was more common in rural areas
The government does not pay for healthcare in the US. 

Insurance companies do.  The government regulates the insurers.

The government subsidizes the poor.
It's called "Eye Comfort mode" and it works by blocking out light from your eyes. 

When you're awake, your eyes are open, and the light is coming in through the back of your eyelids.  When you're asleep, the light comes in from the front of your eyes, and your brain interprets that as light.  So when you're in eye comfort mode, your brain tells your eyes to close, so that the light doesn't come in through your back.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it has to do with your perception of what you eat and how much you eat. 

If you eat a lot of candy bars, you're not going to get fat from one candy bar, but if you eat lots of junk food, you'll get fat.
The letters R, S, X, Z are used to indicate performance cars. 

The reason they are used is because they are the most common letter in the alphabet.

R stands for "racing car", S stands for sports car, X stands for sport car, and Z stands for rally car. 


The letters are used because they stand for "Racing car".

A sports car is a car that has a lot of power, but it's not a performance car. It's more of a sports car that's designed to go fast.  The letters R stands for
Grammatical cases are used to distinguish between nouns, verbs, and adjectives. 

For example, if you want to say "He is a soldier", you can say "he is" or "he's a soldier" in both cases.

In English, "he" is the subject of the sentence, and the verb is the object. 


In German, the subject is the verb and the object is the noun.  This is called the "nominative case", and it's used to differentiate between verbs and nouns.
The purpose of the HOA is to keep the property in good condition.  

If you live in a condo, you pay a maintenance fee for the upkeep of the property.  If you don't pay the maintenance fee, you can't live in the condo.
Toothpaste is an abrasive, so it will scratch the surface of the CD, but it will not scratch the data on the CD.
It's not that the phone isn't getting better, it's just that the quality of a normal call hasn't improved for years (always hissing and connection loss)... Why?!
It's called sebaceous glands. They secrete a substance called meibum that slows down the evaporation of tears, which causes them to stick together.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm going to try to explain it.

Let's say you're a stock trader and you want to buy a stock at $10 a share. 

First, you look at the price of the stock and see how much money is in it and how much is out of it.  If the price is $10, then you know that the stock is worth $10. If it's $20, you know it's worth $20. If $20 is $30, you can buy it at $30. If you're $
Solar panels are made of a thin film of crystalline silicon, a semiconductor material.  When light hits the silicon, it bounces off of it and gives up its energy to the atoms in the silicon.  This energy is converted into electrons, which are then used to generate electricity.
I think it has to do with the fact that women's orgasms last much longer than men's. 

When a woman has an orgasm, she is more likely to have an orgasm that lasts longer than a man's, which means that she will have a longer duration of orgasm.

Men, on the other hand, have a shorter period of time between orgasms, which is why they are less likely to get an orgasm.
It depends on the type of stone. 

Diamonds are mined from the ground.  They are graded by the gemological society.  The grading system is based on the weight, size, shape, color, clarity, and presence of flaws.  These are all factors that determine the value of a diamond.

For example, let's say you want to buy a diamond that is 1.5 carat (100 grams).  You can buy it for $100,000.  But if you want it to be worth $500,000, you have to buy it from someone who has
I think it has to do with the fact that rooting for a team is a form of self-esteem. 

When you are a fan of a team, you feel like you are part of the team.  You are rooting for the team because you want them to do well.  If they don't do well, you don't feel like they are doing well, so you feel bad for them.
Your tonsils are the first line of defense in the mouth as they create white blood cells in order to fight diseases, bacteria and viruses that enter through the mouth.

When you're young, your tonsils don't have a lot of function, so they don't get exposed to many germs. When you get older, however, your immune system starts to develop and the tonsils start to become more active.
Titanic premiered on November 1, but wasn't actually released until over a month later on December 19?
The NHS is a public health service.  It is funded by the government, but it is run by the local authorities.  The local authorities are responsible for running it.  

Social care is provided by the NHS, but the local authority is responsible for providing it.

The government wants to make it so that the NHS can be privatized.  This means that it will no longer be a state run system.  Instead, it will be a market driven system, where the NHS will be able to compete with private health care providers.
It's cheaper to make tin cans out of steel than it is to make them out of tin.
Your brain is able to distinguish between sound and visual information.  Your ears are able to pick up on the difference between the two, but your brain can't distinguish between the audio and the visual information, so you can't hear the audio when the TV is on.
Nielsen uses a device called a "peopleometer" that is attached to a TV set in a few thousand homes. It records the time and the programme that a viewer watches on a particular day, and adds them together to get the total number of viewers.
It's called "learned paralysis" and it's caused by the fact that the brain has a conflict between the visual system and the proprioceptive system, which sees that the limb is missing, and the motor system which perceives it as part of the body.
A multivitamin is a dietary supplement that does not include herbs, hormones, or drugs. It's just a supplement that contains vitamins, minerals, and other micronutrients. 

It's not as reliable as getting the same amount of nutrients from food, but it's a lot more reliable.
Magnetism is a property of magnetism. 

Magnetic field strength is a function of the size of the magnet.  If you put a magnet on a piece of metal, it will bend it, but if you put it on a magnetized piece of plastic, it won't bend it.

If you put magnets on a smart cover, they will bend the plastic, but they will not bend the metal.
I think it's because when you cry, your body releases a hormone called adrenocorticotropic hormone, which causes you to feel better. When you laugh, you're releasing cortisol, which is a hormone that helps your body deal with stress.
When you press on the screen, the liquid crystals on the back of the screen vibrate. 

The liquid crystals are made up of a bunch of tiny particles, and when they vibrate, they push against each other, causing the screen to move.
It's just a way for the artist to get their name on the album cover, so that people know it's there. It's also a way to get people to listen to the album before it's released.
It's not that everyone already knows who they are, it's that they are a known brand. 

If you have heard of McDonalds, you know who it is.  If you have never heard of them, you don't know what they are.

The reason they spend big bucks in advertising is because they want to stand out and differentiate themselves from other companies.
It depends on a lot of factors.

1. Location

2. The size of the city

3. The population

4. The number of people

5. The amount of equipment

6. The type of infrastructure

7. How well the city is defended

8. The kind of people in the area

9. How many people are there

10. What kind of infrastructure are they surrounded by

11. How big are the buildings

12. What are the roads

13. How long will it take to defend
It's not possible. 

The earth is getting warmer and warmer, and the air is getting denser and denser.  The air in the upper atmosphere is getting colder, and it's not getting as warm as it used to, so storms are not going to be able to last as long as they used to.
I think it has to do with the amount of alcohol in the liquor. 

If you drink a lot of wine, you will get drunk faster than if you drink the same amount of beer.

Alcohol is a diuretic, which means that it increases your blood alcohol content, which increases the rate at which your brain interprets the alcohol in your blood.  This is why you feel drunk faster when you drink more than you would if you drank less.
Income tax is a tax on all income, not just salary. 

If you earn $100,000 a year and you don't pay income tax on it, then you're not paying income tax.

However, if you make $100K a year, you're paying tax on $50,000 of that income, which is taxed at a rate of 25%.

This is called "pass-through" income, and it's taxed at the same rate as ordinary income. 


This means that if you have $50K of income, you pay tax on that $
Birds don't die during an earthquake, they are crushed by the ground. 

Earthquake is caused by the earth shaking, not the ground itself.
When you drill a hole, the pressure in the well is high enough to overcome the pressure exerted by the fluids in the formation drilled. When the pressure is low enough, the wellbore is not able to support the pressure. The pressure is too low for the fluid to be able to flow down the shaft. When you drill deeper into the ground, the fluid is able to push down, but the pressure isn't high enough for the pressure to be enough to push the fluid out of the well.

When the oil and gas rig is drilling, it is pumping a lot of fluid down the well shaft.
The word "mother" is derived from the Proto-Indo-European root word "ma" which means "to be born". 

It's the same as the word "father" in English, which is from the same root word for "father".
I don't know, but I think it has something to do with the fact that your brain is trying to process the information you're reading while you're in the car. It's like when you're trying to read a book, your brain tries to make sense of all the information it's seeing, but your eyes are telling your brain that it's not seeing what it thinks it is seeing, so your brain can't process it. 

I think it's because you're not paying attention to what's going on in front of you, and your brain doesn't know what you're seeing.
It's called positive myoclonus.

It's a reflex that occurs during the first stage of sleep, which is called Non-Rapid Eye Movement Rapid Eye Movement (NREM).

When you're in REM sleep, your muscles are contracting and contracting, and your brain interprets this as a sign that you're falling asleep. 

Your brain thinks this is a sign of falling asleep, so it sends a signal to your body to readjust your sleeping position so you don't fall out of a tree.
TARP was successful at stabilizing the financial markets and bailing out the big banks, auto industry, housing market, etc.

The problem was that there was a lot of speculation in the stock market, which caused the value of the stock to drop. 

When the housing market crashed in 2008, there was speculation that the government was going to bail out the banks and the auto industry. This was not the case. The government did not bail out any of the banks or auto companies, but the government did give them money to buy back their stock.
Submarine cables are used to carry data over the ocean. 

They are used for many things.

1. They are used as a way to send and receive information.  
2. They can be used to transmit data over long distances.
3. They serve as a means to transmit power.
4. They have been used for a lot of things in the past.
5. They provide a way for people to communicate with each other.
6. They allow for the transmission of data over a long distance.
7. They make it easier for people on land to
The difference between alienation and conveyance is that alienation is when property is not movable. 

Land is movable property.  It is not land that is owned by a person, it is land that belongs to someone else.

When property is transferred, the person who owns it is not the one who owns the land.  They are the ones who have the right to sell it.  If they sell the land, they are the people who own the property.
I think it has to do with the first syllables of their surnames. 

For example, in football, the quarterback is the guy who calls the plays, and the center is the one who runs the offense.
I'm not a stockbroker, but I'll try to do my best to explain what I can.

First, you need to understand the basics of the stock market. 

The stock market is a collection of companies that are publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE) and the NASDAQ (the NASDAQ).

There are a lot of things you can learn about stocks, but the most important ones are:

1. How much money are they worth?

2. What is the value of the company?
3. How many people own them
When you turn the faucet one way, it gives you cold water. When you turn it the other way, you get hot water.
It's not that they peel off your skin, it's that the skin has a layer of fat on top of the skin that prevents them from doing so.
I'm not sure what you're talking about. 

Obesity is caused by a number of things, but the most important of which is that it's a health issue.

When you're obese, your metabolism slows down, and your body has to use more energy to maintain your weight.  This means that you need to eat more calories to keep up with your weight, which means you have to burn more calories than you do when you're not exercising.  Your body also needs to store fat as energy, which is why you get fat on the outside of your body.  When you're
The distinction between a "developed" and a "developing" one is based on a number of factors. 

1. A developed country is a country that has a lot of natural resources and is able to produce goods and services.

2. A developing country is one that doesn't have as much natural resources as a developed country, but has developed enough to be able to provide for its citizens. 


3. A "developed country" is one with a high population and high population density, but with a low population density and a low GDP.


4. A country with a
If you're traveling faster than the speed of sound in a jet and you try to talk, you're going so fast that the air in front of you starts to compress, and the air behind you is being pushed out of the way by the air ahead of you. 

If you talk, the air around you will compress as well, and you will be pushed away from the plane.
When you have a fever, your body's core temperature rises to a higher temperature. This causes your body to produce more heat, which causes you to feel cold.

When your body breaks the fever, it releases more heat and your body is able to cool itself down.
HTML5 is the 5th revision of the HTML language. 

HTML is a language that is used to describe the structure of a web page.  It's basically a set of rules that describe how a page should be displayed on your computer screen.

The first version of HTML was called DOM, which stands for "domestication of the page".  It describes how the page should look on your screen.  The first version was called HTML2, and it was designed to allow you to display things like text, images, and videos.  HTML3 is a new version of the language that
It's not a dead language, it's a dying language. 

It's just that we don't use it as a lingua franca anymore.

In the middle ages, it was used as a language for writing documents, writing laws, and communicating with other cultures. It was also used as an auxiliary language to communicate between cultures. 


The Latin language is still spoken in many parts of the world, and it's still used in many languages.  It's just not as widely spoken as it once was.
The U.S. government does not have to pay all of its debt.  It has to pay interest on it.  

The Federal Reserve buys bonds and sells them on the open market.  The interest rate is set by the Federal Reserve.  If the Fed wants to raise interest rates, it has to sell the bonds at a higher rate than they are worth.  This means that the government has to borrow more money to pay off the debt.
English is the lingua franca.  It is the language of communication.  If you speak English, you can communicate with people in other languages, but if you don't speak English you can't communicate with other people.  

It's not that we don't know any other languages but our own, it's just that we are used to speaking English.
It's not going to make it worse at gripping and hitting the ball.  

It will make it harder for the ball to hit the bat, but it won't make it any harder to swing. 
 
_URL_0_
The Ottoman Empire (which no longer exists) did to Armenians as a "genocide". It was part of a systematic policy of extermination of Christian minorities in Asia Minor during the turmoil of World War I. 

Turkey is not officially recognized as a state, so they don't want to be accused of genocide.
They don't "decide" to develop a certain physical feature. It's a matter of natural selection. 

If you look at the evolution of a trait, it's not so much that the trait is "decided" as it is that it is a product of the environment.

For example, if you have a cat that has a cataract, it is because the cat has evolved to be able to see the cataracts. If you have an antelope that is able to walk on its hind legs, then the antelope has developed a way of walking on their hind legs
I think it has to do with testosterone levels. 

Baldness is caused by testosterone levels in the hair follicles of the head.

When you're young, testosterone levels are very high, so it's not uncommon for a male to have extreme male pattern baldness. When you're older, it's less common.
Stout is a dry beer made with roasted malted barley.

Porter is a dark ale made with malted oats.
Your brain knows when to release certain chemicals to feel certain emotions. It's called the [HPA axis](_URL_0_). 

The HPA axis is a part of the hypothalamus, which is the part of your brain that controls your body's nervous system.  When you feel an emotion, your hypothalamus sends a signal to your brain telling it to release a chemical called glucocorticoids.  These chemicals are released when you're stressed, angry, or scared.
The medical examiner testified that Zimmerman shot Martin because he thought he was going to kill him.  He said that he was following Martin and that he saw him with a gun.  Zimmerman said that Martin came out and punched him and told him to stop, and that's when he shot him.
Yes, it is theoretically possible. 

The problem is that it would require a lot of electricity to make it work.

You would need a very strong magnetic field to make a person float, and it would need to be strong enough to keep the person from falling. 


You could also use a magnet to make the person float by creating a magnetic field between the person and the ground, but that would require an extremely strong magnet.
Menthol is a diuretic, which is a chemical that causes your body to release heat. When you shake a can of shaving cream, you're activating the TRPM8 receptors in your brain, which causes it to feel colder. 

_URL_0_
The point of life is to be alive. It's not to have a purpose, it's to be able to do things that make you happy.
They don't put all the logos and colours on the ice, they put them on the boards. 

The boards are made of plastic, and the ice itself is made of wood.

There are two types of boards that are used. One is called a "puck" and the other is called an "ice". The puck is made up of two pieces of wood, one with a logo on it, and one with the team's name on it. The logo is on the bottom of the puck, the ice is on top of the logo, the other on the back of the jersey.
Some drive-thrus use one window because it's easier for the drive through staff to get to the food. 

Others use two because they want to keep the line moving in one direction.
Yes, there is an upper limit to a maximum speed attainable by man made objects in outer space, or can man made probes continue traveling faster and faster
A doctorate is a degree for which a university (or other degree-awarding institution) has waived the usual requirements, such as matriculation, residence, a dissertation, and the passing of comprehensive examinations.

An honorary degree is usually given to someone who has no prior connection with the academic institution or no previous postsecondary education. 

For example, if you have a Master of Science degree, but have never been to a university, and have no previous connections to the university, the university will give you an honorary degree for "for the sake of the honour".
It's not that we don't get sick more frequently in the winter than the summer, it's just that we spend more time indoors, which means we are exposed to more germs. 

The cold is caused by your body's immune system not being able to produce enough mucus to fight off the viruses that cause the common cold.
They don't get prickles/thorns/splinters in their feet, they get them in their fur. 

The reason they do is because their fur is so thick that they can't get rid of them.
The difference between what ISP's have been doing forever (more $ for faster internet) and what they were just fighting against (Net Neutrality) is that they are not charging more for a "fast lane" what they've been doing to everyone already, and continue to do.
Yes. 

The brain has less to control, but that doesn't mean it has less accuracy and "free space" for everyday thinking and logical functions.

Think of it like this:

When you are paralyzed, you can't move your limbs, but you can still move your brain.  Your brain is still there, but it can't do the things it used to do.  For example, if you have a stroke, your brain can no longer control your muscles, so it has to rely on your muscles to move them.  This means that your brain doesn't have as much
The energy of an object (m: 66 kg) falling from a height of 12 meters and hitting water is about 12 newtons. 

If you're talking about the force of impact, the energy of the impact is the same as the weight of the object.
It's not that we have to save water, it's just that we don't have the infrastructure to do it. 

Water treatment plants are expensive and require a lot of energy to run.  The water treatment plant is also expensive because it has to maintain the water treatment plants and the infrastructure.  It's not like we can just dump the water out of the pipes and let it sit in the ground for a few years.
The US dollar is not backed by oil.  It is backed by gold.

Gold is a store of value.  Gold is used as a medium of exchange, but it is not the same as a currency.  The value of gold is tied to the price of gold, and the value of oil is not.  

The idea is that because the US is one of the leading oil producers in the world, and because of this, the dollar is worth more than gold.  This means that if other countries decide to devalue their currencies, the US will devalue its currency as well.
It's a safety thing. If a car were to hit a camera, it would cause a lot of damage to the car, so it's safer to have a big square hood.
It's not bad to transplant a houseplant into a pot that's too big for it, but the same plants can grow in the wild with unlimited soil. 

The problem is that houseplants don't like soil that is too small for them.  They need to be able to spread their seeds, and if they're not able to, they will die.
Aspirin, Tylenol, Advil, Ibuprofen, and naproxen are all NSAIDs. They are all pain relievers, but they are all different. 

Paracetamol (acetaminophen) is a NSAID. It is a pain reliever, but it is also a muscle relaxer.

Advil (Advil) is an NSAID, which is an anti-inflammatory drug. It works by inhibiting the production of acetaminophen, which helps reduce inflammation in the body. It does not have the same effect on the brain as aspirin
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it has to do with the fact that video game graphics have gotten a lot better in the past 5 years.

Back in the day, video games used to be rendered in real-time, which meant that you had to render every frame of a video game in real time. 

Now, you have to render the entire game at the same time, which means that you need to render each frame at the exact same resolution.  This means that if you want to make a game look like it's been around for 5 years, you
Divisions are usually made up of regiments, platoons, and brigades.

A brigade is a group of units that are organized into battalions. 

For example, the 1st Cavalry Division of the US Army is a regiment, the 2nd Infantry Division is a brigade, the 3rd Cavalry division is a platoon, and the 4th Cavalry Divisions are a brigade.
There are a lot of languages that have multiple tenses, but not all of them have the same verb tenses. 

For example, the past tense of "you saw me" is the same as "I saw you" in English, but in the Basque language it's called "ikusi nauzu" or "nauzu".
Pornography is a business.  It's not a business, it's a way for people to make a living.  If you don't want to pay for it, you can't buy it.  

Porn ads are a way to get people to look at porn.  They don't get people looking at porn, they get people thinking about porn.
I think it's because they don't want you to have to open the back cover to replace the battery. 

It's not like you can open the case and remove the battery, it's like you have to take the battery out of the phone and replace it yourself.
If you are Chinese, Japanese, Korean, or Japanese, you are a part of the Asian race. 

If you're not Chinese, you're a Japanese or Korean or Korean.
Dogs and cats can be domesticated. 

Goldfish and silkmoths can be.  Goldfish have been domesticated in the wild for thousands of years.  They can be used as pets, but they can't be used for anything else.

Silkmoths are a bit more difficult to domesticate.  There are a lot of things they can do that dogs can't do.  For example, they can eat goldfish, but can't live long enough to reproduce.  Silkmoths have a very hard time reproducing, and they can only survive in captivity for a
Your computer has a lot of flash memory in it.  It's called a flash memory.  When you write something to it, your computer needs to write it to the flash memory first.  The flash memory is a piece of memory that is connected to the CPU.  So when you write, the CPU has to wait for the data to be written to the memory before it can do anything else.  

When you first start writing, the computer is trying to read the data from the memory and write it back to the computer.  This takes a lot more time than if it were just to
It's not bad for the engine, it's bad for your car's transmission. 

When you turn your car off, the transmission stops working.  It's like turning off a light switch.  When the car is still in drive, the engine is still running, but the transmission is not.  If you turn the car off while it's still running the transmission will stop working, and the car will not start.

If you're not careful, you can damage the transmission by turning it off.
It's called the "memory effect".

Batteries are made up of a bunch of different types of lithium-ion cells. Each cell has its own charge capacity. When the battery is fully charged, it starts to "remember" the point in its charge cycle where it was at when it was last recharged, so it will "reverse charge" as the other cells continue to be recharged.

When you turn off your phone, the battery stops "remembracing" that point in the charge cycle, and it stops "recharging". 

This is why your phone will
The upper class didn't end up just spending their fortunes in pre industrial revolution England.

There was a time when the upper class had a lot of land, and they were able to live off of that land. 

In the early days of the industrial revolution, there was a lot more land than there is now, and it was used for farming, so they could afford to live on it.
It depends on where you live. 

In the US, the term "Hispanic" is used to refer to people of Spanish-speaking ancestry.  In Mexico, it refers to the Hispanos of New Mexico until the U.S. government started using it in the 1970 Census.  The term "Latino" refers to people who are of Spanish ancestry, but who are also of Mexican ancestry.

Hispanic and Latino are two different terms that are used interchangeably in American English, but have slightly different ranges of meaning.  Hispanic is used in the eastern portion of the United States, whereas Latino
The "Alpha" symbol stands for "alpha" which is the color of the light source. 

If you look at a picture of a tree, you can see that it has three primary colors: red, green, and blue.

When you see the tree, the light is coming from two different sources, red and green. If you take the red light from one source and put it in front of the green light from the other, you will see a red light coming from the red source, but if you put it next to the blue light, you'll see a blue light.
The size of a dog does not affect its brain size/intelligence. 

Dogs have a lot more neurons in their brains than humans.  The brain of a Chihuahua is about 5-10 times bigger than that of a Dobberman.
It's called astringency. 

The back of your tongue is dry because of the tannins in wine and tea.

When you drink wine, the alcohol in the wine causes your tongue to contract, which causes it to dry out.
It's because the measurement system is based on inches, not centimeters. 

If you're measuring in inches, you're not measuring in centimeters, you are measuring in millimeters.

So, if you're wearing a shirt, and it's a size 14W, it's going to be a 14W. If you wear a size 26W, you'll be wearing a 26W shirt, but it's not going to fit as well because it's an inch shorter.
I don't know the answer to this, but I think it has something to do with how CAPTCHA works.

CAPTCHA stands for "Computer Can't Read Your Caption" and it's a test that requires you to type distorted letters, numbers or symbols that appear in an image undecipherable by a computer. 

It's a way to prove that you're not a robot.  It's not a test to prove you're human, it's just a way for a computer to see if it can read your text.
It's because it's a symbol of love. 

When you draw a heart, you're drawing the shape of the heart, not the heart itself.
Your fingerprints can be traced back to you if you've been convicted of a crime. 

Your fingerprints are stored in a database called the [Fingerprint Databank](_URL_0_).  It's a database of all the people who have been arrested and convicted of crimes.

If you're not convicted of any crime, you don't have to put your fingerprints in the database.
It's not in the Qur'an.  It's a cultural thing. 

It's a tradition that's been going on for thousands of years, and it's not even explicitly stated in the Quran.
I think it has to do with our survival instincts. 

When you eat something that is inherently bad for you, your brain tells your body that it is good for you. Your body then tells your brain that you need to eat it, and your brain then rewards you for eating it.
They don't. 

It's called the [preening motion](_URL_0_).

Basically, it's a way for the birds to get rid of excess feathers.

When you chop off a chicken's head, the muscles that hold it in place are stretched out, and the muscles in the back of the head are compressed.  This causes the muscles to contract, which causes them to move.
Clouds are clumpy because they are made up of water droplets. 

When the air above you is warm, it condenses into droplets of water.  When the air below you is cold, it cools down.  This causes the droplets to condense into smaller droplets, making them clumpy.
The philosophical zombie is a philosophical argument against the idea that consciousness is all that is required to explain consciousness.

It's a thought experiment in philosophy of mind and philosophy of perception that imagines a being that, if it could conceivably exist, would be indistinguishable from a normal human being but lack conscious experience, qualia, or sentience.
The problem is that processors have been stuck at 2-4 Ghz for a long time because of the limitations of the silicon used to make them.  

Processors are made up of a lot of transistors.  The more transistors you have, the faster the clock speed.  If you want to increase the speed of a processor, you need to make the transistors bigger and bigger.  This means that you have to make more and bigger transistors, which means you need more and more power.

The problem with this is that the amount of power required to make a processor is
T-shirts are a way for people to show off their muscles.  They are also a way to show that they are not wearing a dress shirt.  If you wear a t-shirt under your shirt, you are showing off your muscles.
HTTP/2 is going to change the internet. 

HTTP/1.1 is a protocol that allows you to send and receive data in chunks (e.g. bytes) rather than a single stream of bytes.  This means that you don't have to deal with the overhead of sending and receiving large chunks of data, and that you can send them in chunks instead of sending them all at once.
Emotions are a natural part of being human. They are a part of our survival mechanism. 

When we are stressed out, we release a lot of stress hormones.  These hormones are called stress hormones, and they can cause us to react in a way that is detrimental to our survival.  For example, when you are stressed, your body releases cortisol, which is a hormone that causes your body to release cortisol.  When you release cortisol, your brain tells your body that you're stressed, and your body tells your brain that you need to take a break from the stress hormone.
Because they don't get paid for it. 

If you're talking about bands, it's not that they're not getting paid.  It's that they aren't getting paid for the time it takes to make a song.  They're getting paid to have their music on a platform that doesn't allow them to make money off of it.
When you connect the cables to the battery, you're trying to get the current to flow through the circuit. 

When you plug in a battery, the voltage is proportional to the current flowing through it.  So if you're connecting the cables in series, the current will flow in series.  But if you connect them in parallel, the electricity will flow out of the battery in parallel.  This causes the voltage to drop, which causes the circuit to stop working properly.

If you plug the cables into the wall, you'll get the same effect.  If you plug them in in parallel
It's not that we don't see steam powered cars in modern cars, it's that they're just not cost effective.

Steam cars are heavy and require a lot of maintenance and upkeep. 

An internal combustion engine is an external combustion engine (ECE) in which the fuel is combusted outside of the engine, but the combustion chamber is inside the engine.  This means that the fuel has to be combusted away from the engine before it can be used.  Steam cars require a large amount of water to boil the fuel, which is heavy and requires constant maintenance.  It's also
We didn't discover that drugs "worked" throughout history, we discovered that they "worked".

We discovered that some drugs work by studying the chemical structure of the molecules that make up the drug, and then we studied how they interact with other molecules in the body.

This is how we came to discover that certain drugs "work" - by studying how the molecules in a drug interact with each other.
I think it has something to do with the fact that we are more likely to remember things we see in pictures than words.

When you look at a picture, your brain is processing it as if it were a memory. It's not that it doesn't know what it's seeing, it's just that it's processing it in a different way than it does with words.
It's not that they don't want to tell you good things about yourself, it's that they want you to do good things for others. 

It's just that they're not sure you're capable of doing it.
The moon was a symbol of the end of the Cold War.  It was the first time that a country was able to land a man on the moon.  

It was also an opportunity for the world to see that the United States was capable of doing things that other countries could not.

The Soviets had launched the first artificial satellite, Sputnik 1, in 1957, and the US had launched Mercury 1 in 1959.  The Soviets were able to launch their own satellite, Vostok 1, but the US was not able to do the same thing.  They were also able to
Heroin contains 6-monoacetylmorphine (6-MAM), which is a metabolite of morphine. This means that when you take heroin, you are metabolizing it into morphine, which is what makes it addictive. 

Morphine is a powerful painkiller, but it is also a powerful euphoric drug. It is used as a recreational drug for the euphoric and rewarding effects that it induces.

The problem with heroin is that it is metabolized into 6-methyl-6-methyltryptamine (MAM). This is a psychoactive metabolite that
Argon is an inert gas, which means that it doesn't do anything useful.

Helium is inert, meaning that it's not used as a breathing gas, so it can't be used as an asphyxiant. 

Sulfur hexafluoride is inert because it's a very small molecule, so you can't use it as an oxygen carrier, and it's too small to be useful as a gas carrier.
The diamond is about 12 inches in diameter.

If you hit it with a sledgehammer, it would break the surface of the diamond, and it would fall.
Dogs are born knowing how to hunt because they have been shown how to do it by other dogs. They have been trained to hunt by their parents. 

Dogs don't have to watch other dogs hunt, they just have to be shown how.

They don't need to see other dogs do it, they need to experience it themselves.
They don't. 

Cable TV is a monopoly.  They have a contract with the content producers to show their shows on their channels.  If they don't want to do that, they have to pay a fee to the content producer.

Netflix doesn't have that contract, so they can do whatever they want.
It's not really bad, it's just that it's been around for way too long. 

Flash is a programming language, and has been around since the 90s.  It was originally developed by Netscape and Netscape was the first browser to use it.  Netscape used it because it was very fast and easy to use, but it was also very slow and had a lot of bugs.

It's also been around a long time, so it's not like it's a new technology.  Flash was developed in the 90's, and it's still around today.  But
Your diaphragm and stomach muscles are contracting. 

When you are running, your heart is pumping blood through your body, which causes your diaphrasis muscles to contract.  This causes pressure to build up in your stomach, which is why you get cramps when you run.
Gold is a store of value. 

Gold is used as an investment.  If you buy gold, you are buying it for the value of the gold itself.

If you buy a gold coin, you're buying gold for the price of the coin.  You're buying it because you want to hold it for a long time, and you want it to be worth more than it is now.
It's not that pasta has more calories than lettuce, it's that the amount of carbs in the pasta is more than the amount in the lettuce. 

Think of it like this:

1 kilocalorie = 1 kilojoule of energy.

100g of pasta has 100g of carbs, so it has 1 kiloJ/calorie

Lettuce, on the other hand, has 120g of carbohydrates, which means that it has 100 calories per 100g

E=mc^2 is a unit of energy, but it's not the same as 1
China is a very large country with a large population. 

China is also very densely populated, and has a large amount of natural resources.  This means that it is very difficult for a country of that size to build up a large army, and it is extremely difficult for them to train and train their troops.  China is also a very small country, so it is difficult to train a large number of soldiers.

In order to invade China, the Japanese needed to have a large enough force that they could easily overwhelm the Chinese army.  They also needed to be able to train their soldiers in
It's not self aware, it's aware of what it is doing. 

It's aware that it's doing a task, but it's not doing it for the sake of doing it.  It's doing it because it wants to be able to do it.
The rural US is the most rural part of the United States.  It is also the least populated.  This is why it is often referred to as "the country" even though it is the largest country in the world.
The parietal cells in the stomach are called oxyntic cells. They are called gastric glands because they produce hydrochloric acid. 

When the stomach is full of food, they produce a thick layer of mucus, which acts as a barrier to prevent the strong acid from damaging the stomach.

They also produce bicarbonate, which neutralizes any excess acid that has made it down into the small intestines.
The director is the first person credited in movies because they are the ones who actually make the film. 

Producers and actors are usually credited after the director, but the director is usually the first to be credited.

The reason for this is that it's easier for people to remember the names of the people who worked on the film than it is to remember who wrote the script.
I think it's because it's easier to make a single sneeze than it is to make multiple sneezes.
You can control what happens in your imagination, but you can't control how it happens. 

Imagine you have a dream, and you wake up in the middle of the night with a dream.  You wake up, and your brain tells you that you're dreaming.  But you don't remember what you dreamt about.

Your imagination is a part of your brain, but it's not your conscious brain.  It's the brain's way of telling you what's going on.
They measure the speed of the car by measuring how fast the car is moving relative to the road in front of it. 

The car's speedometer has a sensor in the wheel that measures how fast it is moving.  The sensor is connected to the car's computer, and the computer uses the data from the sensor to calculate the speed.

When the computer calculates the speed, it uses the information from the sensors in the car to tell the computer how much time has passed since the last time the car was measured, and then it uses that information to calculate how much distance the car has traveled.
PayPal is a company that allows you to pay for things online.  

You can send money to other people, and they will send it back to you.  They charge you a fee for each transaction.  It's not really worth it.
I'm not a meteorologist, but I can give you a few tips.

1. If you're not sure what the weather is going to be like today, check the weather forecast. 

2. If it's going to rain, watch the news. 


3. If the news is bad, read up on it.
It's called [Plantar fasciitis](_URL_0_) and it's caused by pressure being put on the nerves in the soles of your feet.
Most of the energy appears to be wasted in the upward travelling fireball and mushroom cloud. 

However, it's not.

The fireball is a sphere, and the mushroom is a cone, so the energy is spread out over a much larger area than the rest of the fireball.
The new Miller puncture doesn't actually do anything. 

What it does is it causes the blood vessels in the skin to constrict, which causes the pressure in the wound to increase.

The pressure increases so much that the blood can't get out of the wound, so it has to go back into the wound.
Lye is an irritant to the skin, but it doesn't burn it.

Pretzels are made from wheat flour, which has a lot of calcium oxalate crystals (raphides) that can sometimes cause itching and burning sensations in the mouth.
Because it's a 64 bit program. 64 bit programs can't run 16 bit programs.
Air to Air refuelling is cheaper than regular airlines because they don't have to pay for the fuel. 

Commercial airlines don't do this because it's not cost effective.  They don't want to pay extra money for fuel when they can get it cheaper from other airlines.
It's not. 

A computer can't provide a truly random number/response if it's made up of coded instructions from a programmer.  It can generate a random number, but it needs to be generated by a computer that knows how to generate a sequence of numbers at a rate of hundreds or perhaps thousands per second.

It's possible to make a computer generate random numbers, but you need to know how to do it.  You need to be able to generate the numbers in such a way that the computer knows how many times it has to generate them in order to get the right result.
Magnet links are a type of magnet.

A magnet is a magnet that has a strong magnetic field. 

When you put a magnet on a piece of metal, it creates a magnetic field, and the magnetic field is directed in the direction of the magnet. If you have a magnet with a weak magnetic field (like a weak magnet), you can make a magnet link between the weak magnet and the strong magnet.
You're not using the electricity that is already on standby, you're using the power that is being used to recharge the batteries in your devices. 

Think of it like this:

Imagine you have a battery in your car.  It's sitting in the garage.  When you turn the car on, it starts charging the battery.  But when you turn it off, the battery dies.  So you have to plug it back in.  If you keep the car running, it won't be able to do that.

If you turn off the car, it will die.
Dental records can be compared to dental records. 

Dentistry is a specialized field of medicine that deals with dental issues. Dentists will take x-rays of a person's teeth and compare them to the dental records of the person who died.

They can also compare the teeth to the person's dental records to determine if they are the same person.
Your immune system stores information in the form of proteins called antigens. Antigens are proteins that are found on the surface of bacteria, viruses, parasites, and other organisms. 

Antigens can be stored in a number of different ways, but the most common way is that they are stored in proteins called peptides. These peptides can be used by your immune system to identify the structure of the bacteria or virus on their surface.

When you get sick, your body's immune system recognizes these peptides and sends them to your brain, which then sends them back to your immune cells
It would be possible, but it would be a lot more expensive.  

Imagine you have a battery in your phone.  You plug it in to a wall outlet.  If you want to charge your phone, you plug it into the wall.  Then you plug the phone into the charger.  The charger knows that the phone is plugged in to the wall, and uses the power from the wall to charge the battery.

The problem is that you need to be careful about how much power you're using.  Your phone needs to be able to store enough energy to charge itself, and
DNA is double-stranded, meaning that the two strands run in opposite directions. 

RNA is single stranded, meaning the two ends of the molecule are attached to each other.

When you split DNA into two strands, you can use each strand as a template for building a new piece of DNA, and use it as the template for copying the genetic code. 


This is the same reason why DNA is double stranded and RNA is single.  It's easier to build a new copy of the DNA molecule than it is to make a copy of RNA.
We didn't invent math, but we did discover it. 

The Pythagoreans believed that numbers rule the world and "All is number", and two millennia later were also expressed by Galileo Galilei: "The book of nature is written in the language of mathematics".
It's not the government's job to help them pay off the loans, it's the banks' job to make sure they pay off their loans.

The government is supposed to be the lender of last resort, not the borrower of the money.
We don't know. 

We know it's a natural cycle, but we don't really know which "side" has more objective scientists.
The strong law of large numbers is a law of nature. It is the law that says that if you have a large number, you have to divide it into a finite number of smaller numbers. 

The weak law is that you can't divide a number into smaller numbers, but you can divide it in a finite amount of time.

So, if you want to know how long it takes for a number to go from 0 to 1, you need to divide the number by the number of times it has to go, and then divide it by the time it has gone from 0-1.
Hash functions.

Let's say you have a list of keys. 

Say you want to know where the first key is. 


A key is a number.  

  
    "A" = "a"

Now, let's say we have a set of keys:

A = A

B = B

C = C

D = D

E = E

F = F

G = G

H = H

So, we can say, "A, B, C, D
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it has to do with the fact that you're swimming in a pool that has a lot of water in it. 

If you have a fear of water, it's probably because you're afraid of the water coming out of the drain.  If you're not afraid of water coming from the drain, then it's because you are swimming in water that's coming from a source other than the drain itself.
Barcodes are a series of black and white stripes that are read by an optical scanner.  They are stored as a sequence of numbers, which when read by a laser is converted into a digital sequence, which according to fixed rules can be converted into decimal numbers or other data.
It's a combination of many things. 

1. Your brain is constantly trying to learn new sounds and patterns.

2. When you're listening to music, your brain is trying to make sense of the music.
3. When the music is played, your ears are trying to figure out what is going on.
4. When we hear music, our brains are working in pairs.
5. Our brain is processing the music and trying to find patterns in it.
6. When a song is playing, our brain tries to find the patterns in the music that we like.
Coughs are caused by the muscles in your throat constricting to push air out of your lungs. When you have a chesty cough, your muscles are not constricting enough to push the air out.
When you're tired, your body has less blood flow to your core, so your blood vessels constrict, which causes your body to lose heat faster.
When you are tired, your eyes stop producing tears, which causes your eyes to dilate. This causes the blood vessels under the eyes to constrict, causing dark circles.
The moon orbits in the equatorial plane of the equator, and the moon's gravity pulls the asteroid into an elliptical orbit around the earth. 

If the moon were to collide with the asteroid, it would change the orbit of the moon, which would cause it to move into a more circular orbit.

The moon has a very strong gravitational pull on the asteroid.  If the asteroid were to hit the moon it would be pulled out of its circular orbit and into the plane of its own gravity.
It's not that China is ruining the global economy, it's that they are destroying it. 

China has been doing a lot of things that other countries have been doing for a long time.  For example, they have been subsidizing their own industries, allowing them to produce more goods and services at a lower cost than other countries.  They have also devalued their currency in order to make it more attractive for foreign companies to buy their products.  This has caused the value of their currency to drop, which is bad for the rest of the world.
A preamp is the head of the guitar. 

A head is a piece of metal that is connected to a coil of wire that connects to the guitar's neck.  The coil connects to a pickup, which is the one that makes the sound.

The head is the thing that connects the guitar to the amp.  A preamp connects the preamp to the head, which connects the head to the amplifier.  This is what makes the guitar sound like it is playing.
Film has a higher dynamic range than digital cameras. 

This means that when you take a picture with a film camera, you're taking a picture of a lot of different things.  You're not just taking a single shot of a scene, you are taking a bunch of pictures of different scenes.  If you look at a picture on film, you can see all the details in the picture.  Digital cameras don't have the ability to do this, so you can't see all of the detail in a picture.

When you take pictures with a digital camera, there's no way for you
If every driver suddenly decided to always drive safely under the speed limit, how much would that affect the funding of police departments if they couldn't issue tickets?
Our eyes have a concave retina, which allows light to pass through it and into the back of our brain.

A camera lens has a flat sensor, which lets light pass through, but not through our eyes. 

When you look at a picture through a camera lens, you are looking at the image through the lens, but your brain is looking at it through your eyes.
Hotep is a programming language.  It is used in a number of different languages.  

For example, in English, it is a language that is used to communicate with other languages.

In German, it can be used in German, French, Italian, Spanish, Portuguese, and Portuguese.  In the case of Hotep, the language is German.  Hotep is the German equivalent of English.  The German version is called "Hotep" and the English version is known as "Hep".

Hotep has a lot of features, but the main one is that
Fighter jets have a very long nose cone and canards to keep the air out of the way of the engines. 

When the engines are running at supersonic speed, the air around them is very turbulent.  This creates a lot of turbulence, which causes the sound waves to bounce off of the plane.

The sound waves bounce off the fuselage, which is why fighter jets are so loud.
Your brain works the other way when you're playing video games. Your brain is used to focusing on what's going on in front of you, and your eyes are used to looking at the screen, so you're used to it. Your roommate's brain is more used to seeing the world around you, so it doesn't need to focus on the screen as much.
Heat therapy works by increasing blood flow to the muscle, which causes it to contract. 

Cold therapy, on the other hand, works by reducing blood flow, which increases blood pressure, which makes it easier for blood to get to the injured area.

Heat therapy is generally used for muscle spasms, myalgia, fibromyalgia, contracture, bursitis, etc.
There are no expert marketers who sign off on them. 

There are a lot of people who approve of them, but they are not expert marketers.  They are just people who happen to like the product.
I think it has to do with the fact that a lot of young people are not getting the education they need to be able to make informed decisions about the future. 

In Germany, the Nazis were the party of the working class, and they were in power for a long time, so they were able to pass on their ideas to the next generation.

Nowadays, there are more and more young people who are not in the workforce, and so they are not able to get the education that they need, and are therefore more likely to be attracted to the ideas of National Socialism.
A kei car is a small car that is built to fit in a small space. 

In Japan, there is a limit on the size of the engine and the weight of the car, so that it can be built in a way that allows it to be sold as a "light car".

The limit is set by the Japanese government, and it was set in 1949.

It was originally limited to 150cc (9.9 cu in) for two-stroke engines, and 250cc for four stroke engines, but the limit was gradually increased to 660cc for 4 stroke engines.
I'm not sure if you're talking about linux or windows. 

Linux has a lot of things that make it take longer to install.

First of all, there's the fact that the operating system has a huge number of files that need to be installed, and they're not all in the same place on the hard drive, so it takes a lot longer to get them all installed. 


Secondly, there are a lot more windows programs that are installed on your hard drive than on a linux drive.  For example, if you want to install Windows Office, you need to download the
Bass is a very low frequency sound.  

It's not that cheap speakers can't reproduce bass accurately, it's that they're not built to reproduce it accurately.  The size of the speaker doesn't matter.  It's the shape of the enclosure that matters.  If you have a speaker that's 10"x10" and it's only capable of reproducing bass at 40Hz, it won't be able to reproduce bass at all.

If you want to reproduce the bass at 50Hz, you have to build a speaker with a 10" woofer.  That's
I think it's because she's used to seeing other dogs on tv.  She's not used to being around other dogs.  If she sees another dog on tv, she'll go nuts.
The federal government has the power to regulate interstate commerce, but the states have the right to set their own laws. 

If the federal government wants to regulate something, they can do so, but they can't force the state to do it.

There are two ways that this can happen.  First, the state can sue the feds.  The federal government can sue them for interfering with the state's laws, and the federal courts will throw out the lawsuit.  Second, the states can sue for discrimination.  In the case of the Voting Rights Act of 1965, the Supreme Court ruled that
Your computer has a lot of things going on at once a second.  

CPUs are designed to be able to do a lot at once.  When you have 50% of the CPU being used, all the other processes are waiting for the CPU to be done.  This means that when the CPU is idle, it's not doing anything.  It's just sitting there waiting for it's time to do something else.

When you have 100% of your CPU used, the CPU has to wait for the rest of the system to do its thing.  If it's idle, the
They are called "chem trails" and they are caused by water droplets falling from the sky. 

_URL_0_
We have a hardier stomach than other animals. 

Chocolate and avacados are made up of a lot of fat and sugar.  Our stomachs are much smaller than those of other animals, so we can't digest as much of it.
We capitalize "I" because it's the first person singular pronoun. "A" is the second person singular.

"I" and "a" are the same pronoun, but "i" is used as a plural pronoun.
The reason we still use magnetic connectors is because they are more fragile than the male ones. 

Magnetic connectors are more prone to damage, especially if you are constantly touching them.

The other reason is that they are easier to remove and replace.
Internet Explorer has been around for a very long time. 

It was the first browser that was designed and built for the purpose of being able to do things that other browsers couldn't do.

For example, it was designed to be able to render text in a way that other browser engines couldn't.  
 
It also had a lot of bugs that made it difficult for websites to use it.  For example, if you want to display a page in a browser, you have to use the CSS (JavaScript) rendering engine, which is a library of code that allows you to
Rabies is not a species specific disease. It is a virus that can be passed from one animal to another. 

Dogs are the main source of rabies, but they are not the only ones that can transmit it to humans.

Bats, raccoons, foxes, skunks, wolves, and cats are also known to transmit rabies to humans, but the majority of cases are caused by dogs. In fact, dogs are responsible for up to 99% of all rabies deaths in humans.
I'm not sure what you mean by "they become homeless as a result of large medical bills".

If you're referring to people who end up homeless because they can't afford to pay their medical bills, that's not true.

There are a lot of people who are homeless because of medical bills. 

For example, if you're talking about people who have been homeless for a long time and have been living on the streets for a while, they can be homeless because their health insurance won't cover the cost of treatment. 


They can also be homeless due to mental illness.
Tattoo ink is stored in a layer of the skin called the dermis, which is just below the epidermis. This is the part of your skin that is constantly dying and being replaced. 

When you get a tattoo, the ink is still there, but it has been absorbed by the skin, so it's not visible to the naked eye.
I'm not sure what you mean by "ridiculous in price". 

I think it's because the university is trying to get as much money as they can out of the textbook as possible.

They don't want to have to pay for the materials themselves, they want to sell them to other people.  

 >  Why are university texts often ridiculous in price?

Because they don't have enough money to cover the costs of producing them.  They don't know how much people will pay for them, so they have to raise the price.  This means that they have
When you tilt your phone, the light from the raindrops hits the screen and bounces off of it. The light bounces off the back of the phone and bounces around inside the phone, causing the dots to change colors.
Deaf people use sign language to communicate with each other. They can't hear, so they have to communicate through their cochlea, which is the part of the inner ear that converts sound to visual signals. 

They can also communicate through gestures, such as pointing, hand gestures, etc.
Florida and California are major producers of orange's. 

Brazil is a major exporter of orange juice.

Florida is also a major producer of grapefruits, which are used in juice.
Your body produces a hormone called melatonin. Melatonin is a hormone that makes you feel sleepy. When you wake up in the middle of the night, your body releases melatonin, which causes you to feel groggy and groggy.
A page frame is the smallest fixed-length contiguous block of physical memory into which memory pages are mapped by the operating system. 

A page table is the longest fixed length block of virtual memory.

The page table keeps track of where the virtual pages are stored in the physical memory.
Neosporin and other anti-bacterial ointments work by inhibiting the production of acetylcholine, which is the chemical that causes the stinging sensation.

Hydrogen peroxide, on the other hand, is an antiseptic, which means that it kills the bacteria in the wound. 

It's not true that if a wound stings after cleaning that means that the hydrogen peroxide is "working".

If it stings, it's because the wound has been exposed to too much of the chemical.
If you have a driver's license, it's not required.

If you don't have a license, you're not allowed to buy alcohol at the grocery store.
It's because the sound waves travel at different frequencies. 

When you're listening to a radio station on AM, you're hearing the waves coming from the other side of the world.  If you listen to a station on FM, the waves are coming from a different part of the earth, and they're traveling at a different frequency, so they're travelling at different speeds.

If you are listening to an AM station on the ground, you can hear the waves traveling at the same speed as the radio waves, but if you're on the air, they are traveling at different rates, so the
Your ceiling fan collects dust because it doesn't stop spinning. 

Dust is a byproduct of evaporation of sweat.  When you sweat, water evaporates off of your skin, and the air around you is cooled down.  The air above your head is warmer than the air below it, so the air above you is warmer.  This is why you get dust on your skin when you sweat.
Fusion is the fusion of hydrogen and helium atoms. 

Fusion occurs when two nuclei collide and collide, causing them to fuse.  This creates a plasma, which is hot enough to generate heat.  When the plasma reaches a certain temperature, it becomes hot enough that it can be turned into electricity.

The problem is that fusion is a very slow process.  It takes a very long time for the plasma to reach a point where it can generate enough energy to power a generator.  The amount of time it takes for the fusion to reach that point is very small.  If you
Your ears have a lot of capillaries in them. When it's cold, they constrict, causing blood to flow out of them. This causes them to turn red.
It would be like a bank run. 

Banks don't have enough money to keep up with the amount of money they take in, so they would have to take out loans from other banks to keep the money in their accounts.

If everyone in the world were to withdraw all their money from their bank accounts simultaneously, they would be unable to pay their bills, and they would need to borrow money from the government to pay the bills they owe, and the government would not be able to pay them back.
It's a myth. 

The potato is not native to Latvia.  It was introduced to the country in the 17th century by the Spanish, who brought it from Spain.
Electrolytes are electrolytes. 

They are chemicals that are dissolved in water, and when they are dissolved, they form an electric charge that can be used to conduct electricity.
Watermelon and cantaloupe are two different species of the same plant. 

Watermelons are in the family Apiaceae.

Cantaloupes are part of the family Lecythaceae, which is the family that includes apples, cherries, and pears.  They are not the same species, but they are related to each other.  The reason they taste different is because they are different in size, shape, color, texture, and texture.  When you eat watermelon, you are eating a different type of fruit.  You are also eating the same
A primary source is a person with direct knowledge of a situation. It is a diary, diary, manuscript, autobiography, recording, or any other source that was created at the time under study. It serves as an original source of information or new ideas about the topic.

A secondary source is something that is written down by someone who knows something about the subject. They write down what they know about it, or they write it down in a book or a journal. They are not original sources, but they serve as a reference point.
The judge allowed the judge to unseal the documents because they are public records. 

The judge was allowed to do so because the deposition was a deposition of Cosby.  The deposition was part of a civil lawsuit against him.  He was required to give a deposition to a woman named Andrea Constand, who was suing him for drugging and molesting her.  Cosby's lawyers wanted to keep the deposition sealed so that they could not cross-examine Constand.  They also wanted to prevent other accusers from being able to testify.
Your body has a circadian rhythm. It's the time of day when you're most tired and when your brain is at its most alert. When you go to bed, your body goes into a sleep cycle.
I think it has to do with the fact that the drummers are playing in unison with each other. 

When you have a large group of drummers, they are all playing at the same time.  They are not playing the same beat.  If they were, they would not be able to keep a consistent rhythm.

If they are playing at different times, it would be hard for them to keep the same rhythm.
Hydraulic fluid is based on mineral oil or water.

Hydrostatic pressure is the same as air pressure.  When you pump water out of a pipe, the pressure in the pipe is equal to the pressure inside the pipe.  This means that if you pump a ton of water into the pipe, it will push the pipe out of the way, and the pipe will be able to hold up the weight of the water.
It's called photic sneezing. It's caused by a defect in the trigeminal nerve. The nerve that causes the sneeze is in your eye, but it's also in your nose, so it's not the same nerve as the one that causes you to feel it.
It's just a coincidence. 

_URL_0_
The pinky finger is the most dexterous part of your hand. It's the one you use to hold things in your hand, and it's also the one with the most dexterity. 

It's not that it's useless, it's just that it takes a lot of effort to use it.
I think it's due to increased information availability. 

There is a lot more information available now than there was in the past, and it's not just because of the internet.

In the past there was a lot less information available, but there was also a lot of information available to the government.  Now there is a huge amount of information, and the government is trying to use it to their advantage.  It's not that they don't have the information, it's just that they're trying to get it out of the way faster.  The government is using it as a tool to
Plants are attracted to moist soil.  They need moisture to grow.  Concrete and asphalt have a lot of water in it, so they need to be moist enough to grow through.

Plants can't grow through concrete because they need water to grow, but they can grow through asphalt and other hard surfaces because they're attracted to the moisture.
The nun was convicted of trespassing, which is a federal crime. The guy who beat up the Giants fan was found guilty of a state crime.
There was a proposal to create an international day for fathers to be recognized on the third Sunday in June, but it was defeated by Congress. 

There is also a day for mothers to be celebrated on the second Sunday in May, but that is not recognized by the government.
Tanned skin protects against the harmful UV rays of the sun. 

Pale skin is more prone to sunburns and sun damage, so it's generally considered more attractive than tanned skin.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm going to assume it has something to do with spamming. 

If you go to a site like ESPN and search for the word of mouth, you'll see a lot of links to other sites.  These links are used to get you to the top of the page.  If you don't see those links, it's because they're spam.
They don't have no battery left.  They use a capacitor circuit to maintain volatile memory when the user changes the battery.
They don't learn to walk again. They learn to use their legs. 

They learn to control their legs by using the muscles in their legs to push against their spinal cord.
I think it's a cultural thing. 

In India, there are a lot of people who live on the streets, and they are used to the constant honking, so they don't mind it.

It's also a way to signal pedestrians to move out of the way.
It depends on what you mean by "live off the government".

If you mean "live in the system", then you're not living off the system, you're living off of the government.

In the US, you can live off of Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, food stamps, unemployment insurance, etc. 

You're not "living off" the government, but you're "using" the system.
Duck is an old English word that means "to duck". It's derived from the Old English word "duck" which means "water".

"Duck" comes from Old English "duck" meaning "water" or "waterhen," which is a Germanic word for "water."

Duck also means "coot" in Old English, which is related to the word "coots" in German.
They know where to take the fossil because they know where it is. 

Fossils are covered in a thin layer of sediment that is very hard to remove.  
 
They are also covered in tiny bits of dirt that can easily be removed with a chisel.
When you're asleep, your brain goes into a deep sleep state called REM (Rapid Eye Movement). This is a stage of sleep during which your brain is most active. 

When you dream, your conscious mind is locked in a state of unconsciousness, and your subconscious mind is able to access the parts of your brain that control your senses.

During a lucid dream, the conscious part of your mind is allowed to access these parts of the brain, but the subconscious part is still locked in, and you can only control limited aspects of the dream at a time. 


This means that
When you drink alcohol, your brain sends signals to your inner ear telling it that you are moving. Your inner ear interprets these signals as nausea.

When you vomit, your body is trying to compensate for the fact that it is spinning.
It's not that it has to go so fast to leave Earth, it's that it needs to be in an orbit that is stable. 

If you want to go to the moon, you need to get into a stable orbit.  If you don't, you will fall out of orbit, and you will have to re-enter the earth's gravity well before you reach the moon.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it's because baseball is a very physical sport. There is a lot of physical work involved in playing baseball. It's a lot more physical than other sports. 

There's also a ton of travel involved in baseball, and it's a very long season. There's no time off between games, so it's not uncommon for players to use performance enhancing drugs.
The magnetic poles are created by convection currents in the Earth's outer core. 

Magnetism is caused by the movement of molten iron in the outer core, which is constantly moving.

The Earth's magnetic field is created by lightning strikes.
They were sealed in glass.  

The original documents were written on parchment, which is made of wood.  The parchment is very brittle, so it can break down easily.

Glass was used to seal the documents.  It was also used to keep them from being damaged by moisture.
It is legal to buy old vinyl from record stores and thrift shops. 

It is illegal to buy it online.
The Open Internet Preservation Act (OIPA) is a law passed by Congress in 1996 that prohibits the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) from interfering with the content delivery of the Internet.

Basically, it says that the Internet should be an open internet, where everyone can use the internet to access whatever content they want. 

Net neutrality is the idea that the internet should not be a resource that is dominated by one particular group, specifically those with more money to spend on bandwidth.  It's not the same thing as equal access to all the content, it's the opposite.  If you want
It's a lot more complicated than that. 

When you swipe a credit card, it's not the machine saying "accepted" or "declined".  It's the processor.  The processor is the company that handles the processing of the transaction.  They are the ones that decide if the card is approved or declined.  If it's approved, the processor says "yes" and if it's declined, it says "no".

If it's rejected, they say "we don't accept it" and the processor tells the bank that they have to pay a fee to the bank
The phrase "one nation, under God" was added to the Pledge of Allegiance to distinguish the United States from the state atheism promoted by Marxist-Leninist countries, which led to support for the words "under God" to be added.
Nipples are sensitive because they have a network of nerve endings that are densely packed around the areolar region. 

When you are a baby, you have a bunch of nerves in your nipples that are constantly being stimulated by your mother's milk.  When you become a man, you don't have the same amount of nerves, so your nipples are more sensitive.

The reason for this is because when you are lactating, your body is producing hormones called oxytocin and progesterone.  These hormones stimulate the nerves in the areola, which is the part of the nipple that is sensitive
They don't. 

Theaters don't have to pay for the production of a movie.  They have to buy the rights to distribute it.

They also have to purchase the equipment to make the film.  A theater can purchase a film projector for as little as $10,000 (though projectors intended for commercial cinemas cost two to three times that).

And then there's the cost of the special effects.  The special effects are a huge expense.  There are special effects companies that make special effects for movies, and they charge a lot of money for them.
A lockout is when a group of workers are locked out of their jobs because they don't want to work for the company. 

A tagout is when the company is trying to enforce specific terms of employment on the workers, such as higher wages, better benefits, or maintaining benefits, but the workers aren't willing to agree to them.
It's not so much that we need to find a mate to pass on our genes as it is that we want to pass our genes on to our children. 

If you're asking someone out, it's because you want them to be able to reproduce with you, and pass on your genes to your children.
When you flex a muscle, you are increasing the amount of force being applied to the muscle.  This increases the size of the muscle, but it doesn't change the strength of the muscles.

When you push on a muscle with your hand, you're increasing the force applied to it, but you're not increasing the size.  You're increasing its strength, but not increasing its size.
Taxation is theft. 

It's not a philosophical argument.  It's a practical one.

If you're talking about property rights, property rights are determined by the law of the state.  Property rights are defined by a set of laws and conventions, and the state is not allowed to infringe on them.  So, if the government wants to take your property, it has to enforce the laws that say it is illegal to do so.  This is a violation of property rights.
I think it has to do with the way the music industry is structured. 

Rapper and electronic music producer (even no-so-successful one) seems to easily start his own label while rock and jazz musician seems not.

In the case of rock, it's because it's a niche market.  If you want to be successful, you need to be able to sell your music to people who are willing to pay for it.  That's why you need a label.
I'm not sure what you mean by "mean" or "mode".

A mean is just a measure of how much a person has changed over time.

Mode is the measure of the change in the number of times the person has done something. 

For example, if you have a bunch of people in a room, and you want to know how many people are in the room at any given time, you can use mean and mode to figure out how many times they have done something in the last 10 minutes.
Laser weapons emit energy in the direction of the direction they are aimed at. 

A photon gun is a type of laser gun that emits energy in a direction in which it is aimed at a target.

The "phaser" in Star Trek is a raygun.  It is a weapon that emits a beam of laser light in a specific direction.  This can be used to stun or kill people.  
 
A phaser is a similar weapon, but it emits light in the opposite direction of what it is intended to do.  The photon gun in the original Star Trek
It's not that there are no male birth control options, it's just that there aren't many male options. 

There are a lot of female options, but they're not as easy to use, they're expensive, and they don't work as well as male options, so there's not much incentive to make them.
Yes, you will get full faster and have less of an appetite if you don't eat a whole lot. 

Your body produces a hormone called ghrelin, which is a hormone that makes you feel hungry and full.  When you eat a lot of food, your body releases it, and your brain interprets it as a signal that you're full.
The baby boomer generation was the first generation of Americans to have a lot of disposable income.  They were the ones who were able to buy things like cars, homes, computers, video games, etc.  

They were also the generation that had a lot more disposable income than the previous generations, so they were more likely to spend their money on things they didn't need.

This led to a huge increase in the number of people with credit cards.  Many of these people were not able to pay their bills, and so they had to borrow money to pay for things they needed.
The PS4 has a more powerful graphics card than the Xbox One.

The Xbox One has a smaller power brick, which means that it has less power to power the CPU and RAM. 

Also, the PS4 is much more powerful than the PS3, which is why it is smaller.
Your body doesn't use up its fat reserves before it gets hungry and dizzy. 

Your brain is dependent on glucose as the major source of energy.  When it's low in glucose, your brain can't function properly, so it needs to use up fat reserves to keep it going.
When you run a lean burn engine, you are increasing the amount of air in the combustion chamber, which causes it to burn more efficiently. 

When you are running a 4 stroke engine, the compression ratio of the cylinders is higher than the combustion ratio.  This means that there is less air available to expand the cylinder, which means that the piston grooves in the cylinder are closer together, and the cam is closer to the spark plug.  When you run lean burn, you're increasing the pressure in the cylinders, which increases the pressure and causes the cam to push more air out of the cylinder.
Your hands and feet have very thick cuticles that keep the water out of your skin. The rest of your body has very thin cuticles.

When you shower, the water gets into your cuticles and dries them out, which causes them to prune.
It's called the "self-discharge rate". 

Batteries are self-discharging.  When they are fully charged, they start to self-ignite.  This is when the electrons in the battery start to build up in the electrolyte, and the voltage starts to drop.

When the battery reaches 1% of its original capacity, it stops self-charging, but it's not dead yet.  It's just at the point where it's no longer generating enough energy to power the device.  
 
The problem is that when the battery is fully charged
Bosnia and Herzegovina is a small country in the middle of Europe. It is mostly populated by Bosniaks and Croats. 

In the early 1990s, the Bosnian Serbs were in power in the city of Sarajevo, which is the capital of the country.

Bosnian Muslims (Bosniaks) were the majority in the country, and the Serbs (Croats) were in the minority. In the early 90s, there was a civil war between Bosnian Muslims and Serbs, which led to the creation of the Republika Srpska, which was a semi-autonomous part of Bosnia and
We can create a species by breeding a lion with a tiger, but we can't breed a monkey with a lion. 

Lions and tigers are not the same species, and they are not related to each other.

Monkeys and lions are related to one another, but not to any other species.
When you hyperventilate, your lungs are full of carbon dioxide, which causes your heart rate to increase. When you breathe into a paper bag, the bag is filled with oxygen, which lowers the amount of CO in your blood, which reduces the rate of hyperventilation.
The planets in our solar system are ellipsoids due to the way they orbit the sun. 

The reason they appear to be spheres is because they have a very elliptical orbit around the sun, which causes them to appear spherical.
I think it has to do with the fact that African Americans have been in the US for a long time, and have been heavily influenced by the culture of the south for a very long time. 

In the early 1900s, there were a lot of black slaves in the south, and they brought with them a culture that was very different from what they were used to.  They were poor, poor, and had very little access to education, so they didn't have the same opportunities that white people had.

The South was a very poor place, and it was very hard for them to get
I'm not a lock picker, but I do know a few things about locks.

1. Locks are designed to be easy to get through. 

2. Most locks are made with a key that has a small hole in it that can only be accessed with the right key. 


3. Some locks have side wards which obstruct the key way, and "security pins" which block the other side of the key from being able to access the lock.  
4. There are some locks that do not have side wards, and some that do, but they are
Ebola is a very difficult disease to treat. 

You have to be able to keep your immune system in check, which means you have to have a strong immune system.

Nurses are trained to recognize the signs of infection, so they know what to look for and how to treat it.  They also have a lot of training in first aid, and they know how to recognize signs of illness.
A lot of it depends on the hardware you're using. 

Imagine you have a piece of hardware that has a chip in it called a "bootloader".  It's a program that connects to your computer's BIOS, which is the computer's operating system.  It connects to the hardware and tells it what it needs to do.

When you boot up your computer, it loads the bootloader.  The bootloader is the program that tells the computer to load all the files that are needed to run the OS.  If you're not familiar with OSX, it's similar to Windows
The Queen is the head of state. She is the Queen of the United Kingdom. 

The line of succession is based on primogeniture, which means that the heir to the throne is the person who is the eldest son of the previous monarch.  This means that if the Queen dies before her son, she will be the next in line.

If she dies, the next person in line is the Prince of Wales.  If he dies before his son, he becomes the next heir.  The next heir is the Duke of Edinburgh.  He is the heir of the House of Hanover