This was the Children, Young People and Education Committee. Item 2 this afternoon was our eleventh evidence session on the Children (Abolition of Defence of Reasonable Punishment) Bill. Iwan Jenkins, who is head of the complex casework unit, Crown Prosecution Service Cymru Wales, and Barry Hughes, who was Chief Crown Prosecutor for Wales, presented their views on the Bill. The meeting was mainly about the Bill's impact on the criminal justice system in Wales and its effect on the families of children who were assaulted by their parents, as well as the impact on children's access to the legal system. There was also a discussion about the impact of the Bill on the use of corporal punishment in domestic abuse cases, and whether it was appropriate to remove the defence of reasonable punishment from the bill.
According to Barry Hughes, there was no evidence to suggest that the current law was working satisfactorily, but there was evidence that opinions were changing. Therefore, the Crown Prosecution Service believed that it was necessary to make the law more clear and make it easier for parents to understand what constitutes a reasonable punishment. In addition, Iwan Jenkins believed that there was a need to make it clear that the defence of self-defence was not a defence for causing actual bodily harm, and that the bill would remove grey areas.
Barry Hughes thought that the legal framework was clear in terms of the range of offences created by the criminal law, going back to the Offences Against the Person Act 1861 in the middle of the century before last, which provide for offences of assault against a variety of people, including Acts such as the Children and Young Persons Act 1933, which provides for offences that are specific to children. In respect of children in particular, section 58 of the Children Act 2004, which does make it a defence for a person accused of assaulting a child to argue that it was a case where they were acting only so as to impose reasonable punishment upon the child. That is a defence that is available for assault upon a child. By way of contrast, it is not available for an offence involving an adult. But the more general criminal legislation, such as The Offences against the Persons Act, does provide specifically for adults and children alike not to be subject to physical assault.
According to Barry Hughes, the two-stage test during prosecutions was whether the Crown Prosecution Service believed that the law was working well enough. The first stage was to establish whether there was a reasonable basis to believe that the defence was reasonable in the circumstances. The second stage was whether there had been a significant increase in the number of children being assaulted by their parents, and if so, whether the law had been applied fairly.
According to Barry Hughes, there was a divergence between the law in England and Wales and the legislation in Scotland and Northern Ireland. In England, the defence of reasonable punishment was removed from the offence of causing actual bodily harm causing grievous bodily harm to a child, whereas in Wales, it was retained in section 58 of the Children Act 2004, which did make it a defence for a person accused of assaulting a child to argue that it was a case where they were acting only so as to impose reasonable punishment upon the child. By way of contrast, it is not available for an offence involving an adult. In that regard, it could be argued that children have fewer rights than adults.
Barry Hughes thought that the Bill would bring clarity to the law in England and Wales, and it would make it easier for the Crown Prosecution service to prosecute parents for causing actual harm to a child. However, it was not clear whether it would have the same effect in Wales or not. In any case, he thought it would be a matter for Wales to decide.
Barry Hughes thought that the draft guidance would make it much clearer that there were multiple shades of grey when it came to the actual harm caused by assaulting a child. It would also make it easier for professionals to distinguish between actual harm and causing grievous bodily harm. However, he did not think it would be helpful to get too much clarity into some grey areas at the early stage.
According to Barry Hughes, the Crown Prosecution Service believed that there was no evidence that out-of-court disposals were effective in reducing the number of children being referred to social services. However, according to Kwame Biney, there was evidence to suggest that it was not necessarily the best way to deal with the problem. In addition, Iwan Jenkins believed that the current system of disposals was not working well enough, and it was important to have a system in place to ensure that children were not disadvantaged when they went to social care.
The National Police Chiefs' Council helped in out-of-court disposals by providing advice to Crown Prosecution Service Cymru Wales and other agencies, including the Children and Young Persons Act 2003 and the National Crime Agency. In addition, the Council also provided support to local authorities and local authorities in the areas of child protection and child protection services to ensure that they were in a position to take appropriate action.
According to Barry Hughes, the Crown Prosecution Service had an infrastructure of out-of-court disposals in place to deal with the vast majority of child abuse and neglect cases. However, there was still room for improvement in terms of the number of disposals and the speed at which they were carried out.
According to Barry Hughes, there was no evidence to suggest that removing the defence of defense of reasonable punishment would have unintended consequences. However, Iwan Jenkins pointed out that there was a risk that the bill would introduce a whole new category of offence, which was not clear to the public. Therefore, it was important for the public to be aware of the potential unintended consequences of removing the defense of defense.
Barry Hughes thought it was a good idea to have a performance measure, but he was not sure about the exact number. He believed that it would depend on the scale of the problem and the type of intervention that was needed. However, he was confident that they would meet the targets, even though they would have to be realistic.
According to Karen Cornish, there was a shortage of registered intermediaries in the system and it was hard for people to get in and out of the system. There was a need for more people to be registered with the CPS to help people who were in a vulnerable position.
The whole meeting was about the prototype of the remote control. Industrial Designer and User Interface gave a presentation on the prototype, and Project Manager asked the team to evaluate it on the basis of the criteria given by Marketing. The team agreed that it was fancy, fancy and fancy-looking, but it should not be too fancy. Also, it should be spongy and the buttons should be plastic or rubber. Besides, the cost of production should be twenty-five Euro and the production cost should not exceed fifty Euro. Then, the team evaluated the device on the following criteria.
Marketing and Industrial Designer agreed that the most important criteria were ease of use and fancy look and feel. User Interface and Project Manager agreed that it should be spongy and the buttons should be plastic or rubber. Project Manager thought that the scroll bar could be used as a sort of shortcut and the voice recognition could be turned off.
The group agreed that the remote control was easy to use, but they did not think it was fancy or fancy-looking. User Interface thought the scroll bar could be used as a sort of shortcut. Industrial Designer thought the voice recognition function could be useful for people who were new to this device. Project Manager thought it was quite easy.
The group thought the remote control was competitive in the discussion of evaluation criteria. The User Interface thought it was easy to use and user-friendly. The Industrial Designer thought it had a fancy look and feel, but it was not fancy enough. The Project Manager thought it could be fancier if it was spongy and the buttons were made of plastic or rubber. The Marketing thought there were many ways of doing things on such a device. However, the User Interface and the Industrial Designer pointed out that there was a learning curve. So the group agreed that it was quite easy to learn.
The group discussed the production costs of the product. The cost of the solar cell was twenty-five Euro, which was very expensive because it was a very expensive way to make the device. The project manager thought that the cost of solar cells was very high because it's very expensive to store the energy in the cell phone, which is very expensive for the production cost. The group decided to use a combination of both solar cells and regular batteries for the time being. The case was rubber and the buttons were plastic or rubber. The remote control would be made of plastic and the colouring would be yellow or black.
Industrial Designer thought that the cost of the solar cell was very expensive, so they could cut down the production cost by using a combination of the two methods. User Interface thought the same thing as well. Project Manager thought it was a good idea to use the combination of solar cell and battery, as it would reduce the cost. The group agreed on this idea.
Industrial Designer proposed that the production cost of the remote control should be limited to twenty-five Euro for the cell phone, twenty-two Euro for solar cell, and fifty Euros for the two-channel remote control. This way, the cost of production would be very low and the profit would be high.
This was a functional design meeting to consider user needs, technical effects, and the working design of the remote control. In order to see what the functional requirements were to be found, a hundred people were tested in a usability laboratory through just their habits to know their habits were observed and questionnaires were given out. Marketing made a list of the buttons that should be focused on in order of importance. The most important buttons were those to do with channel selection. They were used about a hundred and sixty times per hour, and people like to zap a lot, so this is the order: Channel selection, teletext, volume, and power. The other ones are the settings, and they were used less than zero point eight to zero point five times perhour, and this means that I think we could have like a button for all the settings.
The group discussed the functional design on the remote control. The most important buttons were those for channel selection, teletext, volume, and power. The other ones were the settings and easy to lose buttons. Marketing suggested that they could have like a button for all the settings, and then, just one button for the audio on the television. Industrial Designer proposed to design a three-part setting cycle, so users could press it a couple times, hold down function and then press F-eight.
Marketing suggested that the finder button and call button should be the same size so that it would be easy to find. Industrial Designer suggested that they could make it smaller. User Interface proposed that the call button could be bigger so that people could find it easily. Project Manager agreed and suggested that it could be a push button.
Marketing suggested that the group members could design a speech recognition system for the remote control. However, Industrial Designer and User Interface disagreed with this idea because they thought that the speech recognition was not very user-friendly and it would be hard to train the system in the lab. Project Manager thought that it was a good idea to design a system for speech recognition, but Industrial Designer pointed out that the cost would be too high.
Marketing thought that the VCR/VHS/DVD capability button should be the only one on the remote control. Industrial Designer thought that it should be a combination of the VHS and DVD capability button. User Interface thought it should only be a VHS button. Project Manager thought it would be a good idea to have a separate button for the DVD and VCR function.
The meeting began with a brief introduction to the team and a brief discussion about the current state of the project. The team discussed the pros and cons of having two microphones in the meeting, the lapel and the wireless headset. The lapel was abandoned because it was not too hot, not too cold, and they were far enough away that they got more background noise. The wireless headset, however, was not so close that it got rid of all the interference. The meeting ended with a general discussion about how the team could make better use of the resources they had available and how they could improve the quality of the recordings.
The group discussed the pros and cons of having two microphones in the room at the same time. The pros argued that it was better to have one microphone in the middle and one in the back. The cons argued that the distance between the two mikes made it more difficult to distinguish speech from background noise. The group also discussed the cost of having a second microphone. The professor suggested that the cost could be reduced by using cheaper, wireless mikes.
PhD F informed the group that they had put in an order for twelve new machines to use as sort of a compute farm. PhD F was not sure how long it would take for those machines to run, but he was confident that they would not be too long. He thought that the team should make sure that they were not using too much computational resources.
The professor informed the group that the meeting was going well and that the team was making good progress. The professor also mentioned that they had a kick-off meeting for the summer, and plans for where they would go between now and then. The team was working on a new set of rules for the recording of meetings, and the professor wanted to know how the team would implement them. He also informed the team that they should be careful about the amount of time they spent on recording.
The team was working on spectral subtraction. The professor explained that they were trying to get a rough estimate of how much time it would take to do the subtraction using Blade. The team thought that it would not take very long. They were also trying to figure out how much noise they could remove from the results. They thought that they could get around the problem by subtracting the amount of light from the spectrum.
The professor informed the team that the person in Grenada was not the person they were looking for, but a relative of one of the team members. The relative had come in from India. The professor thought it was a good idea to let the team know about the relative because they had not seen him in a long time. The team thought it would be a good opportunity to get a feel for the person.
The professor thought that the Wiener filter was a good idea, but he was not sure if it was worth the cost. He thought that it would be better to have a separate filter for speech and for non-speech. He also thought that there was a risk that people would misidentify speech as speech when it was not actually speech.
The group discussed the progress of recording, transcription, and corpus building. The topic of the meta-theoretical goal of the project was discussed, as well as the motivation behind the project. The group also discussed how to organize the data and ensure that it is not lost in the shuffle. The meeting ended with a discussion about how to deal with bleeps in the transcriptions and how to ensure that they are not lost.
The equipment used in the transcribers is a combination of state-of-the-art digital audio equipment and standard industrial equipment. The team is concerned that the latter may be compromised by the former. The professor suggested that the team check the equipment to ensure that it does not interfere with the recording process.
The team wanted to make sure that the recording conventions were followed when transcribers were around. They wanted to ensure that the team did not accidentally cut out too much of the meeting. The team also wanted to be cognizant of the amount of time spent in the middle of a meeting, as well as the length of time that people were in the room.
Transcribers are working on transcribers for meetings that have not yet been transcribered. The current state of the project is that there is a lot of work to be done to complete the corpus. The team is trying to figure out how to get people to edit bleeps, parts of the meeting that they don't want to include.
Transcribers would need to be able to transcribe at least two hours of audio for each meeting, and transcribers could transcribe up to ten minutes at a time. The transcriber would also need to know the length of the meeting and the order in which it was being recorded.
The whole meeting was focused on the belief-net, the general influence structure, and the computer model. The meeting started with a brief introduction to the model and then moved on to a more detailed discussion about how the model works. The team discussed how to best fit the user-centred model to the real-world situation. The professor suggested that the model should be able to handle a wide range of scenarios, but the model was still not robust enough to handle complex scenarios. The group also discussed how they could make the model more robust. Finally, the meeting ended with a discussion about the implementation of the model.
The professor suggested that the user and situation models should be weighted by the amount of time spent on the task. The professor also suggested that it would be helpful to get a sense of the user's preference for a certain object. The team agreed that the value of the object should be subtracted from the user's preference for it.
The group members agreed that the user budget should be limited to the amount of information that is relevant to the user and situation. The professor thought that the budget should not exceed $10,000. The group agreed that it should be less than $20,000 for the situation model and more than $25 for the user model. They also agreed that a budget of $25,000 would be sufficient for both.
The Go-there decision was one of the basic tasks in the model. The team discussed whether to have Go- there in the first place or not be binary. The professor thought that binary was more appropriate because it would be more easy to figure out when the user was going to go there from the utterance of the word. However, the professor did not think it was appropriate to have the user specify when they were going there because the model might not be able to figure it out. The user would need to come up with their own belief nodes.
Grad E thought that the decision about whether to go there in the first place or not was definitely one of the basic ones. The reason it might not be true or false is that they did not have this idea of when so it's, you know, current @ and so forth and so on or not at all, Grad E said. And so that a decision would be do we want that so you could have all those values for Go-there or Go-There be binary and given that you're going there when.
The team discussed the probability of the user choosing whether to go to the castle or not in the first place. They came to the conclusion that the probabilities were too high for the task, so they would have to lower the number of nodes. The professor suggested that they could start with the path nodes and work their way up to the decision nodes. They also discussed how they could get a more accurate estimate of the probability.
Grad D thought that it would be better to have a mixture of experts in the team because they were more familiar with different kinds of problems. Grad D also suggested that they could start with the path ones and move on to the more complex ones as they got further along in the process.
The whole meeting was about the functional design of the new remote control. Project Manager started the meeting by introducing the new product requirements, the decision on the remote control functions, and the closing of the meeting. Industrial Designer, User Interface Designer and Industrial Design each gave a presentation on the technical function design for user interface for their remote control, Industrial Designer mainly focused on user interface design. User Interface designer presented on the user requirements and suggested to design a simple, elegant and easy-to-use remote control with sophisticated functions and international standards. Marketing then presented the market research results and suggested that the remote should be able to control all kinds of devices, such as TV, video recorder, DVD player, etc. In the end, the group reached a consensus on the design of a simple and user-friendly interface.
The group members agreed that the remote control should be simple, elegant and easy to use. It should be compatible with all kinds of devices such as mobile phones and computers. The group members also agreed that it should not be too big or too small. In addition, it should be only for TV and not for other devices.
When discussing the product requirement, the user interface designer and the industrial designer recommended to design an elegant, easy-to-use interface for the remote control. The reason for this was that it would take less time for the user to learn how to use it and it would be easier for the users to sign up for the international standards. The industrial designer also suggested to have some international standards like the escape button or the power off button so that the user could see if it was working.
The Internet connection was suggested by the User Interface Designer. However, the Project Manager pointed out that it was not necessary for the remote control to be able to connect to the Internet. The Industrial Designer thought that it would be better if the Internet connection could be provided on the TV screen. The Project Manager also suggested that they could design a remote control that could connect to a computer via a cable.
Industrial Designer proposed to design an elegant, elegant and easy to use interface for the remote control based on the international standards. The remote control should not be too big or too small, and it should be easy to find and use. For example, the power button should be the same as the escape button on the computer, so that it could be used to switch on and off the TV, and the volume and the brightness of the TV was the same.
The industrial designer proposed to have a wireless remote control, but the project manager disagreed with him because it would take more time for users to learn how to use it. For example, the industrial designer thought that the remote control should have some international standards where users can sign off or escape from the TV. The project manager pointed out that it would not be easy for the user to learn to use.
The user interface designer recommended to make the remote control with fewer buttons so that it would be easier for users to learn how to use it. For example, the power button should be off and the volume button could be put in the middle of the screen so that users would not have to look for it. The remote control should also have a menu button so that the user could choose from different channels.
Marketing suggested that the remote control should be easy to find and easy to use. The user interface should be simple, elegant and user-friendly. There should be some international standards, where users can use one symbol or other symbol to indicate the other buttons. For example, the power button should have the same symbol as the escape button so that users could use it to turn off the TV.
The user interface designer and the industrial designer thought that the remote control should not be too big or too small. The industrial designer proposed to have the product in the shape of a banana and the user interface should be simple and elegant. The User Interface Designer also suggested to have some international standards in the product appearance. The Project Manager agreed with the Industrial Designer and User Interface designer.
The project manager thought that the remote control should be simple, elegant and attractive. It should not be too big or too small, and it should be in good shape. The project manager also suggested that the product should have some international standards, such as the same symbol on the front and the same color on the back.
This was the 20th meeting of the Special Committee on the COVID-19 Pandemic. The meeting began with the presentation of petitions. The petitioners asked for more action to be taken as the population of southern resident killer whales continues to decline, more action for boat-free safety zones, more prohibitions around whale tourism to make sure that the whales are safe from those who are keen to watch them from too close a distance, and more of a credible enforcement regime to support these measures to keep the Southern Resident killer whale population in our waters and not on the list of species that have become extinct. Then, the meeting moved on to ministerial announcements. The Minister of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness announced that the government had started implementing the national action plan for the implementation of United Nations Security Council resolutions on women, peace and security. The next step was the tabling of documents. The Chair: On tabling documents, we have Minister Sajjan presenting the 2018-19 progress report on Canada's National Action Plan for the Implementation of UN Security Council Resolutions on Women, Peace and Security and the 2019 annual report on the RCMPs use of the law enforcement justification provisions.
Hon. Catherine McKenna (Minister of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness) introduced that the government was committed to taking all necessary measures to protect Canadians from the COVID-19 pandemic, including the implementation of the national action plan for the implementation and implementation of United Nations Security Council resolutions on women, peace and security. In addition, the government would continue to work closely with the provinces and territories to ensure that everyone in Canada was safe during the pandemic. The members expressed their support for the efforts of the government to tackle the crisis.
The Prime Minister and Government were accused of failing to protect the health and safety of Canadians during the COVID-19 pandemic. The opposition party alleged that the government had not done enough to ensure the safety and security of the public during the pandemic, and that they had failed to provide adequate funding for the emergency medical services and other essential services, and they had not provided enough support to the families and communities in need.
Hon. Carla Qualtia D'Aboisbeault (Saskatoon, BC-Labrador, Lib.) suggested that the government should pay more attention to the families who had lost their jobs due to the COVID-19 pandemic, especially the elderly, the disabled, and the people with disabilities. Hon. Catherine McKenna suggested that it was important for the government to ensure that no one was left out in the cold.
Hon. Carla Qualtrough, the Auditor General of Canada, said that the government had not done enough to protect the interests of the public during the COVID-19 pandemic. The government should pay more attention to the financial situation of the provinces and territories to ensure that the money spent on the pandemic response was actually used for the intended purposes.
The Minister of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness explained that the CERB had been asked to submit a report to the Minister on the progress of the implementation of the COVID-19 pandemic response plan. However, it was not clear whether the government was willing to accept the report. The opposition party suggested that the government should wait for the results of the coronavirus outbreak before making any further decisions. The Minister explained that they were continuing to work with the provinces and territories to ensure that the response plan was in place to protect the public.
According to the GBA+ analysis, there was no evidence to suggest that the outbreak of COVID-19 was caused by human error. The outbreak was caused mainly by a combination of factors, such as human error and natural disasters. The government was working with the provinces and territories to develop a national plan to deal with the outbreak, which would include a national emergency declaration, a national public health emergency plan, and a regional emergency plan.
The whole meeting was about the project of the new remote control. Project Manager introduced the project and the team members got acquainted with each other's specific roles in the project. Industrial Designer, User Interface and Marketing each gave a presentation on the project project. Then Project Manager asked the team to work on the design of the remote control and also to design the technical fun functions. The selling price of the product would be twenty-five Euros and the product costs not more than twelve Euros and fifty cents. The remote control should be original, trendy and user-friendly. Then the team discussed the user requirement specifications.
The group agreed that the remote control should be original, trendy and user-friendly. It should be able to control all kinds of devices, such as televisions, computers, video recorders, stereos and stereos. The group also agreed that it should be easy to use and easy to find.
Project Manager proposed that the product should be international when discussing the product features. Project Manager thought that people from all over the world would be interested in the new remote control. It should be original, trendy and user-friendly. Besides, the product would be priced at twenty-five Euros and fifty cents.
The group agreed that the product price should be twenty-five Euros and fifty cents, and the cost should be within twelve and a half to twelve-and-a-half Euros. Besides, the remote control should be technologically innovative and user-friendly, and it should be able to control all kinds of electronic devices, such as televisions and computers.
The group discussed the work division of the project. Industrial Designer was in charge of the Industrial Design, User Interface Designer was responsible for the User Interface Design and Marketing was incharge of the Marketing Expert. The group would work on the design and the design of the technical fun functions of the remote control and think of the user requirement specifications. So if they're the functional design, they had to do any individual work and also work with each other in the meetings talking to each other. The same for the conceptual design and also the detailed design.
The industrial designer thought that the job of user interface designer was to make the user interface easy to use. The Industrial Designer thought it was very difficult to implement the core functions of the remote control, but the User Interface Designer should have the responsibility to make sure that the functions were user-friendly and easy to learn.
The Industrial Designer and User Interface Designer thought that the difference between the industrial designer and user interface designer was that the Industrial Designer was more focused on the core functions of the product, whereas User Interface believed that it was the User Interface's job to make the user interface easy to use and easy to understand.
The meeting began with a brief introduction of the current research topic, the search for the middle layer. Then, the group discussed the features they had decided to add to the model. The features included the prosody, the discourse, the verb choice, and the context. The meeting ended with a short discussion about how the model could be extended to cover a larger area.
Grad B explained that the belief net was going to be in two parts. The first layer would be the belief-net-in-the-net and the second would be a collection of intermediate nodes. The belief net would be composed of different nodes, each with a different role in the net. The nodes would be connected to each other by a series of connections.
The team decided that the features they were going to add were the prosody, the discourse, the verb choice, and the location feature. The prosody feature was going to be the ability to choose from a list of things like "to go", "to visit", and "not to visit". The discourse feature would be a way for people to look up the location of a landmark in the city. The location feature would allow users to find out the exact location of the landmark.
There was a lot of discussion about the intentionality of the model. The team decided that the model should be able to detect whether the user intended to do something or not based on the context. The intentionality can be measured in terms of the number of nodes in the middle layer and the length of time between the nodes. The middle layer can be calculated by looking at the time between nodes.
The middle layer would be a collection of intermediate nodes. The nodes would be connected to each other by means of a network connection. The middle layer could be used as a hub for communicating with other nodes in the network, for example, by sending out a message through the network.
SmartKom was designed to solve the problem of finding intermediate nodes in the middle layer of the Bayes-net. The goal of the project was to find out what the intermediate nodes were, and how they interact with each other. It was also designed to help the users to distinguish between the real and the imagined nodes.
Hiring was discussed at the meeting. It was decided that the team would like to hire people with a background in computer science and a good working knowledge of programming languages. They would also like to find out if there was a need for more people in the field of tourism.
This was the kick off meeting for the new remote control project. Project Manager introduced the project aim and the team got acquainted with each other. Then, Project Manager asked the team to draw their favourite animals and sum up the characteristics of that animal. Next, the team discussed the functional design, conceptual design and detailed design of the remote control. After that, they discussed the tool training and discussed the project plan. Finally, the meeting ended with the team drawing their favourite animal.
User Interface drew a dolphin because he liked its tail. Marketing drew a horse because he thought it was easy to use. Industrial Designer drew a cat because it was hard to use a spare pen. Project Manager drew a dog because it could run around in the spare room and Project Manager thought it looked easy.
User Interface suggested that the call button could be incorporated into the remote control to make it more user-friendly. However, Project Manager was not keen on the idea because Project Manager thought it would be hard to integrate all the buttons into one remote control, which would make it difficult for users to find the button.
The group agreed that the remote control should not be too big or too small. The remote control could be made in different shapes and sizes. The group also agreed that it should be made of plastic and the buttons should be in different colours. The team also agreed to make it in the shape of a banana and in the colour of red.
Project Manager thought that the remote control should be priced at twenty-five Euros and fifty Euros for the basic function and fifty euros for the programming function. Project Manager also suggested that they could use the profit from the sales of the television sets to cover the cost of the remote.
Project Manager suggested having a clip on the remote control because Project Manager thought it would be convenient for people to change the channel if it got lost in the living room. Project Manager also suggested that the clip could be put on the back of the remote so that it would not get lost easily.
Project Manager informed the group that the remote control would be priced at 25 Euros and produced at a production cost of 12.5 Euros. The target revenue would be 50 million Euros and the profit aim would be 25 million Euros. In order to achieve this goal, the team would have to produce a remote control that was original, trendy, user-friendly and technologically innovative.
The meeting began with a brief introduction to the current state of the team's work. The team discussed the results from OGI and the results of their experiments on the English and the Italian data. The professor informed the team of the results obtained from the tandem approach, which showed that if the network is trained on the task data it works pretty well. Then, the team discussed how to train their neural networks on the broad data. They decided to train on the TI-Digits English and Italian data and also on broad English and Spanish data. Finally, the meeting ended with a short discussion on the future directions of the project.
The team was discussing the effect of training different neural nets on different languages. The professor informed the team that the results were mixed. The results in English and Italian were better than the results in French and Spanish. The team was surprised that the nets performed better in English than in Spanish, but the professor explained that the difference was due to the fact that the two languages were quite different.
PhD D explained that the multilingual model was mainly focused on four kind of features. The PLP, the PLP with JRASTA, the MSG, and the MFCC from the baseline Aurora were used for the test part on the English and the Italian data. The model was trained on the TI-Digits English and on the Italian and broad English data and also on the broad English and Spanish databases. The results were pretty similar from the tandem approach.
The professor thought that the team should pay more attention to the use of English in their models. He thought that it was not as important as other languages. The professor also suggested that they should look into how they could train their models in other languages, like French and Spanish.
The team was concerned about how to deal with the complexity of the model. The professor suggested that they could either train the model on a broad spectrum of data or train it on a task-specific subset of data. The team decided to train the network on the task data because they had observed that it worked pretty well.
IBM computers were used to train the neural nets. The professor informed the team that they were using IBM's Aurora as the backend for the task. The team was impressed with the performance of the Aurora. They would like to use the Aurora for the rest of their work.
The team thought that the delay was a good feature for the model. The delay was measured in milliseconds. The model performed better when it was not delayed. The team thought it was worth further investigation to see if the delay affected the performance of the model or if it was due to other factors.
The whole meeting was about the remote control concept. Project Manager started with the progress of Industrial Designer and User Interface's presentations on the previous meeting. Then Marketing gave a presentation on the market situation and market research findings. The market research found that the younger target group preferred fancy look and feel and spongy material. The group then discussed the design of the new remote control. They decided to use the same basic shape and colour as the current one, but to make it more user-friendly. Then the group discussed whether they should change the shape of the logo or not. They finally decided to keep it the way it was, but they could add some new elements.
The group made a decision on the remote control concept after a thorough discussion. The group agreed to keep the basic design of the current one, but to add a new one in the future. Also, they agreed to use the same material as the present one for the new remote control, and to make it spongy and light in colour.
User Interface suggested that the remote control should be made of plastic with a spongy feel. Industrial Designer suggested a combination of rubber and plastic. User Interface also suggested that it could be made in different colours and shapes. Project Manager agreed and suggested that they could make it in different shapes and colours. Then the group discussed whether they should make it with rubber or plastic material. The group decided on the latter.
The team decided to use rubber as the material for the remote control, since it was the lightest and the least expensive. It would be made of rubber and it could be made into different shapes and sizes. The remote control would be shaped like a banana and the buttons would be in the shape of fruits and vegetables.
Marketing pointed out that the young target group liked fruit and vegetables in their clothes, shoes and furniture, and that they wanted spongy material. The feel of the remote control was also important. Therefore, the team decided to design a single-curved design since it would be easier to find.
User Interface suggested that the remote control should be easy to use and easy to find. Industrial Designer suggested that there should be two buttons for volume up and volume down. User Interface also suggested that they could add a power button for the volume and a mute button. Project Manager agreed and suggested that it should be the same for volume and mute.
User Interface suggested that scroll-wheels could be used to control the volume of the TV, for example by turning the volume up and down, or by turning it on and off. Project Manager thought it would be a good idea, but Industrial Designer and User Interface disagreed on it. Industrial Designer thought that the buttons would be too small, while User Interface thought that they could be made bigger. The group agreed on the size of the wheels, but User Interface did not like the shape of scroll wheels, which was too big.
The team decided not to use LCD displays because it would not be easy for users to see what was on the screen and it would be hard for them to find the remote control in the dark room. Also, the LCD displays were not suitable for children because they would be unable to see the LCD display in dark rooms.
This was the Children, Young People and Education Committee's inquiry into the status of the Welsh baccalaureate qualification. Dafydd Evans, who is chair, ColegauCymru, and chief executive officer of Grŵp Llandrillo Menai, introduced the evidence of the panelists, including Nick Brazil, who was deputy principal of Gower College Swansea, representing the University of Wales, Cardiff and Vale College, and Dr Rachel Bowen, director of policy and development at Colegai. The other members were Ed Evans, the director and secretary of the Civil Engineering Contractors Association, and Lynne Neagle AM, the chair of the committee, and Siân Gwenllian AM, a member of Welsh Government select committee.
According to Dafydd Evans, no, employers did not think that employers had a clear understanding of what the Welsh baccalaureate meant or what it includes. And while there were lots of small engaged employers who have taken an interest and do understand, the vast majority were more focused on getting on with the day-to-day running of the business. Dr Rachel Bowen thought that that varies by size of employer as well. That, certainly, where there were larger employers, who've got people who were able to follow policy developments across the education spectrum, they may have more capacity to follow changes, get up to date with how Welsh education is evolving.
Ed Evans thought that employers were not clear about what the Welsh baccalaureate meant or what it was trying to achieve at present. He believed that the skills challenge certificate was a better title and was something that people understood a lot better than the Welsh AC. He also pointed out that there was a lot of pressure from employers to develop the skills of the staff in the industry.
According to Dafydd Evans, it was quite clear that employers did not have a clear understanding of what the Welsh baccalaureate meant or what it was trying to achieve at present. And while there were lots of small engaged employers who have taken an interest and do understand, the vast majority were more focused on getting on with the day-to-day running of the business. So, they decided to improve employers' understanding by focusing on the quality of the qualification and developing the skills that employers were looking for within the workforce.
According to Dafydd Evans, the Welsh baccalaureate had done a good job of preparing learners for employment. However, there was still a lot of work to do in terms of improving the quality of the qualification and developing the professional skills within the industry sectors. In addition, the qualification was not universally accepted by employers. Therefore, it was necessary to have a system in place to ensure that learners were prepared for the jobs they would be asked to take.
According to Kay Martin, the Welsh baccalaureate had done well in terms of preparing learners for employment. However, there was still a lot of work to be done to improve the quality of the qualification and to make it more accessible to employers. In addition, it was not clear to employers what the value was of the baccalureate and how it would be used in the future.
Dafydd Evans believed that employers did not have a clear understanding of what the Welsh baccalaureate meant or what it included. They were questioning the level of professional qualifications and skills within the professional sectors, and many of them did not believe that the qualification was necessary for entry into the professional sector. Nick Brazil agreed that employers were not sure about the value or what they were trying to achieve through the system at present. Dr Rachel Bowen thought the skills challenge certificate was a better title.
According to Dafydd Evans, no, employers did not think that employers had a clear understanding of what the Welsh baccalaureate meant or what it includes. And while there were lots of small engaged employers who have taken an interest and do understand, the vast majority were more focused on getting on with the day-to-day running of the business. Dr Rachel Bowen agreed that it was quite clear that employers were questioning the level of professional qualifications and the quality of skills within the professional sectors, and many of them believed that the Welsh is the skills that the professional sector was demanding.
To answer the specific question, no, he did not think that employers had a clear understanding of what the Welsh baccalaureate meant or what it includes. He pointed out that it was quite a challenge to understand what is the Welsh BA, what does it offer. And, certainly, when that's evolved over the past few years and there have been changes, it would have been quite difficult to keep up to date with those, I imagine. Nick Brazil thought that the employer boards were putting a lot of pressure on the universities to develop a more rigorous and rigorous qualification, but they were not putting much pressure at the end of the year.
According to Dafydd Evans, the situation in North Wales was quite different from the rest of Wales. In the south-east of England, employers were more willing to accept the Welsh baccalaureate as a professional qualification, but not so much in the north-west of England. In addition, there was a lack of awareness of the value of the qualification among employers in the North-east.
According to Dafydd Evans, there was a need for a specialist teacher-training qualification to deliver the Welsh baccalaureate at the moment. However, it was not clear whether it would be a teacher qualification or a qualification for the teaching profession. Dr Rachel Bowen suggested that the latter was more likely to be the case as it was a specialist qualification for teaching and learning English language skills within the educational context.
Dafydd Evans believed that the skills challenge certificate was a better title and was something that people understood a lot better than the Welsh baccalaureate at present. However, he also admitted that there was a need for a specialist teacher training qualification in order to meet the demand of employers.
Nick Brazil thought it would be a good idea to have a specialist teacher training qualification to train teachers in areas where there was a shortage of them. However, it was not clear to him whether they would be able to meet the demand of the employers or not. It was also not clear whether the qualification would be accredited by the Higher Education Qualifications Commission.
The Children, Young People and Education Committee was an evidence session to scrutinise the Welsh Government's progress in developing the new curriculum for Wales. The meeting started with Kirsty Williams AM, Minister for Education, introducing the main messages that people had received during the feedback period on the draft curriculum. There was broad support for the need for change, and lots of support for a purpose-led curriculum. Also, there was a great welcome of the emphasis on formative assessment and the importance of formative assessments. It was interesting to see the breakdown of the areas of learning and experience—which particular AoLEs were the most popular and were being looked at the most—with the creative and performing arts and the creativity and the expressive arts. There were 24 focus groups that were arranged for children and young people. In terms of some of the things that people were asking us to look again at, some of that is around some the language used. Can we clarify, can we simplify in some areas, are there things that were repeated in a variety of AoLES?
According to Kirsty Williams, the curriculum would cover the whole range of learning and experience, from literacy and numeracy to literacy and mathematics, from creative and performing arts to the expressive arts, from the arts to science and technology, from social studies to health and social care. It would also cover some of the areas that had been identified in the curriculum review, such as literacy, numeracy, literacy, and mathematics.
According to Kirsty Williams, the legislation would cover the whole range of learning and experience, from literacy and numeracy, to literacy and mathematics, to science and technology, to creative and performing arts and the expressive arts. It would also cover the Welsh language, and the Welsh Government would have the power to regulate the use of that language in the legislation.
According to Kirsty Williams, it was really important that the curriculum was about what matters to children and young people. What matters to them was the quality of learning and experience, the ability to think critically about what they were doing, and the ability of the profession to adapt it to meet the needs of the children that they were working with in their communities. It was also about the importance of formative assessment, which was the focus of the meeting.
According to Kirsty Williams, the government had put a lot of emphasis on the value of the different sectors in the new curriculum, and they would continue to do so. However, they would also continue to work with the industry to ensure that there was a level playing field for all sectors in terms of the curriculum.
According to Kirsty Williams, the WISERD research suggested that there was a distinction between primary schools and secondary schools. Primary schools tended to be more focused on GCSE and GCSE A-Levels, whereas secondary schools were focused more on the GCSEs. The reason for this difference was that secondary schools had a lot of different types of teaching and learning styles, and it was hard for children to learn from each other in a consistent way.
According to Kirsty Williams, the Welsh Government would like to look at the model of Scotland to see how they could adapt the curriculum to meet the needs of the children and young people in Wales. However, it would be hard to do that in a short period of time, as it would take a long time to implement the new curriculum. Therefore, they would need to have a long-term view on how they would do it. In terms of the formative assessment, Kirsty believed that it was really important to have an assessment system in place to ensure that the children were getting the right kind of assessment.
According to Kirsty Williams, the money for supporting teachers would help in the preparation of the implementation of the new curriculum, and it would also be used to pay for the professional development of teachers and support them to adapt the curriculum to meet the needs of children and young people in their communities.
According to Kirsty Williams, there was a concerted effort and a plan drawn up to try and ensure that there was as much engagement, knowledge and opportunity as possible. So, working through the regional consortia, approximately 120 separate events were organised, and they believe that in the region of 6,000 headteachers, teachers, governors and teaching assistants have actually had an opportunity to participate in those events. There were 24 focus groups that were arranged for children and young people. They also held some specific events to engage with the business community. And obviously they work very hard on making it as easy as possible via new technology for people to have their say. What was the money like in the professional development preparation?
According to Kirsty Williams, the innovation school would be a place where young people from all walks of life would be exposed to different kinds of learning and experience, and they would be able to develop a range of skills that would meet the needs of their employers. However, it would also be an opportunity for young people to have the opportunity to learn from other young people's experiences and develop a different set of skills.
According to Kirsty Williams, awareness and understanding of human rights embedded in the new curriculum was a really important part of the process, and it was really important that there was a human element in the curriculum. There was a need to make sure that it was clear that there would be no discrimination in any of the areas of learning and experience, and there would not be any discrimination in the provision of learning materials.
According to Kirsty Williams, the Welsh dimension should be included in the implementation of the new curriculum for Wales, and it should include the Welsh language and the Welsh culture and the culture of Wales. Also, it was suggested that there should be a Welsh element in the curriculum, and they should have a Welsh dimension in the teaching and learning experience, and a Welsh-language component.
According to Kirsty Williams, there was a single continuum of learning with regard to the Welsh language. There were four main areas of learning and experience, creative and performing arts, creativity, expressive arts, and the arts. There was also an emphasis on formative assessment and the importance of formative assessments. In terms of some of the things that people were asking us to look again at, some of that is around some the language used.
The whole meeting was about twenty-five minutes long. Firstly, Project Manager introduced the agenda of the meeting. Then, Industrial Designer, User Interface and Marketing gave a presentation about the remote control project. After that, the group had a discussion about the functional design, the conceptual design and the detailed design of the product. The group decided to make a remote control that was original, trendy, user-friendly and cost-effective. The remote control would be priced at 25 Euros and it would be produced in China.
The group talked about the conceptual design of the remote control, including the functions and some possible advanced techniques. The remote control should be user-friendly and easy to use. It should not be too complicated and it should be only for one person. The group agreed that they should not use too many buttons because it would be hard to find the exact size of each button and it would take too long to learn the buttons. Also, the group decided to use the LCD screen as the main screen for the user interface.
The Project Manager thought that the remote control should be original, trendy, user-friendly and easy to use. It should not be too complicated and it should be only for one hand. The remote control could be made in different shapes and sizes. The Project Manager also thought that it was not necessary to have a lot of buttons on it because there would be enough space in the room.
When discussing the possible advanced techniques on the remote control, the Marketing pointed out that the Industrial Design thought that it would be hard to use a remote control with speech recognition because it would take a long time to learn the new technology. The Industrial Design believed that it was hard to learn a new technology when there was no one else around to learn it.
Industrial Design suggested that the remote control should be made in the shape of a banana, so that it would be easy to find and easy to use. Also, it should not be too big or too small. The remote control could be made of plastic or metal, and it should be in different colours and shapes.
Industrial Designer suggested that the remote control should be made in the shape of a banana and the button layout should be simple. User Interface suggested that there should be two buttons for volume up and down and a power button for channel change. Project Manager agreed and suggested that they could design the shape into a banana shape. The group agreed on this idea.
User Interface suggested that they could design a special layout for the buttons on the remote control. For example, the power button could be to the left, volume button to the right, volume up and down, mute button, mute down button, power on and off button, volume down button and volume up button.
The overall discussion of the meeting was about the collection of more meeting data and how to incorporate it into future work. The team discussed whether to add digit recordings at the end of a meeting, which would cut down on the number of participants, but also increase the amount of time spent transcribers had to cover. The group also discussed how to make sure that the speakers are of the right type and that the meeting is of a high-level type. Finally, the team discussed how they could incorporate more of the participants' voices into the model, but not too much.
Future meeting recordings will include digit recordings at the end of the meeting, which will cut down on the number of participants who have to run off to another meeting and thus reduce the amount of time spent transcribers have to spend transcribing the participants' utterances. It was suggested that the team could also include a subset of participants' voices in the recording, which would allow for a more robust representation of speech.
The team is working on getting fluent English speakers from a subset of the participants. The goal is to have 100 fluent speakers by the end of the year. The team is trying to figure out what types of speakers are most likely to be able to speak English fluently. They are also trying to understand what kinds of features are most important to the speaker and what features are not.
The location of the recording equipment was discussed, and it was decided that it would be best to keep it in the room where the participants could see it. However, it was also suggested that the equipment could be moved to another room in the building, which would allow the team to move it around more easily.
The group discussed the feasibility of using portable equipment for transcribers. The professor suggested that they could use a portable microphone, but the cost would be prohibitive. The team also discussed the possibility of using a microphone in a speaker phone, but that would require a lot of space in the room. The group also discussed how they could incorporate the data from the telephones into their recordings.
Grad B informed the team that the disk space on which the meeting data would be stored on was limited by space on the hard disk. The team would have to figure out a way to store the data on a medium that could hold it. Grad B was concerned that the team would not have enough space to store all the data and that they might not be able to handle it.
There were two ways to get more space in the meeting room. One was to stop recording at the end of the meeting, which would cut down on the number of participants. The other was to start collecting data at the beginning of the next meeting, so that the participants would have more time to complete their own recordings.
The whole meeting was about the presentation of the new remote control project. Project Manager started the meeting with a review of the last meeting, and then Industrial Designer, User Interface, Marketing and Project Manager each gave a presentation on the previous meeting's points. After that, Project Manager asked the group to make a final decision about the product, and they agreed that it should be a universal remote control for all kinds of TVs, but it should not be too big or too small. Then the group had a discussion about how to make the remote control look and feel good.
User Interface first gave a presentation on User Interface's findings about the functional requirements of the remote control. User Interface suggested that the product should be user-friendly and easy to use, with fewer buttons and fewer buttons for kids and the elderly. The group agreed on this point. Then Marketing presented the results of the market research. The market research showed that users expected the product to be user friendly, but they also expected it to be technologically innovative. Therefore, the group decided to focus on the design of the product.
Marketing suggested giving up on speech recognition because there was not a lot of data to back it up. Marketing also pointed out that it was not easy to find out the exact number of people who would use the remote control with speech recognition on it. So Marketing thought that it would not be a good idea to use speech recognition.
Marketing suggested that the remote control should be easy to use, but User Interface didn't agree with this because he thought it would be hard to find all the buttons. Besides, User Interface pointed out that there was a lot of information on the Internet about the ease of use of remote control.
Industrial Designer first gave a presentation on the technical function design of the remote control. The team agreed that the product should be able to control all kinds of devices, including TVs, video players, stereos and stereos, and it should be easy to use. They also agreed that it should not be too complicated or too complicated. The group also agreed on the idea of having only the basic functions, like volume and power on/off, channel change and channel change menu.
The whole meeting was about the design of the remote control. First of all, Industrial Designer and User Interface gave a presentation on the basic elements of the product, including the look-and-feel model, the form, the case and the components. The material should be hard plastic, colour changeable, transparent, and also transparent. The functions were just basic, like mute function, on-off function, text functions, this switch channel and the scroll wheel. The microphone was for speech recognition, only one button to say it's on or off. The remote control would be a square with round corners and the buttons would be on the right side. It would be in the shape of a triangle and the logo would be printed on it. Then, Project Manager asked the group to give comments on the prototype. User Interface and Industrial Designer agreed that it was easy to use and user interface was good, but the buttons were too many. Project Manager suggested to design a slide-open and fold-open remote control, which was more user-friendly, but it was not feasible at that time. The group agreed to use the advanced chip for the speech recognition instead of speech recognition.
Marketing asked the team members to evaluate the remote control on the basis of the following criteria. The team agreed that it was easy to use, easy-to-find, user-friendly, good-looking, technologically innovative and innovative. However, the team failed to reach a consensus on whether it was the best remote control in the market because it was only a prototype.
Marketing suggested that the remote control should be user-friendly and easy to use. User Interface agreed and proposed that it should be easy to learn as well. The group agreed on this point and agreed on the ease of use and learnability of the design. However, User Interface and Industrial Designer pointed out that there should be a lot of buttons to choose from.
Marketing recommended to do a market survey to find out the trends in the market. The remote control would be evaluated on the basis of ease of use, ease of learning and ease of maintenance. In addition, the remote control should not be too complicated or too complicated for the users.
Project Manager suggested the use of the drawing board because it was cheap and easy to use. Industrial Designer and User Interface agreed and the group agreed to use it. Project Manager also suggested that they could design the remote control from the inside out. However, the cost of the project would be higher than the budget, so the group decided to use a drawing board for the prototype presentation instead.
User Interface pointed out that the biggest problem was that they didn't have enough time to design the inside as well. Also, the remote control was only designed for one function, only one button to say it's on or off, so it would be difficult to make it easy to use. Besides, it was not clear whether they should use the advanced chip or not.
The whole meeting was about the design of the remote control. Industrial Designer, User Interface and Marketing gave a presentation on the exterior of the prototype. The prototype had a plastic body with a standard colour, either a white or a light blue or something else. The rubberised outer casing and LCD screen would be inset into the top and the black and white touch screen. The case material was soft, rubbery, changeable and changeable with buttons with a combination of LCD and rubber according to the design. The buttons would be bright funky designs inspired by fruit, keeping with the hip kind of feel and to try and incorporate voice recognition software into the design until they can find out more about the cost of things like that. Also, the rubber buttons that they would use would be anti-RSI and anti-vibration. On the inside, the kinetic batteries would be attached to the flip-open and shut sections and the buttons could be open and shut as well.
Marketing suggested that the group should conduct a simulation market evaluation of the new remote control. The group agreed to do so, and they would give one to seven points to each feature of the remote control according to the market research results. They would also give one point to the design, two to the function, three to the look and feel, four to the price, and five to the innovation.
Marketing thought that the incorporation of current fashion trends in the prototype was a good idea because the remote control would appeal to a wide range of customers. However, he also pointed out that it would be difficult for the customers to choose from a wide variety of colours and patterns.
When making the market evaluation of the new remote control, the team had to make sure that the remote control would not cause repetitive strain injury if users were to hold it for long periods of time. The remote control was designed in such a way that it would be easy for users to learn to use it without too much effort. The team also had to ensure that the buttons were not too big or too small.
The team decided to use a kinetic charger and a standard chip. The case material would be soft, rubbery and changeable. The LCD screen would be inset into the top and the buttons at the bottom would be flip-open and shut. The rubber buttons would be anti-RSI. The team would incorporate voice recognition software into the design until they could find out more about the cost of it.
User Interface thought that the replacement of the kinetic batteries was a good idea because it would save the cost of the batteries. However, User Interface also pointed out that it would be a waste of money since they would have to replace the batteries every two to three months.
The team decided to incorporate voice recognition software into the design until they could find out more about the cost of things like that. The team also decided to use a kinetic charger instead of the standard chip because it can come in various sizes and they wanted a stand-by function.
This was an evidence session for the Children, Young People and Education Committee's inquiry on education otherwise than at school, and the panel of witnesses included Sharon Davies, head of learning, Torfaen County Borough Council and representing the Association of Directors of Education in Wales; Nick Williams, director of education, Swansea City and County Council, and representing The Association of Director of Education In Wales; and David Hopkins, interim head of education at the Welsh Local Government Association. The meeting was mainly about the increase in the number of pupils being excluded from school and the reasons for it. First, Lynne Neagle AM started by asking about the reasons behind the rise in exclusions. Nick Williams answered that there were two main reasons. Firstly, there were more examples of very challenging behaviour. Secondly, there was a prevalence of ASD—autism spectrum disorder and trying to get the learners the right provision was sometimes a challenge. In terms of school accountability measures, do you think that they have had an impact on the rise?
According to Sharon Davies, the local authorities were facing a funding problem, as they had not received enough money from the government. However, they had been able to secure additional funding from the Welsh Government through the Local Government Funding Council for England and Wales, which was a positive sign for the future. Meanwhile, Nick Williams believed that the system was working well, but there was still room for improvement. David Hopkins believed that there was a need for more investment in the system, especially in the pupil referral units.
David Hopkins thought that the new Act was a welcome step forward. He believed that it was a step in the right direction, but it was still a long way off from where they were two years ago. However, he was confident that they would be able to make good use of it.
According to David Hopkins, there were two main reasons for the increase in the number of exclusions from school. Firstly, there was a shift in the culture that the schools were seeing a change in bringing learners on board within the system. Secondly, it was the prevalence of ASD, and trying to get the learners the right provision was sometimes a challenge.
According to Sharon Davies, the local authorities were working with the PRU to ensure a smooth transition for the learners. However, there was still a bit of delay in bringing everybody up to the same, consistent level. David Hopkins added that they were still trying to work out the details of the transition arrangements, but they were confident that it would be smooth.
According to Sharon Davies, the biggest challenge was the transition of the excluded students from the school system to the local authority system. It was a challenge for local authorities to make sure that they had the right systems in place to support and reintegration the learners, and they needed to ensure that they were getting the right support and the right services.
The solution to the major challenge for the transition of the excluded students was to have a system in place to support them to reintegrate into the school system. However, there was still a need for more specialist provision to meet the needs of the learners. Therefore, it was necessary to develop a more integrated approach to the whole process.
According to Sharon Davies, the local authoritative frameworks were working well, but there was still room for improvement. In terms of school accountability measures, they have had an impact on the rise in exclusions. However, there was a little bit of lag in the system, trying to bring everybody up to the same, consistent level. David Hopkins added that they were seeing a shift in the culture that schools were within the system and the whole culture of the school.
According to Sharon Davies, local authorities had a role to play in the quality assurance of individual intuition, which was to ensure that learners were getting the support they needed to make the right decisions in the classroom. However, it was also important for schools to be able to make sure that they were meeting the needs of learners and that they had the right support in place.
The panelists agreed that it was important for children to have an intuition about what they were doing in a private setting. However, it was also important for them to make sure that they were not putting themselves in a position where they were putting their children in a situation where they had to make a decision about whether or not they wanted to go to a specialist school or not.
According to Sharon Davies, the main reasons for the rise in the number of exclusions from school were more examples of very challenging behaviour and the prevalence of ASD. However, the system was struggling a little bit to catch up to have enough capacity to do that, so that was placing pressure on schools and then, in turn, pressure on the pupil referral units, including the EOTAS, because, obviously, they just probably haven't got enough capacity at the moment in the system. David Hopkins, interim head of education at the Welsh Local Government Association, agreed with Sharon Davies that there was a shift in the culture within some local authorities, and they were seeing interim measures coming on board.
Training professional staff for special education was a major challenge for local authorities in Wales. It was not easy to recruit and train the right people, and it was hard to get the right support for the right learners. There was a shortage of support staff in the system, which was putting pressure on schools and the EOTAS.
According to Sharon Davies, there was a need for more specialist transport for EOTAS learners in rural areas. However, the local authorities were not able to provide it because they did not have enough staff to do so. Therefore, they had to rely on the pupil referral units. David Hopkins suggested that they should consider whether it was worth the extra cost to provide the transport for rural learners.
This was the second meeting of the Project Manager-led team. The top goal of this meeting was to reach a decision on the product, on the target group and the functions of the remote control, so keep that in mind. Project Manager firstly introduced some new project requirements. Firstly, the team should not support teletext in the remote, because Project Manager felt that teletext was out of date and internet was replacing teletext. Secondly, the corporate image should be recognisable in the product. Thirdly, the product should be interesting and and should be bought by people younger than forty, and for Roo, as well as important, the colour colours and the slogan should be in product.
User Interface suggested that the remote control should be user-friendly and easy to use. User Interface also suggested that it should be able to control different devices with one remote control. Project Manager agreed. Industrial Designer suggested that they should design a remote control that could control different kinds of devices, like DVD players, video recorders, stereos, etc.
Industrial Designer thought that the ten digits was a good number for the remote control because it was easy to remember and easy to find. However, Industrial Designer also pointed out that it was not necessary to have a ten digit number on the remote because there would be enough space in the remote.
User Interface thought that the remote control should be user-friendly and easy to use. It should not be too complicated to use, and it should be only for television. The remote control could be made in different shapes and sizes to fit different devices. User Interface also suggested that they could make it easy for users to learn to use it by just looking at the buttons.
Industrial Designer thought that the remote control should only be used for television because teletext was out of date and internet was replacing teletext. User Interface thought that it was not necessary to have a multi-function remote control. Project Manager agreed. Then the group discussed how to combine the functions of the different types of remote controls. The main function was to send messages to the television set, but Project Manager thought it was unnecessary.
The team came up with a solution to prevent customers from losing their remote controls in the discussion of technical issues of the project. First of all, the remote control could be put in a lock, so that customers would not be able to open it even if it was accidentally thrown out. Then, the team discussed how to send messages to the remote controls. One method was to send a message to the television set, but it was not feasible because of the time to market and the cost. The second method was a combination of the two, which was to put the remotes in a box and keep them in the room, but the problem was that it would be difficult to find them.
Industrial Designer suggested that the remote control could be powered by solar energy, but Project Manager pointed out that it was not feasible to use solar energy because of the cost. User Interface suggested that it could be a combination of both solar and conventional batteries. Project Manager agreed and suggested that they should choose the latter because it was cheaper and more convenient.
This was a detailed design meeting for the remote control. Industrial Designer and User Interface gave a prototype presentation of their design, which included the wheel that was used to change channels, the power button, the menu button, and the beeper. There was also a button that could be used to bring up the menu. The base of their remote control was interchangeable and could change the colour according to the user's taste to suit the living room or whatever. They also talked about the materials they'd use and what kind of chip would be necessary. Project Manager did a spreadsheet of production costs, which showed that the only one that was in there was the Excel spreadsheet, production costs. They decided on batteries and the regular chip for the more advanced iPod-like button. The locator was just a chip that was inside the remote.
This was the second meeting of the detailed design of the remote control. Industrial Designer and User Interface gave a prototype presentation of their design, which included the wheel that was used to change channels, the power button, the menu button, and the beeper. There was also a button for the more advanced iPod-like button. The base of their remote control would be interchangeable, so users could change the colour according to their living room or whatever. The material they would use would be plastic, rubber, and double-curved rubber. The contact area would be a special area around the contact area, which would make it glow in the dark. Also, a chip would be necessary for the special functions. The locator would be just a chip that was inside there.
User Interface suggested that the remote control could be made to look like a fruit. Industrial Designer and User Interface disagreed on this idea. User Interface thought that it would be better to stick to the traditional shape of rubber and plastic, and Industrial Designer thought that the fruit shape would be more trendy. Project Manager agreed and suggested that they could make the remote into a fruit-shaped one.
Project Manager informed the team about the process of the project. Industrial Designer and User Interface gave a prototype presentation of the remote control. The remote control would be hand-holdable, but the team would have to fit the battery case in there somehow. The chip would be a regular one and the more advanced iPod-like button would be necessary for the advanced iPod function. The team would change the colour according to their living room or to suit their home environment. They would also have the option of making the remote controls in different colours and shapes.
The group decided to change the aspect of the shape of the remote control from square to round. The reason for this was that they had come up with the idea of making it curved, but they were not sure if it was a good idea or not. Project Manager thought it would be better to keep it the way it was, but Industrial Designer thought it might be a little bit childish. So they decided to keep the shape the same.
Project Manager thought that the leadership in the process of the project was lacking. Industrial Designer and User Interface thought that Project Manager should be the leader and Industrial Designer should be in charge of the prototype presentation. Project Manager agreed with User Interface that Industrial Designer was the leader of the team and should be given more responsibility in the design process.
Project Manager thought that the remote control could be made in a variety of shapes and colours. The group agreed that it would be nice to have a flat and a curved one. Project Manager also suggested that they could make the remote controls in different colours and shapes to suit the customers' tastes.
The meeting began with a brief introduction of the team's proposal for the final revision of the thesis. The team was surprised to learn that the professor was not in the room, so they had to wait for him to come in. The meeting went well, with the team getting a feel for each other's voices and a sense of the flow of the meeting. The professor was impressed with the group's ability to communicate clearly and efficiently, and the team was able to make some progress on their proposal. The group also discussed the potential for the presentation of the paper to be given to the National Academy of Sciences in the spring.
The thesis proposal is about how to design anti-lock brakes for airplanes based on the results of a paper published in the Journal of Transportation Science. The paper was about how anti-locking brakes could be used to reduce the number of collisions between airplanes and other vehicles in a safe manner. The team is working on a paper on the feasibility of designing a system to detect and prevent collisions on the ground.
There was a lot of discussion about how to improve the presentation of the EML talk. It was suggested that the presentation could be done in two parts, one for the presentation and one for discussion. The presentation would be in English and the other in German. The German version would be for discussion purposes only, and the English version would only be for the discussion of the presentation.
The group discussed the topic of the talk and the neuron. The talk was about the neural basis of language and how it can be used as a tool for understanding speech. The neuron was used to encode the amount of information that people are talking at a given time. The team thought that it was a useful tool for learning more about the structure and function of speech.
The whole meeting was about the conceptual design of the remote control. The User Interface Designer first presented the three concepts of user interface. The first one was a Google controller, the second was a fancy controller and the last one was intelligent controller. The user interface designer said that the controller should be easy to use, but with sophisticated functions. The fancy controller would give the customers the impression that our controller was very attractive and they could easy recognise our controller among a lot of products. The last concept was intelligent because we wanted our controller to be smart. The team would have to have cooperation with some research institute on speech and gesture recognition technology.
User Interface Designer first presented the three concepts of user interface. The first one was Google controller, the second was fancy controller, and the last one was intelligent controller. User Interface Designer wanted the controller to be easy to use, but with sophisticated functions. The fancy controller was attractive and easy to recognise, so they could attract a lot of customers. The second concept was a fancy controller. They wanted to give the customers the impression that their controller was very attractive. The third concept was intelligent. They want to make the controller very smart.
The user interface designer proposed the concept of intelligent controller because most of the time people only used the remote control to zap between channels. It was convenient to use the voice interface and the interface than use the traditional remote control. The intelligent controller would be able to recognize the user's voice and use it to control the whole house. With this advanced features, he thought they could attract a lot of users.
Project Manager disapproved of the concept of intelligent controller because Project Manager believed that most people would use the remote control to zap between channels. Besides, Project Manager thought it would be very convenient to use the voice interface and interface than use the speech recognition. Project Manager also pointed out that speech recognition was limited in its vocabulary and was not reliable.
Industrial Designer first presented the three concepts of user interface of the remote control. The first one was Google controller, the second was fancy controller and the last one was intelligent controller. The fancy controller was designed to give the customers the impression that our controller was very attractive and they could easy recognise our controller among a lot of products. The second concept was intelligent. We want our controller to be smart. It's a combination of easy to use and sophisticated functions.
The group decided to use both the classical battery and solar energy alimentation when discussing the industrial design of the remote control. The project manager pointed out that the solar energy was cheaper and more convenient than the conventional one, and it was also more convenient for the customers. In addition, the group agreed that it would be a good idea to use solar energy because it was cheaper than the traditional one.
The group decided that the material of the remote control should be plastic because it was the lightest and it would not be hard to damage if it got damaged. Besides, the material should not be too hard because it would be easy to damage. The group also agreed to use rubber as the material for the case.
User Interface Designer thought that most of the time it was very convenient to use voice interface and gesture interface than use the remote control. For example, if you say channel three channel three, channel three two three four six five, I think they will be bored after a while. Project Manager agreed with User Interface Designer that speech recognition was very reliable but it was limited in its vocabulary. Marketing thought that voice recognition was just a good option but the problem was how to use it. So Project Manager suggested to have some cooperation with some research institute on speech recognition and gesture recognition.
The marketing recommended to design the remote control in a fashionable way so that customers could easily recognize it among a lot of products. The marketing also suggested that they should make it easy to use so that the customers would not have to look for it in the market.
The group decided that the remote control should be easy to use, but with sophisticated functions so that customers would not be bored after a while. They should give the customers the impression that their controller was very attractive so that they could easy recognise it among a lot of products. For the intelligent part, the group decided to use speech recognition technology and gesture recognition technology.
The whole meeting was about the conceptual model of the remote control. Project Manager started the meeting with the presentation of Marketing's research on the market trend and the results of the market research. The market research showed that young people were the target group for the new remote control, and they were willing to spend more money on something different from ordinary remote controls. The group decided to make a fancy look-and-feel remote control and to use some of the new technology to be technologically innovative. The remote control should be very basic, not too many buttons, light switches on if you use a button, and text TV still has to be a possibility. It should be easy to learn.
According to the Marketing, fancy was the most important aspect of the market trend. Fancy stood for an original look-and-feel of the case and interface. The second aspect was that a remote control should be technological innovative and use some of the new technology, to be innovative. The third aspect was the ease of use, which was an overall point of the group. The group decided to make the remote control simple and easy to use.
Marketing thought that spongy remote control was not trendy because it was hard to use. But he thought it would be cool if they could make it feel like rubber. Marketing also thought that the remote control should be made of plastic so that it would not be hard to break.
User Interface recommended to do some research on the target group to find out whether they were willing to spend more money on something that was similar to cheaper ones. User Interface also pointed out that the young people were not willing to pay more for a fancy look-and-feel remote control, which was the most important aspect of the market.
According to the Marketing, the most important aspect of the remote control was to be user-friendly and easy to use. Besides, it should be technologically innovative by using some of the new technology to be innovative. However, the group decided not to make use of LCD or speech recognition because it was not in the current trend.
Project Manager thought that the shape of the remote should not be too big or too small. It should be the same size as the TV, but not too big. Project Manager also suggested that the buttons could be made in different shapes, like a triangle or a square, so that customers could choose from different shapes.
The group decided to use a regular chip and an advanced chip inside the speech recognition. The regular chip would be cheaper and more reliable, while the advanced one would be more advanced and more powerful. However, the group agreed that the advanced chip would cost more, but it would be better for the customers.
This was the sixth meeting of the House of Commons Special Committee on the COVID-19 pandemic. The meeting began with petitions presented by the members. The petitioners asked the government to look at the situation with the Patented Medicine Prices Review Board, which was scheduled to go through some important and potentially detrimental regulatory changes very soon. They asked that the amendments to the patent prices review board be rescinded, as these would restrict Canadians from receiving life-saving medications for cystic fibrosis and other illnesses, but in particular, a medicine called Trikafta, which can have the effect of treating 90% of Cystic Fibrosis sufferers. They also asked the federal government to work with the provinces to jointly allow for the delivery of this life-saving medicine to Canadians across the country and to take a leadership role in negotiating a price for gene modulators throughout all the provinces of Canada.
The petitioners asked the government to look at the situation with the Patented Medicine Prices Review Board, which was scheduled to go through some important and potentially detrimental regulatory changes very soon. They asked that the amendments to the patent prices review board be rescinded, as these would restrict Canadians from receiving life-saving medications for cystic fibrosis and other illnesses, but in particular, a medicine called Trikafta, which can have the effect of treating 90% of cystic Fibrosis sufferers, should be available to Canadians across the country. The petitioners also asked for the federal government to take a leadership role in negotiating a price for gene modulators throughout all the provinces of Canada.
Mr. Gabriel Ste-Marie said that the Prime Minister continued to support the profiteers, and he was referring to the companies that were profiting from the COVID-19 pandemic. He asked the government to take a leadership role in negotiating a price for gene modulators throughout all the provinces of Canada. The Prime Minister had promised to do so, but he had not done so yet.
Hon. Bill Blair supported banning Iver Johnson because he was a member of the opposition party and he was concerned about the safety and security of Canadians during the pandemic. Hon. Blair also pointed out that the ban was not just about Iver, but it was also about freedom of speech and freedom of expression.
The discussion about Government support for the elderly and for vulnerable people was mainly about the need for the government to pay more attention to the elderly, especially in the face of the COVID-19 pandemic. Hon. Patty Hajdu (Minister of Families, Children and Social Development) answered that the government was committed to doing everything in its power to ensure the safety and security of seniors and vulnerable people during the pandemic, and the government would continue to work with the provinces and the territories to ensure their safety.
Ms. Jenny Kwan pointed out that there was a gap between program making and its implementation in the provinces and territories due to the lack of funding. Currently, the federal government was working with the provinces to implement the program, but it was still not in place. The federal government had not been able to meet the needs of the people in the rural areas, which was causing a crisis in the health care system in Canada.
Hon. Carla Qualtrough pointed out that the Canadian government had done a lot to support the elderly during the pandemic. The government had put in place a number of programs, including the Canada Pension Plan, the Canada Health Insurance Program, and the Canada Long Term Care Program. However, it was still not enough for the elderly. Hon. Catherine McKenna mentioned that the government was working with the provinces and territories to ensure that the elderly were not left out in the cold.
Hon. Bill Blair (Minister of Energy, Mines and Mineral Resources and Minister of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness) introduced that the government was committed to supporting the energy sector and the environment during the pandemic. However, the opposition party questioned about the government's support for energy resources and tourism and funding in green economy and small businesses. The minister answered that they were continuing to work with the provinces and territories to find a solution to the problem.
Hon. Patty Hajdu (Minister of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness) informed the committee that the government was working with the provinces and territories to ensure the safety and security of the travelling public during the pandemic. The government was also working with industry to ensure that the tourism industry was protected from the virus and the government would continue to support the industry.
Hon. Patty Hajdu introduced that the government had done a lot to help small businesses during the pandemic, including providing financial assistance to more than $2.5 billion in loans to small businesses. Hon. Carla Qualtrough mentioned that the federal government was working with the provinces and territories to make sure that small businesses had access to the financial assistance they needed during this time of need.
Hon. Elizabeth May (SaanichGulf Islands, Gulf Islands, Lib.) pointed out that fishing and tourism, oil and gas affected by the Covid-19 pandemic was a very important industry in Canada, and the government should do everything in its power to protect the industry. Hon. Bill Blair (Minister of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness) said that the government was working with the provinces and territories to ensure the safety and security of the fishing industry and the oil and natural gas industry.
The government had done a lot to help the fishing industry during the pandemic. The government had put in place a number of measures to ensure the safety and security of the fishery, and the government was continuing to work with the provinces and territories to ensure a safe and secure supply of fish. In addition, the government had also launched a series of initiatives to ensure that the fish market would remain open and healthy.
Hon. Bill Blair (Minister of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness) mentioned that the oil and gas industry was facing a lot of stress due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Hon. Catherine McKenna suggested that the government was doing everything in its power to help the industry, but it was still not enough. The industry was still struggling to adapt to the new situation and to cope with the financial strain.
The whole meeting was about the detailed design of the remote control. Project Manager started the meeting with a presentation by User Interface Designer and Industrial Designer about the prototype of the product. Then, the group discussed the material used in the construction of the prototype, including the shape, colour, and shape of the buttons. After that, Project Manager asked the group to evaluate the prototype. The group agreed that it was a unique design with a fuzzy shape and a stable triangle base, which made it quite convenient for users to use it. Next, the team evaluated the cost of the production, which was determined to be 12.5 Euros per unit. After this, the meeting ended with a discussion about the target market, which included all age groups.
The team agreed that the product was made of clay and the colour was yellow and red. There were two basic shapes, a circle and a triangle piece. The shape of the buttons was like a mushroom, so they could call the remote control the mushroom. The team thought it was quite convenient for users to use it. The remote control had a stable triangle base, which was stable and stable, so it was unlikely that users could not find it. Also, there was a button to select the channel and a cute button in the centre of the centre.
The user interface thought the basic colour of the remote control should be yellow and red because yellow was the company colour and red was more attractive. When talking about the product appearance, the user interface pointed out that the shape of the buttons was like a mushroom, so they could integrate the fruity aspect of the shape into the product.
The marketing believed that the shape of the product was not fashionable and it would not integrate with the trends in the market. The marketing also pointed out that the remote control was only a prototype and would not be used in a year.Why did the marketing disagree with the user interface designer on the product appearance?
Marketing asked the team to evaluate the features of the remote control. The team agreed that it was a unique design and it was quite convenient for users to use. However, the team failed to agree on the material used in the construction of the product and the cost of the production. In the end, they agreed that the product was not good enough for the market and it should be replaced with something better.
The group thought the design was technologically innovative because it incorporated the functions of the LCD screen into the shape of a mushroom. Also, the group thought it was quite convenient for users to use it because it could be put in the table so users could turn the ball to select the channel and there was a cute button.
The marketing and the industrial designer disagreed with the user interface designer when judging whether the controller was easy to use because they thought it was biased. The marketing pointed out that it was not easy to find the remote control because it was made out of clay and it was hard to see the buttons. The industrial designer thought that the buttons were too small and the controller would be lost in the hand.
Industrial Designer and User Interface Designer gave a presentation on the prototype of the remote control. The prototype was made by clay and had two basic shapes, a circle and a triangle piece. The shape of the buttons was like a mushroom, so Project Manager suggested that they could call their remote control the mushroom. Marketing then asked the team to give a quotation on the industrial design of the product. The team agreed that it was a unique design and it was quite convenient for users to use it. However, the quotation was not accepted by the team because it was not in line with the market trend.
When discussing the industrial design, the group decided to keep the solar cells because they thought it would be convenient for users to charge the remote control when it was dark in the room. Also, it was believed that it would not be a bad idea to have solar cells in the remote because it would attract the customers' attention when the light was on.
The industrial designer disagreed with the marketing when talking about some new ideas about future products. The industrial designer thought that it was not necessary to integrate the fruit and vegetable aspect into the remote control because there would be no market for it in the future. Besides, the industrial designer believed that it would be difficult for users to learn to use the new remote control if they were not familiar with it.
The whole meeting was about the functional design of the remote control. First, the group got to know each other better by drawing their favourite animals on the whiteboard. Then, they discussed the project plan and discussed their own ideas about the product. The group decided to make a remote control that was original, trendy, appealing to a wide market, not a hunk of metal, and user-friendly, grannies to kids, maybe even pooches could use it.
Industrial Designer suggested that the remote control should be made of wood and the shape of the buttons should be different from each other so that it would be easy to find. Project Manager agreed and suggested that they could make it into a triangle shape. User Interface suggested that it should be shaped like a banana, so that people could find it easy to use. Marketing proposed that they should design it in a way that it's not too big or too small, and it can be used in different devices.
When discussing the remote control style and design optimization, the group decided to incorporate a menu display because it would make it easier for users to find what they were looking for. Also, it would be easier for people to see what was on the menu when they were in the middle of watching a program.
Industrial Designer thought that the older generation was more technologically advanced than the younger generation because they had computers, teletext, telephones and teletexting. Therefore, the remote control should be more user-friendly for them. However, Industrial Designer also pointed out that it would be a good idea to design a good-looking remote control since it would attract the attention of older people.
Industrial Designer thought that the remote control should be made of plastic because it was cheap and easy to handle. However, Industrial Designer also pointed out that it was not necessary to have a lot of buttons on it because there would be enough space in the cabinet for all the buttons.
Marketing suggested that the remote control should be priced at twenty-five Euros and aimed at the international market. User Interface agreed and suggested that it should be aimed at international market as well. Project Manager agreed and proposed that the price should be twelve Euros and the target group should be people between ten and forty.
Project Manager thought that the remote control should be priced at twenty-five to fifty Euros and aimed at the international market. Project Manager also suggested that the product should be suitable for all age groups because it was aimed at a wide range of people. In addition, Project Manager suggested that they could also target the elderly and people with disabilities.
This was the second meeting of the team. The Project Manager started the meeting by going over the last meeting's discussion. Industrial Designer, User Interface and Marketing each gave a presentation on the working design of the remote control. The group agreed on reducing the size of the control by using a flip-open design and an electronic panel for further features like programming. Then, the group discussed the cost issue of using infrared to send signals to the TV and decided to use the same thing that computers use, wireless. They also discussed the size issue by choosing triple A batteries instead of bulky bulky ones. Finally, the team agreed to design a universal control, one handset for all, TV, video equipment and not limiting anyone.
Industrial Designer suggested a flip-open design to reduce the size of the control and an electronic panel for further features like programming. However, the group was not sure about the size issue because most of them were powered by triple A batteries but those can be quite bulky so Industrial Designer suggested to look at something else so the control could shrink down the size. The group also discussed about the cost issue of using infrared to send signals to the TV presumably because it was cheaper than wireless.
Industrial Designer thought that triple A batteries were the smallest and the smallest in the market, but they could get a certain data across about how much power they could send across. Industrial Designer also thought that the flip-open design could reduce the size of the control and an electronic panel could be added for further features like programming.
The group discussed the market research and made some adjustments due to new project requirements. They agreed that the product should be accessible to a wide range of consumers of all ages and not limiting anyone. They also agreed to reduce the size of the control by using a flip-open design and an electronic panel for further features like programming. In addition, the group agreed to use infrared to send signals to the TV.
Industrial Designer thought that the alarm was a good idea because it would be useful for customers to know when the remote control was about to go out of service. It would also be convenient for the alarm to beep when it got lost in the room. However, Industrial Designer was not sure whether it was necessary because the alarm would beep if the control was not in use.
Industrial Designer thought that most of the remote controls were powered by triple A batteries and those could be quite bulky so they could shrink down the size of the control. Also, most of them used some form of infrared to send signals to the TV presumably because of the cost issue of something like the same thing that computers use, wireless and it didn't need to send much information.
Industrial Designer suggested a flip-open design, reducing the size of the control and an electronic panel for further features like programming, things like that. However, Project Manager was not keen on the idea because it was too big and bulky. User Interface suggested a simple one-handed remote control, which was more user-friendly and easy to use. Project Manager agreed with User Interface because it would be easier for the customers to find the remote control.
The meeting was mostly about the progress of the transcriber interface. The team was trying to figure out which features they wanted to add to the interface, the comparison of people saying the same digits at the same time, and how to use Unison. The professor informed the team that the team would have to spend the next few days figuring out how to incorporate the different features into the interface. There was also some discussion about how the team could incorporate speech recognition into the system. The meeting ended with the team discussing how to make the system more robust.
The team decided to submit a demo of the Transcriber interface to DARPA in mid-July. It was decided that the demo would be two parts, the comparison of people saying the same words at the same time and the comparison between the two. The team would also be submitting a paper on how to improve the performance of the system.
Transcribers were given the option to choose from two types of transcripts: the comparison of people saying the same words at the same time or the comparison between individual utterances. The latter was more interesting because it allowed the team to see how long people were speaking in unison and how long it took for people to go through the string of words.
Transcribers were recording for the DARPA meeting in mid-July. The team was trying to figure out which features they wanted to include in their recordings. The gain was not showing up as much as they expected it to, and the team was running out of time to complete the task. They were also trying to decide which feature they wanted more.
The segmenter has noticed that the amount of time people are talking at the same time is causing it to be hard to distinguish between different speakers' utterances. The professor suggested that the team could look at how long people are saying the same thing and see if they are speaking in unison or not. This would allow the segmenter to pick out the most important words.
The segmenter is still not working as planned. The professor informed the team that it was recording on channel four, but the gain was not showing up as much as they had hoped. The team was concerned that it would take too long to learn how to use the segmenter. They decided that they would have to figure out a way to get it to work faster.
The segmenter has noticed that the amount of time people are talking at the same time is causing it to be hard to distinguish between different speakers' utterances. The professor suggested that the team could look at how long people are saying the same thing and see if they are speaking in unison or not. This would allow the segmenter to pick out the most important words.
The meeting began with a brief introduction to the Aurora HTK system. The team was trying to figure out how to reduce the amount of noise in the signal-to-noise ratio. The professor informed the team that they had submitted a paper for ASRU. The meeting ended with a discussion on how to further narrow down the bandwidth of the Mel scale.
The team was working on removing bad data from the net and improving it. The professor informed them that they had submitted a paper to ASRU for consideration. The team thought that it would be a good idea to remove some of the bad data. The net would be smaller and more stable with fewer deletions. They also wanted to figure out how to deal with reverberation.
The professor thought that the neural net was interesting because it was dealing with reverberation and the technique he was using worked really, really well. The team was throwing away some of the noise, but it was still throwing away more than it was making. The professor thought it was interesting that they were throwing away a lot of the signal.
The team thought that the most noisy cases yielded better results than the least noisy cases. The team was trying to figure out what was causing the difference between the noisy and the non-sovereign cases. They wanted to know if the difference was due to the spectral nature of the signal or whether it was caused by the noise itself. The professor suggested that the latter might be the case.
The team thought that the VAD was better than they expected, but they still had room to improve on it. The Professor B suggested that they could try throwing away some of the low-pass filters and throwing away the full-band S-sixty-four filter bank, which was throwing away a lot of the signal. The team also wanted to know how far down the filter would be at twenty-hits.
The professor thought that the latency of the VAD was not too bad. He thought that it was just a matter of time. The professor was not sure if the delay was due to the delay caused by reverberation or the fact that the system was slower. He suggested that the delay could be caused by a combination of factors, such as the number of channels in the system.
PhD C explained that the team was trying to get a handle on the breakdown of the latency, which was taking longer than they expected. PhD C thought that the delay was due to the fact that they were dealing with reverberation, and the technique they were using for reverberation works really well.
The whole meeting was about the conceptual design of the remote control. Industrial Designer, User Interface, Marketing, and Project Manager gave presentations on components design and material design respectively. Marketing suggested that the remote should have a fruit and vegetable theme and the fancy look and feel was the current trend, and therefore they should go for that if they want to be successful in the market. User Interface also suggested that they should have an iPod-like button system with wheels and a beeper or buzzer for locating the remote. Project Manager then asked Industrial Designer and User Interface to give a presentation on the components design, which was mainly about the standard and custom design parts. Then, Project Manager asked the group to discuss the material and design of their remote.
The group discussed the current trend and potential materials. Marketing mentioned that the fruit and vegetable theme was the current fashion trend. The fancy look and feel went far beyond the functionality of the thing, but it was included in the ease of use. Industrial Designer suggested that the remote should be made out of rubber, plastic, wood or titanium. User Interface suggested a combination of rubber and titanium. Marketing also suggested an iPod-like button system which could be incorporated into the remote.
Industrial Designer first gave a presentation on the components design, mainly by consulting remote control diagrams from the internet and incorporating design ideas from the last meeting. The standard parts included the buttons and the wheels, the iPod-style wheel. The infrared LERE-D was actually included in the circuit board that comes with it. The radio sender and receiver were standard, but there was also a beeper or buzzer or other sort of noise thing for locating the remote. The rubber case required rubber buttons, so if they definitely want plastic buttons, they shouldn't have a rubber case. The Industrial Designer recommended against titanium because it can only be used in the flat cases and it's really heavy. The chip would require a slightly more expensive chip, so they could not use the minimal chip, but the next higher grade.
When discussing the necessity of screen, User Interface pointed out that most of the time people only use the screen for the menu and not for the rest of the functions. However, Marketing thought it was important for the remote control to be able to see what was on the screen so that people would know what was going on around them when they turned on the TV. Industrial Designer agreed that the screen was necessary for controlling the remote, but he did not think it should be too big or too small. User Interface thought that it was better to have a small screen instead of a big one.
User Interface suggested that the remote control could be powered by a solar cell or a battery. Industrial Designer thought it would be a good idea to use solar energy because it was cheaper and more convenient. Project Manager agreed and suggested a combination of both solar and conventional batteries. The discussion about potential options of energy was concluded by Industrial Designer and User Interface, who both agreed on solar energy.
Industrial Designer thought that the energy source should be a rechargeable battery, but he didn't know whether it was a good idea to use solar or a regular one. He thought it would be better to use a regular battery as it was more convenient for the users.
When discussing the cost of the Kryptonite, User Interface mentioned that it was quite expensive. Project Manager suggested that they could use a combination of both kinetic and kinetic-based energy sources. However, Industrial Designer pointed out that the kinetic energy source was more expensive, so they could only use kinetic. The cost of kinetic energy was determined to be 12.5 Euros per unit.
The whole meeting was about the conceptual design of the new remote control. Project Manager started the meeting with a review of the last meeting, and then Industrial Designer, User Interface, Marketing and Project Manager gave presentations on properties, materials, user-interface and trend-watching, respectively. Then, Project Manager led the group to a discussion about the functions of the remote control, and the team agreed on a flip design and a different shape from what's normal. After that, the group discussed how to incorporate the image of the company into the design. Finally, the meeting ended with a discussion on the cost of the product, which was decided to be 12.5 Euros.
The team decided on a flip design, a different shape, a shell, a rechargeable battery, a port and an alarm for getting it lost. They also decided on leaving out the voice recognition and incorporated the image of the company into it somehow. The team also decided to use plastic as the material of the remote control and to make it different from the normal ones.
In the last meeting, the team decided on a flip design, a shell, a different shape, a rechargeable battery, a port and an alarm for getting it lost. They also decided on leaving out the voice recognition and decided on using the same material as the current one. The team also reached a consensus that the remote control should be in the shape of a fruit or vegetable and should be made of plastic.
According to the feedback from the subject group, fancy look and feel was the most important aspect, technologically innovative and easy to use was second and third, but it was third in order of preference for the target group. There was a trend towards a different shape, a flip design and a different material. The user interface would be simple and user-friendly. The remote control would be made out of plastic and it would be in the shape of the company logo.
The remote control would be made of plastic with a flip design, rechargeable batteries, a rechargeable port, a chip and an alarm for getting it lost. It would be in a different shape and a different color. The remote control could be made in different shapes and different materials. It could be in different colours.
The advantages and drawbacks of each battery option were discussed by Industrial Designer and User Interface respectively. The advantages of the rechargeable batteries were that they were more convenient to use, while the disadvantages were that it was more expensive and took more time to use. Project Manager suggested to use a combination of both types of batteries to save the cost.
The group discussed the design of the actual components of the remote control, including the case material, the shape of the buttons, the position of the batteries, the positioning of the LCD screen, and the material used in the case. They decided to use rubber as the material of the case, as it was the lightest and the least expensive, and it would be easy to be lost.
The group decided to use a flip design and a different shape from what's normal. They were also going to use rechargeable batteries and a port for getting it lost. The group also decided to have a spongy feel in contrast to the sponginess of the current remote control.
Marketing's suggestion of a sort of stylus to press the touch screen on the device when discussing the design of actual components was rejected by the team. User Interface pointed out that the team should stick to the basic idea of the remote control, which was a simple one at that time. However, Industrial Designer thought it would be a good idea to incorporate some sort of technology into the design, such as a stylus, to make it more user-friendly.
Marketing suggested putting mirrors on the device to make it easier to find lost remote controls. The team thought it was a good idea. However, User Interface pointed out that it would be hard to see what was inside the remote control if there were no mirrors on it. So the team agreed to put some sort of mirror on it, but only if it was not too big or too small.
The remote control would have a flip design and a different shape from what's normal. It would be made out of plastic and it would have rechargeable batteries. There would be a port and an alarm for getting it lost. The remote control was expected to be priced at 25 Euros and produced at a cost of 12.5 Euros.
According to the market research, the most important aspect for remote controls was fancy look and feel, technologically innovative and easy to use. The second most important was technologically innovative, which was in turn twice as important as being easy-to-use. In addition, the user interface was expected to be user-friendly and user-centered. The remote control should be different from other remotes in the market by having a different shape, a flip design and a different material.
Project Manager suggested that the cost of the speech recognition feature could be cut down by 50 percent if it was adopted. However, Industrial Designer pointed out that it would be difficult to implement the feature if the remote control was only used for television because it would not be compatible with other devices in the house. Project Manager also mentioned that the company would have to pay more attention to the production cost if the voice recognition feature was adopted because it was the only way to cut the cost.
This is the first meeting of the project kick-off. Project Manager started the meeting with a brief introduction of the new product and the team got acquainted with each other and their roles. Then, Project Manager asked the team members to give a presentation about their ideas about the remote control. Industrial Designer first gave a presentation on the functional design of the remote. User Interface then introduced the technical design, which was mainly about the effect of the case in controlling the television. Marketing then presented the market research, which showed that there was a need for a trendy and user-friendly remote control in the market. After that, the team discussed more ideas about how the remote should look and how it should function and all those kind of things. Finally, the meeting ended with a discussion about the working design.
User Interface suggested that the remote control should be able to control all kinds of devices in the room, such as the television, the stereo, the video recorder, the DVD player, the audio player, etc. In addition, it should also have the ability to control the volume, the brightness, the contrast, the colour and the brightness of the TV.
User Interface thought that the remote control should be able to control all kinds of devices in the room, including the television, the stereo, the video recorder, the DVD player, the audio player, and the computer. It should also have the ability to control other devices, such as the stereo and the television.
Industrial Designer thought that the remote control should be able to control all kinds of devices in the room, including the television. In addition, it should be easy to use. Industrial Designer also thought that it should not be too complicated and it should only be used for the television because it was only for television.
User Interface suggested that the remote control should be able to control both the TV and the DVD player. Project Manager thought that it would be a good idea to have a separate remote control for TV and a separate one for DVD. Industrial Designer thought that the TV remote control could be used for both the two devices. User Interface also suggested that there should be a separate case for the DVD and for the TV.
Industrial Designer suggested that the remote control should be able to control both the TV and the DVD player. The remote control could also be used for controlling both the television and the video recorder. Industrial Designer thought that it would be a good idea to have a separate remote control for TV and a separate one for DVD.
User Interface thought that Bluetooth was not suitable for the remote control because it would be difficult to connect the remote with the TV. It would be hard to get the remote to the TV when the TV was on the other side of the room. Besides, User Interface did not think it was necessary to use Bluetooth because it was only for the television and not for the rest of the house.