This was the Children, Young People and Education Committee's eleventh evidence session on the Children (Abolition of Defense of Reasonable Punishment) (Wales) Bill. Barry Hughes, Chief Crown Prosecutor for Wales, and Kwame Biney, who was senior policy advisor, CPS, and Iwan Jenkins, who is head of the complex casework unit, Crown Prosecution Service Cymru Wales, gave evidence about the current situation and the potential consequences of the Bill. The meeting mainly discussed the criminal law in Wales and England diverging in this particular instance, and whether the guidance needed amending to reflect it. In terms of how they would approach it within Wales, Barry Hughes said that they would simply want to take the present public interest factors, which were set out, in his view, very clearly in the code for Crown prosecutors, and they would provide a degree of detail around those that relates more specifically to the issues that they were discussing here.
According to Barry Hughes, there is a huge body of legislation out there that outlaws certain offences, and a clear spectrum of offending that you can realistically consent to and then you get to offending you can't consent to. The criminal law provides a general framework within which to operate, which most people tend to understand. Therefore, the fact that they might not have many prosecutions is not a reason not to say that certain behavior is or is not acceptable.
The criminal law provided a general framework within which to operate, which most people tend to understand. There was a range of offences created by the criminal law, going back to the Offences Against the Person Act 1861 in the middle of the century before last, which provided for offences of assault against a variety of people, including, in particular, Acts such as the Children and Young Persons Act 1933, which provides for offences that are specific to children. In that regard, it could be argued that children have fewer rights than adults. However, the law has considered that in some depth. And when it comes to prosecuting, it's often the case that things aren't just black and white; there are multiple shades of grey in between.
According to Barry Hughes, when they approach a file of material evidence submitted by the police, they apply the code for Crown prosecutors, which has a two-stage test. The first stage is whether there's sufficient evidence to provide a realistic prospect of conviction. If there isn't enough evidence, they don't go on to consider whether it's in the public interest. The second stage is where they decide it's an offence that they think is so serious that it should be charged and brought before a criminal court.
According to Barry Hughes, there was a huge body of legislation out there that outlaws certain offences, and it was fairly evident that there would be a defence available in England that was not available in Wales. In terms of how they would approach it within the Crown Prosecution Service in Cymru-Wales, the approach would be along the lines of working with Kwame and his colleagues to make sure that the guidance that we issue nationally suits both England and Wales. There was a specific provision that took account of the potential divergence of Welsh law. And when it comes to the practical application of the legislation in Wales, Barry Hughes would almost certainly work on the basis that the number of offences was likely to be very small and they would probably have two or three specialists trained in this so that any case that came through went to people who had got a close network and could talk with each other.
Barry Hughes gave two examples. One was that the removal of the defense would mean that there would be more cases that would pass the evidential stage in Wales than there would in England, because the defence would still apply there. The second was that there was an offence of putting an electronic collar on a child that administers a shock in Wales; it was not an offence in England. In terms of how they would approach it within the Crown Prosecution Service in Cymru-Wales, Barry Hughes thought they would simply want to take the present public interest factors, which were set out, in his view, very clearly in the code for Crown prosecutors, and provide a degree of detail around those that relates more specifically to the issues that they were discussing here.
Barry Hughes thought it would be better for the scrutinisers of this Act if they could see the draft changes to CPS guidance on the public interest test before they made their final decision, but he did not think that would necessarily be helpful. In terms of how they would approach it within the Crown Prosecution Service in Cymru-Wales, his approach would be along the lines of working with Kwame and his colleagues to make sure that the guidance that they issue nationally suits both England and Wales. What they would envisage was that they would simply want to take the present public interest factors, which were set out, in his view, very clearly in the code for Crown prosecutors, and they would provide a degree of detail around those that relates more specifically to the issues that they were discussing here. And they would build themselves up to come up with the appropriate guidance according to the circumstances.
Barry Hughes explained that there were a great many offences or reports of crime that did not reach the CPS because they were dealt with by way of an out-of-court disposal. It would be simpler and clearer to have fewer types of disposal with more clarity about what each one of them involved. Any case that the police referred to us for a charging decision would generally be offences where they felt that there should be a prosecution rather than an out of court disposal. So, the numbers would be very small, which means they would wish to keep the situation under review, and they would reach a period of time after whatever—12, 18 months, maybe 24 months—where they would look back to see how they were doing.
Barry Hughes explained that the National Police Chiefs' Council had been working with the deputy chief constable Sara Glen, who was responsible for developing the police approach to out-of-court disposals and simplifying the range of them involved. There was quite a range, and life would be simpler and clearer to have fewer types of disposal with more clarity about what each one of them was involved.
The way Barry Hughes saw it was that, within Wales, they could build an infrastructure that provided for a range of out-of-court disposals. They could direct the police or the CPS to point people towards that, but if they build a good infrastructure, it was more likely that people would be pointed in that direction.
Barry Hughes thought they had had a pretty helpful canter through most of the circumstances here that might happen. Sian Gwenllian AM suggested that under the new law, or the proposed law, would one unintended consequence be that, if someone living in Wales who can't use the reasonable punishment defense—would their life prospects be different compared to those people in England, who will be able to use that defense? Barry Hughes answered that this was a bit of a punt. There was no change whatsoever to the burden of proof nor to the standard of proof. The criminal law provided a general framework within which to operate, which most people tended to understand. So, the fact that they might not have many prosecutions was not a reason not to say that certain behavior was or was not acceptable.
In the CPS, we don't have targets for securing convictions or not. Clearly, we prosecute if there's a reasonable prospect, a realistic prospect, of conviction and it's in the public interest. And, in my experience, the police are much more sensible these days than they may have been 20 years ago, in terms of trying to get cases charged in order to meet some notional target. The numbers here are likely to be tiny, and dwarfed by the number of cases where we have to deal with the fallout between a relationship breakdown between partners—whether they be living within the same house or living in different houses.
According to Barry Hughes, there was a shortage of registered intermediaries in Wales, and the Ministry of Justice had taken action to deal with that, and they had had a number of people who were now in a position to act as intermediaries. Now, of course, if they were to decide not to do that anymore, they would have a problem, but in turn they would be looking to recruit more people into those positions.
This meeting was mainly about the evaluation of the prototype of the remote control. First of all, the team evaluated the prototype. The team thought it was quite good, but not for this kind of market, and not for a high price. Then, they evaluated the process and the design of the product. The process was good but the design was not good enough. The product was not innovative because it did not have voice recognition function. The design was too complicated to get used to and the more advanced functions were probably a bit harder. The selling price was not very expensive for a remote control that had this functionality.
Industrial Designer thought the remote control was fancy because it was spongy and advanced. User Interface thought the basic layout didn't offer much but the voice recognition function could add a lot. Project Manager thought the product was fancy but not for this kind of market. Marketing thought the most important function was easy to use but the advanced functions were probably a bit harder.
Industrial Designer thought the most important function was easy to use, like zapping, channel switching, volume, but the more advanced functions were probably a bit harder. User Interface thought the voice recognition function was hard to learn, so it was not for the elderly. Project Manager was not sure about the ease of use.
The group thought the remote control was competitive in the discussion of the evaluation criteria because it had a high quality and advanced features. However, they did not give a high rating to the voice recognition function because it was not for the elderly.
Industrial Designer pointed out that the cost of the solar cell was very expensive, so the group decided to skip that function and only use push-buttons. Project Manager agreed and added that the selling price would be 25 Euros, which was not very expensive for a remote control that had this functionality.
Industrial Designer thought that the group should skip the solar cell because it was not that important. Project Manager thought that push-buttons were not the most expensive, but did add extra cost. User Interface thought that they could still make a remote control that applied more to young people by giving it another colour already.
Industrial Designer proposed to reduce the production cost by leaving out the solar cells and not using the voice recognition feature.
This meeting was mainly about the functional design of the remote control. Firstly, Project Manager introduced the new project requirements that came in. The remote should be used only for television, no extra internet fancy things, just the remote and the television. Secondly, the target group should be teenagers and young professionals. Thirdly, User Interface gave a presentation about the technical functions design and incorporated ideas from the last meeting. Then, Industrial Designer and User Interface made a presentation on the working design. Industrial Designer gave an overview of how the remote works. Power comes from the battery, goes to the chip, and then it is sent from there to an infrared bulb which is the easiest way to send to the TV. The chip would handle all the processing stuff. The input would be buttons. The location function would be a radio receiver to send out location function and to receive it and also a buzzer for the location function on the remote itself.
The group discussed the functional design of the remote control based on the findings of the usability laboratory. First of all, the user interface designer made a list of the buttons that the team should focus on in order of importance. Then, the group talked about the location function, which was supposed to send out a signal to the TV. The team decided to have a location function on the remote, which could be a buzzer or a light. The group also discussed the number of buttons, which should be kept to a minimum, and the size of each button. Finally, the team agreed to design a button for all the settings, and then scroll through the options on the screen.
Industrial Designer suggested that the finder button could be on a TV or on the wall or some place since the TV already had power. User Interface suggested that it could be a two-part package. Project Manager agreed.
Marketing suggested that the buzzer could be on a TV or on the wall or some place since the TV already had power. It would send out a signal and if the TV was on it would make sound and the people on the TV were talking, then the TV would switch itself to channel one. However, Industrial Designer and User Interface were not sure how to implement it. Project Manager thought that to have speech recognition programmed in every single remote might be a little pricey.
The team had to decide whether they wanted to have VCR / VHR / DVD capability buttons. Project Manager thought that it would be hard to design a separate power button, so they could just design the channels. User Interface suggested that they could have a function switch button, which would be like a button on a TV or on the wall or some place since the TV already had power.
The meeting began with a brief introduction to the team and their current work. The team was working on different approaches to speech enhancement, including spectral subtraction, LDA, and on-line normalization. The professor wanted to know what the team had been up to and what they were working on now. They also wanted to get an idea of how the team could further optimize their models. The meeting ended with the team discussing the various approaches they were using and their plans for the future.
The team was concerned that their microphone was not working as well as they expected it to. The professor suggested that they could try switching to a wireless microphone. The team also discussed the pros and cons of using a lapel versus a wireless one. They agreed that the lapel was a better choice because it was in the middle of the room.
PhD F informed the team that they had ordered twelve new machines to use as a compute farm. The plan for using them was to run P-make and Customs on them.
The professor informed the team that Sunil was here for the summer and that the team would have a kick-off meeting and then plans for where they went between now and then would be released in the next few weeks. He also shared some stories about the workshop and some of the participants' work.
The team was playing around with spectral subtraction in Matlab. They were trying to figure out which method was better for speech recognition. The professor pointed out that the difference between the signal subspace approach and the FFT approach was due to the amount of noise and the variance in the data. The team thought that they could combine the two approaches to get a better result.
The the person in Grenada was working in the cepstral domain. The team was familiar with the person and had met him at ICASSP. The person was working on a project at CMU.
The professor recalled that the signal subspace approach had an in-built Wiener filter. He thought that the advantage of combining two things might be lost if the SNR was bad. He suggested that the team could combine spectral subtraction and noise addition to improve SNR.
The meeting was primarily about recording, transcription, and bleep editing. First, the team discussed how they were going to get people to bleep out sections of the meeting that they didn't want to include. Second, they discussed whether they should get another wireless setup because it seemed to be better than the wired setup. Third, they talked about how they could get the data into the multichannel format. Finally, the meeting ended with a general discussion about the current state of the project.
The the team is using a Sony radio microphone with a wired connector. The team is replacing the wired mikes with wireless because the cost of the wired setup is higher than the wireless.
The team agreed that they should incorporate additional conventions into their recordings, such as having a systematic handling of numbers, acronyms, and abbreviations. They also agreed to bleep out sections of a meeting where they were not speaking.
Transcribers have transcribed about thirty-two hours of data, including digits. The next step is to ensure that the data are clean first, and then channelized.
Transcribers would have to generate web pages and send email to every participant or contact them using the contact method they wanted, and just tell them that they need a password. Each person would only have to remember one password.
This was the second meeting of the belief-net project. The team discussed the basic design of what influences what done before they decide exactly how to compute it. The meeting started with a brief introduction to the user model, the ontology, and the decision nodes. Then, the team talked about how to design the intermediate nodes and how they could be linked to each other. They discussed how to deal with the interaction between the user and the environment, and how to make the decision about whether to enter or not to enter the castle. They also talked about the model's properties, like whether the main action at this place happens inside or outside or what kind of activity is done there. The final decision would depend on the interaction with the environment. Finally, the meeting ended with a discussion about how the model could be better designed.
The team thought that the user's budget may influence the outcome of decisions. They wanted to keep a running total of things, such as whether the user had left enough money to enter the building, and the time of day. The professor suggested that they could add a binary endpoint to the endpoint, but this would not be consistent with the ontology. They also wanted to add a discourse node to the endpoints.
The group members thought that the user's budget may influence the outcome of decisions. They wanted to keep a running total of things so that they could keep track of how much money the user had left to spend. They thought that if it was an expensive place to enter, this may also affect the likelihood of entering.
Grad E thought that the basic decision was whether the person wanted to go there or not. The professor thought that it might not be true or false because they did not have an idea of when the user would view the endpoint. The decision would be do they want that so they could have two different things. They could have all those values for Go-there or binary and given that they were going there when. They would have to figure out what the regularities were and code them.
Grad E said that the decision was does the person want to go there or is it just whether a strike is going to be there. The professor thought that it might not be true or false because they did not have this idea of when.
The group discussed the basic properties of the belief-net and how they could construct a valid probability distribution for each X-hat. They wanted the probabilities to add up to one. The professor suggested that they could specify the conditional property of this given all those properties. They could also have a weighted average for each endpoint. The probability of being E is one over four and the probability that Y equals A is one.
Grad D explained that a belief-net has a lot of different nodes all contributing to one node. In order for this to be a valid probability distribution for each X-hat, they just need that the W's sum to one. The way this is handled is by what's called a mixture of experts. Each expert is making a decision based on some factors and the weighted combination of their outputs combined to make a decision.
This meeting was mainly about the functional design of the remote control. First, the Industrial Designer gave a presentation on the technical function design for user interface for our remote TV control. Then, the User Interface Designer presented on the user interface design for remote control, focusing on the fashion and image of the society. Finally, the Marketing Expert presented on new product requirements, including the requirement to use the teletext and to have a link between remote control and the television.
The team agreed that the product should be fancy, fashion, powerful and easy to use. They wanted the colour of the product to be yellow and the image of the society to be recognisable in the product such as the colour and slogan. They also wanted the remote control to be only for television, so it would not be too complex and it would increase the price and they can't do that.
The user interface designer and the industrial designer recommended to design a fancy, powerful and easy to use remote control. They thought that they could mix several functions in one button and have less buttons. However, they were not so sure about how to make the remote control look fancy because different people had a different opinion about fancy.
Industrial Designer thought that the Internet connection was not part of the remote control design. Project Manager thought that it was better to use internet. User Interface thought that with the set box, the TV would be able to connect to the Internet.
Industrial Designer proposed a nifra infrared base because it was cheaper than laser and it was better to control TV. Project Manager agreed because infrared was a cheap technology. User Interface proposed a powerful and easy-to-use remote control because it had many functions and it took less time for users to learn how to use it.
The industrial designer thought that a cable between the remote control and the TV would be a bad idea. He thought that wireless was more practical. However, the project manager thought that the wireless problem was more David Jordan's problem.
The user interface designer suggested that they can mix several functions in one button, so that they have less buttons. However, he was not sure if it would be easy to use.
The team agreed that the product should be fancy, powerful and easy to use. They also agreed that it should be yellow.
The user interface designer thought that the product should be fancy and the image of the society had to be recognised in the product. However, the industrial designer thought it was not so popular now, so they should change this as well.
The project manager thought that the product should be fancy, powerful and easy to use. Besides, the project manager believed that the image of the society had to be recognised in the product, such as the colour and slogan.
This was the 20th meeting of the Special Committee on the COVID-19 Pandemic. The meeting began with statements by members. Then, the meeting moved on to questions from members. The first question went to the Leader of the Opposition, Mr. Steven Guilbeault. He asked about the government's response to the issue of the $40,000 emergency loan for businesses. The Minister of Canadian Heritage answered that the government had already increased the budget of the Office of the Auditor General in the 2018-19 period. In addition, the government worked with the government to increase funding in 2018-09 and added the equivalent of 38 new full-time staff to its team. The second question was from Mr. Dean Allison, who pointed out that Canada was struggling to secure a reliable source of PPE. The government was giving about $115million to Quebec, but that was not even 4%of what was being requested.
Hon. Patty Hajdu (Minister of Employment, Workforce Development and Disability Inclusion) introduced that the government was fully committed to supporting the important and ongoing work of the Auditor General, an independent officer of Parliament. The government had added 38 permanent staff positions to her office, while the Conservative government, under their leadership, cut the funding for more than 60
The Prime minister and Government were accused of lying about COVID-19. The Prime Minister misled the House in his response to a question. The Government was also accused of withholding funds from the Auditor General. The Auditor General had indicated that she would be able to do half as many audits, despite an almost doubling in the size of government spending.
Hon. Steven Guilbeault (Minister of Canadian Heritage) introduced that the government had invested $500 million in transfers to the provinces and territories to manage the extreme pressure put on health care systems as a result of their supporting people living with COVID and in preventing COVID. In addition, there were five really exciting accessible technology initiatives, including working on point-of-sale terminals for Canadians who were blind or visually impaired.
Hon. Steven Guilbeault (Minister of Canadian Heritage) introduced that the government was fully committed to supporting the important and ongoing work of the Auditor General, an independent officer of Parliament. The Auditor General had already told this government that her office did not have funds. On the contrary, the government had already increased the budget of the Office of Auditor General in the 2018-19 period. With this increase, the office was able to add the equivalent of 38new full-time staff to its team.
Jagmeet Singh (Burnaby South, NDP) asked the Prime Minister to extend the CERB for families in need. Right Hon. Justin Trudeau responded that discussions were ongoing on that, but he could assure Canadians that the government would continue to be there for them and support them, as they had been.
According to the GBA+ analysis, the government had come way short of meeting the Canadian demand for personal protective equipment. Some equipment procured from overseas had been substandard and couldn't be used. The government was giving about $115million to Quebec, but that was not even 4% of what was being requested. It was clear that Canada needed to rely on Canada for PPE.
Project Manager introduced the project project. The remote control would be an international product, priced at 25 Euros and sold in the entire world. The team would have to work on the design of the remote control and think of the user requirement specifications. The product cost would be not more than 12.5 Euros and the selling price of the product would be 25 Euros.
The team agreed that the remote control should be original, trendy and user-friendly. It should be priced at 25 Euros and not more than 12.5 Euros. The team also agreed to keep the product cost under 12 Euros and 50 Euros.
Project Manager proposed that the remote control should be international because everybody would have to use it. Also, the product cost should not be more than 12.5 Euros.
The selling price of the product would be 25 Euros and the product cost would be not more than 12.5 Euros.
Industrial Designer was responsible for the design of the remote control, User Interface for the user interface design and Industrial Designer for the industrial way to transform it. Project Manager would manage all all the group.
The industrial designer thought that the user interface designer was responsible for designing the interface of the remote control, while the industrial designer was in charge of taking care of the industrial way to transform it.
The industrial designer was supposed to design the remote control and take care of the industrial way to transform it. The user interface designer should design the user interface and implement the core functions.
The meeting began with a brief introduction to the team and their current work. The team was working on a prototype of the Bayes-net, which was still in a prototype stage. They discussed how they could further refine the model, such as adding features for each region, and how to further segment the data. They also discussed how the model could be further refined. The meeting ended with a discussion about how the team could further explore the model. They decided that they could add features along the lines of where they want to go and what they've said previously and what means that they should use.
Grad B explained that the initial structure of the belief net was basically all the features pointing to the output node. Grad B thought that it would be a pain to set up all the probabilities for that, so they moved onto the next step and did learning of some sort, but according to Bhaskara they would be handicapped.
The team decided to add a middle layer to the model. The middle layer would include features along the lines of where they want to go and what they've said previously and what means that they should use. The features would be either lexical or topic-based. The model would also add a "has door" property to indicate whether they're a tourist or not.
The intentionality of the objects in the model was discussed by the team. The first thing they got was that already the intention was determined by parsing the data. They tried to figure out the intention by parsing it. The second thing they learned was that there was a complete separation between the observed features and the output. The team thought that they could add a middle layer to the model to help them figure out what kind of going was happening. The third thing they found was that the context was a switch between tourist or non-tourist and business mode. The context would include a huge amount of information, but it would change across several turns of discourse. They had to have some notion of not just
The first idea was to add a middle layer. The features would be extracted from the communication of some abstract idea, like "I am a tourist I want to go to this place". The middle layer would have features along the lines of where the person wanted to go and what they had said previously and what means that they should use. It would also have a hidden layer for contextual information, like whether the person was a tourist or whether they were running an errand.
SmartKom was designed to help the team understand the context of the data they were collecting. For instance, the team wanted to know whether someone was on a tour, running an errand, or just a tourist. SmartKom would be able to help them figure out whether the person was in a hurry or not. It would also be helpful to know what kind of going there was and whether they were using the building as a navigational point to go to another place.
Hiring was discussed at the next meeting, and the team would be looking for someone with a background in computer science and a desire to learn more about the Bayes-net. The team was told that someone was going to be speaking at the meeting on Wednesday, and that someone would be hired that day. The person would be expected to be able to speak English and be familiar with Java, Java Bayes, and Python. There would be two positions in the team, one of which would be in finance and the other in software development.
This was the kick off meeting for the new remote control project. Project Manager introduced the aim of the project, which was to produce a remote control that was original, trendy and user friendly. Then, the team got acquainted with each other by drawing their favourite animals on the whiteboard. After that, they discussed the working design, conceptual design and detailed design of the remote control, which would be covered in the next meeting.
User Interface drew a dolphin because he thought dolphins were pretty and they went well with the environment. Marketing drew a cat because it was easy to draw and they slept all day. Project Manager drew a dog because he liked the way they ran and he used to do horse riding and they were sturdy and nice animals.
User Interface suggested that the remote control should have a call button so that users could push it to find their TV. Project Manager agreed and suggested that it could be a little light or a vibrating thing because it was usually under the sofa.
The team agreed that the remote control should be hand-sized. They also agreed that it should not have too many buttons.
Project Manager thought that the telly was already a screen so it would not be expensive to have a programming function on it. However, the cost of the programming function would be determined later.
Project Manager thought that it would be a simple thing to have a clip on the remote control so that users could clip it to their remote control. It would not make their hands sweat a lot.
Project Manager announced that the remote control would be priced at 25 Euros and sold at a profit aim of 4 million Euros. The team would hope to sell the product internationally.
The meeting began with a brief update on the current state of the model. The team was concerned that their model was performing worse on multi-language tasks. The professor informed them that the model performed worse on multilingual tasks than on the task-specific tasks. They were also concerned that they were not getting a good result on the multi-lingual task. They discussed how they could further improve their model by adding more features to the model, such as phonemes within context. They also wanted to know how they were using the LDA to train their models.
PhD D informed the team that the team had done four kinds of testing on different languages. The first testing was with task data. The second test was trained on a single language with broad features. The third test was using the three language database. The fourth test was excluding from these three languages the language that was the task language.
PhD D explained that the multilingual model performed better on the task-specific version of TIMIT than on the multi-lingual version. However, the model performed worse on multilingual tasks.
The professor thought that it was not so much that the model got hurt because it didn't have so much representation of English, but that it might simply be a case that they had something that was just much more diverse. He thought that the difference between three and four was not particularly great, so that whether the language was in or not was not such a big deal.
The team discussed how they could reduce the number of outputs of the neural network by adding more features to the model. The professor pointed out that the model was performing worse on the multi-lingual task than on the task-specific task. The team thought that they could add more features, like phonemes within context, which would allow the model to perform better on the multilingual task.
Grad G asked if they had the big new IBM machine. The professor informed the team that they did. It was a little tiny IBM machine that might someday grow up to be a big IBM machine, with eight processors and a nice amount of memory.
The professor thought that it was a good idea to detect silence because it would give a better word error result and therefore would help within an evaluation. The team thought that the delay was within the boundaries of the standard, but they didn't know whether this would actually be in a final standard.
This was the third meeting of the remote control project. First of all, Industrial Designer and User Interface gave individual presentations about the progress they had made. Then, Project Manager introduced the agenda for the meeting. The meeting mainly discussed the energy source, the casing, the buttons, the corporate identity, the colour, the material, and the product evaluation. After that, the team discussed the material and the shape of the case. Finally, the meeting ended with a discussion about the final design of the product.
The group decided to use the regular chip instead of the advanced one. The energy source would be conventional batteries and the solar cell would be supplementary. The material of the case would be rubber with a single curve. The corporate identity should be in the product in grey and yellow.
Industrial Designer suggested that the remote control should be curved in two dimensions, with a scroll-wheel and double scroll-wheels. User Interface suggested that they could make a round an oval remote control in yellow. Project Manager thought that the rubber case should be made of rubber and the rubber should be spongy. In terms of the material, the group agreed to use rubber because it was soft and organic. The group also discussed the energy source. They decided to use traditional solar power and conventional batteries.
The team decided to use rubber because it was spongy and the feel of the material had to be natural. They also decided to skip the titanium stuff because the market was different and the younger group liked more colourful objects.
When discussing remote control style, Industrial Designer pointed out that double-curved design would be too dull for the customers, so the team decided to stick with the single-cornered design because it was the best of two worlds. In addition, it would add a little extra high-tech feeling to the remote control because it would be curved.
User Interface suggested that the remote control could have a scroll-wheel and scroll-wheels could also be integrated with buttons. Industrial Designer suggested that they could make four push-buttons in a form of a round with the four buttons. Project Manager agreed and suggested they could use plastic buttons instead of rubber.
User Interface thought there was no possibility for the remote control to use scroll-wheels because it was too dull. Industrial Designer thought it was possible to integrate a scroll-wheel with a regular chip, but Project Manager was not sure about this because the manufacturing department was not so advanced in its techniques. Project Manager also pointed out that the voice function with infrared issue was very unlogical because most infrared remote controls don't have to be pointed at all.
Industrial Designer pointed out that LCD was not flashy and new and the market did not like flashy technology because it was less standard. Project Manager agreed and added that the team did not know much about the financial part. Therefore, they decided not to use LCD displays because they were not sure about the cost.
This was the Children, Young People and Education Committee, and it was a further evidence session on the inquiry into the status of the Welsh baccalaureate qualification. First of all, Dafydd Evans, the chair of ColegauCymru, and Kay Martin, the chief executive officer of Grŵp Llandrillo Menai, and Nick Brazil, who is deputy principal, Gower College Swansea, also representing ColegaCylru, gave evidence. Then, Sian Gwenllian AM raised a question about how comparable the Wales bac was to other qualifications, and whether it was fair to say that there had been occasions when people had come presenting those pieces of paper but actually showed none of the skills that they were supposed to have. The answer was that it was not a case of squeezing things out. It was an option of one of the choices—they had a large choice—and they were just making the assumption all learners were getting all the correct advice and guidance from all the institutions. Therefore, it was comparable, as long as it was right for the learner's future.
According to Dafydd Evans, most employers in Wales are small or microbusinesses. And while there are lots of small engaged employers who have taken an interest and do understand, the vast majority are more focused on getting on with the day-to-day running of the business. They certainly don't mention the Welsh baccalaureate and, as a result, are very much questioning the qualifications that have been provided to develop the actual professional skills needed within the industries.
According to Ed Evans, most employers in Wales are small or microbusinesses. They certainly don't mention the Welsh baccalaureate and, as a result, are very much questioning the qualifications that have been provided to develop the actual professional skills needed within the industries. And the only way they'll get employer buy-in is if they feel ownership of what's being done.
Dafydd Evans thought the voice of employers should be a key part of the review, so that employability skills and entrepreneurial skills have more of a role within the qualification. And the only way they'll get employer buy-in is that if they feel ownership of what's being done.
According to Dafydd Evans, one of the problems is that there are a number of priorities. The Welsh baccalaureate is a combination of qualifications; it's not just one qualification. It's a valid priority for the Welsh Government for everyone to get a C grade in the core subjects. However, if getting the qualification is how they get the money, then they can see why schools—well, and indeed colleges—might be tempted to go for it. So, it needs to be reviewed, to look at how they could make skilled and employable people.
Kay Martin (principal of Cardiff and Vale College) thought that the Welsh baccalaureate helped to prepare learners for employment, but it was not for everyone because some people had to do the other things. In the college, they had several different programmes going on with employers and the baccalaurate was one of them but it's not the one that engages employers the best, certainly in our college. So, it needs to be reviewed, to look at how we could make skilled and employable people.
Dafydd Evans (chair of ColegauCymru) and Nick Brazil (deputy principal) thought that one of the problems was that they had a number of children coming in to the colleges, and they needed to resit their GCSEs—in maths, English and Welsh. So, the Welsh baccalaureate was a combination of qualifications. However, if getting the qualification was how they got the money, then they might be tempted to go for it. Therefore, no, they didn't think that employers understood the value or what they were trying to achieve through the bac at present.
According to Kay Martin, they don't think they do, especially the experience they have with some of their learners to go to Russell Group universities. But some of the universities are not valuing the Welsh baccalaureate. It is valued by them and they accept it, but when people go further afield—and they're always trying to push our learners beyond. They are a little bit too focused on the academic side of things.
Nick Brazil (deputy principal) thought that it was mixed, and it depended on the admissions tutors and the areas that they were going into in universities. In some areas, and certainly the local universities around here—University of South Wales, Cardiff Metropolitan University—value it in a great number of subjects, particularly in sport, when the students go to Cardiff Met, and business studies, when our learners go to USW. It is valued by them and they accept it, but when people go further afield—and we're always trying to push our learners beyond—they do not value the Welsh bac.
According to Dafydd Evans, it was mixed. In some areas, and certainly the local universities around here—University of South Wales, Cardiff Metropolitan University—value it in a great number of subjects, particularly in sport, when the students go to Cardiff Met, and business studies, when our learners go to USW. But some of the universities are not valuing the Welsh baccalaureate. It is valued by them and they accept it, but when people go further afield—and we're always trying to push our learners beyond.
According to Dafydd Evans, training is required regarding the Welsh baccalaureate, but where they are seeing it more successfully is where vocational lecturers have actually taken it on board. Therefore, no, they think that if it's going to be a success, it's got to be contextualised, and for the vocational lecturer to do that.
Dafydd Evans (chair of ColegauCymru) said that training was required regarding the Welsh baccalaureate, but where they were seeing it more successfully was where vocational lecturers had actually taken it on board. Therefore, no, he thought that if it was going to be a success, it had got to be contextualised.
Nick Brazil (deputy principal) thought that the number of the skills and the challenges that were done within the Welsh baccalaureate were done very similarly within the vocational qualification as well. Therefore, if it was going to be a success, it had to be contextualised, and for the vocational lecturers to do that.
The Children, Young People and Education Committee met to scrutinize the Welsh Government's progress in developing the new curriculum for Wales. Kirsty Williams AM, Minister for Education, and Steve Davies, director of the education directorate, and Claire Bennett, deputy director for curriculum and assessment, respectively, gave an overview of the current situation and the progress of the process. The meeting was mainly about the assessment of pupils for their own progression and the evaluation of how a school did at certain points in its life cycle. The committee also discussed the evaluation and assessment proposals of the curriculum, which were expected to be published in January 2020. In terms of the assessment, there were mixed views on the inclusion of a range of faiths and world religions included in that area of learning. There was a need to modernise the curriculum; some people perceived the current curriculum as a bit old-fashioned. And also there was much feedback on making sure that the profession was ready to deliver a renewed, modernised RE curriculum.
According to Kirsty, the original proposal that they began working on was to provide for the four purposes. Then, below that, they were going to legislate for a number of the cross-curricular aspects—so, the literacy, the numeracy and the digital competency. They would also be looking to include in the legislation provision for a statutory framework setting out their approach to progression in each of the AoLE areas.
Kirsty Williams AM explained that the original proposal that they began working on was to provide for the four purposes—the four purposes would be set out in the legislation—as well as putting in law the areas of learning and experience that you'll all be familiar with. Then, below that, they were going to legislate for a number of the cross-curricular aspects—so, the literacy, the numeracy and the digital competency. They would also be looking to include in legislation provision for a statutory framework setting out their approach to progression in each of the AoLE areas. Finally, they would make a statutory provision for the 'what matters' statements. These were the broad concepts of what matters, what we believed matters, in that area of learning, and it was that that they would now actually put into the legislation. The idea was to make sure that those were consistent and then that still left huge flexibility underneath as to how to approach those, which particular topics to select in how to actually teach them.
According to Kirsty, the 'what matters' are the articulation of the big ideas. They were always intended to represent, as a whole, the learning that every learner should get. So, the two main new areas that they are now working on to include within the Bill are to ensure that there is breadth within the curriculum for everybody. They'll also be looking to include in the legislation provision for a statutory framework setting out their approach to progression in each of the AoLE areas.
According to Kirsty Williams, the government valued the work done by the Wales Institute of Social and Economic Research, Data and Methods and the presentation so far and the paper to be presented by Dr Nigel Newton. They needed more research into Welsh education, not less. Therefore, they found their papers really helpful and help them to inform their work.
The WISERD research suggested that the senior management teams would certainly buy into what Kirsty Williams AM had just said, but the classroom teachers would be a little bit more sceptical. The reason was that they did have to make this distinction between assessment for learning and an accountability in the system, otherwise they drive a set of behaviours that had negative unintended outcomes.
The first thing to realise was that the curriculum was not a copycat of the Scottish curriculum, but it was always useful to reflect on how other systems had undertaken curriculum reform in their nation and to learn from any issues that had arisen. The second thing to realize was that they were not doing this to their profession, they were doing it with their profession. The third thing was that a huge amount of thinking had gone on into the practical support that could be given to schools, not just in engaging with the curriculum now, but then how they would take it and think about then developing it in their schools. The fourth thing was to look at some of the practices that other countries used to include pupil voice to find out what's happening.
According to Kirsty, it was the largest investment in professional learning since the history of devolution. The money was being made available to each and every school and empowered headteachers to really think, 'What are the professional needs of my school and the practitioners in my school?' Because, as we've just heard from Claire, there are some schools that have been part of the pioneer process from the very beginning and therefore are further along that development chain. There are other schools that maybe are only beginning now, now that it's published, to be really engaging with the curriculum. So, investing in the profession is absolutely crucial.
Dawn Bowden AM asked about the amount of money that was announced for supporting teachers for the preparation of the implementation. Kirsty Williams AM answered that it was the largest investment in professional learning since the history of devolution. The money was being made available to each and every school and had empowered headteachers to really think, 'What are the professional needs of my school and the practitioners in my school?' Because, as we've just heard from Claire, there were some schools that had been part of the pioneer process from the very beginning and therefore were further along that development chain. So, there was going to clearly be an ongoing programme of preparation development and personal development, as well as anything else.
According to Kirsty, all of the schools that had previously been pioneers were invited to apply to morph into the next phase, which is innovation schools, and they were asked to apply and there was a discussion held both internally within Welsh Government and with the consortia about which schools were best placed to be able to do that role and to continue to work with us, going forward. The innovation schools have led to a very specific piece of work as they do the final refinement, and their main role is working with us on these final refinements to the content but also to the assessment issues and accountability issues. Each school that participates in the innovation schools programme gets £30,000. And they don't have a roll-call against all schools, but they require them or request of them that they keep us informed of the networks.
Kirsty Williams AM explained that children's rights, human rights had been key considerations throughout the design, and this was currently set out in overarching guidance and they continued to work with the children's commissioner's office to map the rights of the child across each area of learning and experience. The output of that engagement and feedback had been drawn together into a report exploring learners' views about schools and learning.
According to Kirsty Williams, it was really important that whatever resources they had to support the Welsh dimension were really, really broad and not confined to specific areas. The continuum for language would have to be contextualized depending on the setting where a child was being taught. There would be progression points on that continuum that would be there to show progression both in Welsh language and in the English language.
According to Kirsty, the continuum for language would have to be contextualised depending on the setting where a child was being taught. Children learning Welsh in a Welsh-medium school, their progressional on that point would be more speedy and quicker, and by the end of primary school they would be in a very different position than a child that was learning English in an English-medium School. Therefore, there would be progression points on that continuum that would be there to show progression both in Welsh language and in the English language.
This meeting was about twenty-five minutes long. Project Manager first introduced the agenda of the meeting. Then, the group discussed the three steps of making the remote control, the functional design, the conceptual design, and the detailed design. The group agreed to make a universal remote control for 25 Euros. The production cost were about half the price of selling price, so they had to use a big market in Europe. After that, the team talked about the size and shape of the remote controls. The team agreed to keep it like a square, but the strength was not as good as a normal remote control.
The group agreed that the remote control should be original, trendy and user-friendly. It should not be too big, because it had to have a lot of functions, but it should be big enough for the buttons they have. The infrared thing should be from a good quality, so that it could be used from everywhere in the room. The remote control could be made to fold open, but they had to look at the price now.
The Project Manager thought that the remote control should be made of good quality so that it could be used from everywhere in the room, and the infrared thing must be from very good quality. The remote control also had to be made special so that kids and elderly could use it.
When discussing the possible advanced techniques on the remote control, the Marketing pointed out that it would be hard to make it fold open and to look like a remote control because remote controls are most things in the house that falls down on the ground and it get often broken, so the strength is not as good as a normal remote control. Also, the Industrial Design thought that the remote controls should be made to be universal so that kids and the elderly could use it.
Industrial Design suggested that the remote control could be made to fold open so that the basic things could be put on top and the TV channels one two three four as a block, and then the volume obviously on top so that users could see.
The remote control would have the basic things on the same place, like on off button on top and the TV channels one two three four as a block, and the volume obviously on top, so that users can see. On the other hand, the buttons that users did not use that often would be on different places, such as the power button and the menu button. The remote control should not be too big or too small, because it had to have a lot of functions.
The User Interface suggested that the basic things on the remote control should be on the same place, like the TV channels one two three four as a block, and then the volume obviously on top so that users can see. The rest of the buttons should be clear and not used that often.
The meeting began with a brief update on the progress of the meeting recording project. The team was getting more space on the current disk, but was concerned that they were running out of space. The professor suggested that they should consolidate Meeting Recorder onto one disk rather than spreading them out. The meeting ended with a discussion about the future direction of the project, and the team discussed how they could further expand the corpus by collecting more data from different types of meetings.
Future meeting recordings should be made in a variety of domains, including speech, non-speech, acoustic, and non-acoustic, as well as speech-related topics such as language, disfluencies, and disfluency. It would also be helpful to have a fair amount of data that is collected for the same meeting, so that the corpus can be used for multiple purposes.
Grad B suggested that the team should advertise to linguistics grad students to get more people who have proficiency enough in English. Postdoc E disagreed, pointing out that it would be hard to get a mixed bag of speakers because the habits are already burnt in.
The team discussed the location of the recording equipment and the possibility of moving the equipment to another location. The meeting facilitator suggested that they could set up the equipment in the linguistics department, but the team was concerned that the space would not be available. The team also discussed whether they could move the equipment into the phonology lab, which is located on campus.
Grad B suggested that they could set up a room in the linguistics department to record meetings. However, the professor pointed out that space was really scarce in CS. The professor also suggested that one of them could go up there once a week to record the meeting or something rather than bringing all the equipment down.
Grad B informed the team that they were slowly getting to the point where they had enough space to record meetings. However, they needed to consolidate Meeting Recorder onto one disk rather than spreading them out. They were also looking into other vendors.
One way would be to move the Aurora data onto the Broadcast News disk. The team was getting a new disk rack and four thirty-six gigabyte disks, but that was not going to happen instantaneously.
This was the second meeting of the new remote control project. First of all, the group discussed the last meeting's points, such as the necessity to make a universal remote control for kids and elderly. Then, the team discussed the working design of the remote control. The group decided to make it simple and to stand out by the looks of it. They also agreed to make some nice features such as a different colour or different shape. Finally, they discussed whether to use speech recognition or not.
Marketing used a marketing report on the site to present the functional requirements. Seventy-five percent of the users found most remote controls ugly and eighty percent of users would spend more money when a remote control would look fancy. The new product should reach a new market with customers younger than forty than forty because they were more critical about where they spend their money money at. The product should be flashy and popular so that it could stand out by just looks of it. Users should be able to find the remote control easily in the dark. There should be a home station for it to recharge the batteries or to find it quickly. The remote control should only be used for television. It should be made for kids and elderly because they only have TV functions on it.
Marketing pointed out that younger people under the age of forty were more interested in new features because they were critical and more critical. However, older people did not want to spend a lot of money on new features, because they wanted to keep the old things the old way. Therefore, Marketing suggested that the new remote control should only be used for television, which was not reachable for twenty-five Euros.
Marketing suggested that the remote control should only be used for television, especially when users only have TV functions on it. However, User Interface pointed out that older people are more critical about where they spend their money money at than younger people, so the new product should reach a new market with customers are the younger than forty.
The group discussed the technical function design of the remote control. Firstly, the user interface designer gave a presentation on the technical requirements of the product. The group agreed to keep it simple and to use the standardised methods on all remote controls. Then, the marketing designer gave an example of a universal remote control that was designed to be used with all the TVs. The team agreed to make it more like a mobile phone and to stand out by the looks of it. Then the group talked about the working design of a chip that produced patterns to the infrared bulb and the LED light on the chip. They decided to make the chip a bit more intelligent than the standard one. Finally, the group discussed whether to add a home station for remote control to recharge the batteries or not.
This meeting was mainly about the prototype of the new remote control. First of all, Industrial Designer and User Interface gave a presentation about the basic elements of the remote control, including the look-and-feel model, the buttons, the colour, the backlight, the logo, and the layout of the buttons. Then, Marketing gave an evaluation of the prototype based on the research about the new needs and the market. After that, Project Manager gave a final report about the budget of the project, which was 12.3 Euros. Next, the team evaluated the prototype by drawing out a list of necessary necessary items. The team gave a score of one to seven for each of them. For example, the prototype was learnable, but it was not as fast as a usual remote control
Marketing firstly evaluated the prototype from one to seven. The prototype scored a one for look-and-feel, a two for innovation, and a three for learnability. Then, the team evaluated the model on the following criteria: speech function, scroll wheel, backlight, slide, colour, shape, material, material used, function, shape of buttons, and material used. The average score for each criterion was two.
Marketing thought the scroll wheel was very handy, but the first time the user got the remote control in his hands, it was not easy to use. User Interface thought the rest of it was very clear what it all did. The second parts, like speech, etcetera, would be harder to learn.
Marketing made some criteria from one to seven and gave an average score to each of them. The average score was given for the look-and-feel, the speech function, the backlight, the slide, the lighting, the colour, the shape, the material, the buttons, etc.
The drawing board was old fashioned and slow to draw on, so the team decided to use a mouse instead of the drawing board. The team also discussed the production cost of the sample speaker. The cost was 12.3 Euros, which was within the budget. However, the team did not have enough time to design the inside as well, so they had to use the advanced chip for speech recognition.
User Interface thought that the team got the wrong information at the wrong time. They didn't know how many buttons were required, or what kind of buttons. Also, they didn't have enough time to design the inside as well.
This meeting was mainly about the evaluation of the prototype of the remote control. First of all, Industrial Designer and User Interface gave a presentation on the prototype. The prototype had a plastic body with a standard colour and a black and white LCD touch screen. The top screen would have all of all of the available functions for for the remote on it, whereas the bottom screen would just contain the standard buttons, like the volume up and down, channel change and power on and off, and things to that effect. Then, Marketing presented the evaluation findings. The remote control had the highest rating of meeting the specifications that was definitely true for two of the six criteria. It incorporated current fashion trends and was easy to locate. The lowest rating was for the minimisation of repetitive strain injury. It was
The group agreed that the new remote control should incorporate current fashion trends, incorporate spongy texture and fruit and vegetable strong design colours, minimise RSI and be easy to locate. They also agreed that voice recognition should be incorporated into the remote control, but they were still slightly ambivalent as to whether to use voice recognition there, though that did seem to be the favoured strategy.
Marketing thought that the incorporation of current fashion trends in the prototype was a good idea, especially in relation to the market research findings about the spongy texture to the exterior and the fruit and vegetable design colours. However, he doubted if the company could actually do much more to minimise the risk of repetitive strain injury on such a small device.
The type of button that they were going to use in the bottom half, the material, minimised RSI because it was slight. With the amount of stuff they were putting on the remote control, it was not moving around trying to hit accurately the buttons in between. Also, the spongy feel was no problem with that.
The group discussed the cost calculation and budget issues. The cost of the remote control was 12.5 Euros, which was within the budget. The group decided to use a kinetic battery instead of the kinetic one, and they would add a stand-by function to cover the cost. They would also have to increase the price that it would be sold at. They also decided to incorporate voice recognition into their design until they could find out more about the cost of things like that.
User Interface thought that the replacement of the kinetic batteries would not make a huge difference because customers never said anything about the battery. Besides, people were used to buying batteries.
Industrial Designer thought it was feasible to incorporate voice recognition into the remote control. Marketing thought it would be quite loud and easy to locate. Project Manager agreed and pointed out that customers were used to buying batteries, so they could adjust the volume on the voice recognition just as they could volume on TV.
This was the Children, Young People and Education Committee's sixth evidence session for their inquiry on education otherwise than at school. The meeting started with a question from Lynne Finch-Saunders AM about the reasons for the increase in the number of children and young people being excluded from school. Then, the team members answered some questions about the support currently provided, both in a school setting and EOTAS settings for mental health support. The team members also answered some more questions about school accountability measures, including whether they were having an impact on the numbers of exclusions. Finally, the meeting ended with a discussion about the future of the inquiry.
According to Sharon Davies, they were all aware of the funding issues and the challenges of funding that face schools in general. In Torfaen, they knew that they had schools that were looking at their funding—they were behind, and they had to make these hard choices. And sometimes, the Government didn't think about the staff in the pupil referral units, because they had gone back to the Government to tell them, 'Right, you've provided money to school staff, but what about staff that need training—perhaps more than the school sector?' And in fairness, they had addressed that, but perhaps it was not at the forefront of their minds when they were thinking of providing funding to the schools.
David Hopkins thought that the new Act would put pressure on local authorities and schools, but also on the post-16 sector, because they were talking now about a wider age range—doing up to 25 as well.
According to David Hopkins, the very narrow measure at the end of key stage 4 attainment, which had put pressure on some schools, certainly, and headteachers had felt that—sometimes excluded, or otherwise put into another school as a consequence, which was regrettable, but that's what's happened. The ALN legislation would put pressures on, not just local authorities and schools, but also on the post-16 sector, because they were talking now about a wider age range—doing up to 25 as well. So, there were financial pressures there, but I don't think the levels of delegation have any impact on that.
According to Nick, one of the things that has improved a lot is the networking within the PRU sector. They meet on a regular basis, and that's nationally. And the EOTAS group meets regionally as well. There's definitely a better sharing of practice. And they're talking about professional learning for any teacher or provider, or it's sometimes the more informal training they receive by making visits, joint visits, to provision and also using the expertise that they do have within the sector to work more closely with our schools, particularly around the curriculum.
The most challenging learners are the ones who are coming to the end of their statutory education, their key stage 4. It is far, far more difficult when they're 15, 16 to get them back into mainstream. So, then they're looking more at how they transit, then, into further education and colleges and so on. It comes back to that team-around-the-family approach, to ensure what is needed for that learner to go back into school, what can the school provide.
According to Nick, one of the things that has improved a lot is the networking within the PRU sector. The team-around-the-family approach, to ensure what is needed for that learner to go back into school, what can the school provide. It's looking at the whole package of support, then, that surrounds not just the learner but the family, whether it's transport. Then there are the policies that the school uses to assure that there is consistency across the whole school.
According to Sharon Davies, local authorities know about the level of EOTAS provision that is organised by individual schools, whether in an FE college or otherwise off the school site. However, they are struggling sometimes for additional provision, which is very important around safeguarding. Therefore, they need to perhaps think about how the staff in that sort of additional provision—what sort of training and support they have.
In Torfaen, the secondary schools have set out their own TCP—Torfaen curriculum panel—which looks at alternative provision. Local authorities have got senior leaders there who attend those meetings. It is quality assured, if you like, by two sides. It's just quality assuring the provision.
According to Nick Williams, as a local authority, they were restricted on how much access they could get into the home. Therefore, it was really difficult then to quality assure, because unless the families invited them in there was very little. However, there was a need to look at the system holistically to be more prepared to deal with challenging behaviour. In terms of access to mental health services, they knew that they were following a strict timetable or whatever, and they were trying to get them into their provision like that, but they were not entirely sure of how good the support was at schools. They were restricted in that respect.
According to Sharon Davies, the biggest challenge is the capacity. At the moment, a newly qualified teacher can't work in this type of provision, because if they take them out of the provision, it's difficult for perhaps a supply teacher to come in and manage that class because of the demands. There really isn't the capacity for them to access professional training. Therefore, they need a group of people in the future to fill those gaps. They need to be more informed as a profession.
The biggest challenge was the capacity. At the moment, a newly qualified teacher can't work in this type of provision, which is fine, they need to perhaps get mainstream first. But in the past, there might well have been some staff who perhaps hadn't had those school experiences and vice versa. Therefore, they needed a group of people in the future to fill those gaps. It's more than just one person—it's the whole training package that goes around that capacity as well.
The transport for EOTAS learners in rural areas was a big issue, especially in Powys, when they were almost in Oswestry, down to Ystradgynlais, which was not far from me. The distances that those learners were having to travel were huge. They had got provision in the north and south of the county, but they were still talking about north of Powys. Also, for them as well they had reinvigorated their managed move provision and discussion. They were quite happy to look at that.
This meeting was mainly about the target group and the functions of the remote control. First of all, Project Manager introduced some new project requirements. Second, the group decided that they should not support teletext in the remote because the board felt that teletext was out of date and internet was replacing teletext. Third, they should focus on customers that are younger than forty, which was important for Ruud and as well for Roo because the product should be interesting and and should be bought by people younger than 40.
User Interface proposed to design an easy-to-use remote control with only a volume and a programme button and some fancy lights. Industrial Designer proposed to use a round button which could be pushed in four directions instead of a stick. Project Manager agreed and suggested that the remote control should be easy to use with not so many buttons. However, Industrial Designer pointed out that teletext was out of date and internet was replacing teletext so they could not implement it in their product.
Industrial Designer thought that the ten digits would be a bit costly, so he suggested a split mode. However, the power saving power saving would be more difficult, so they could expect a less longer life to the batteries.
User Interface preferred an easy-to-use remote control with fewer buttons and fancy lights. He thought that teletext was out of date and internet was replacing teletext, so the remote control should only be used for television.
Industrial Designer thought there were no technical difficulties with the remote control because there was no elaborate technique used in this kind of equipment. However, the group did not agree on whether to implement teletext because the board felt that teletext was out of date and the internet was replacing teletext. Project Manager thought they should use a rechargeable design or a energy-save design. The group also agreed to use a low-cost circuit board for the circuit board because most of the production cost were in this part of the equipment. Then the group talked about the sound signal, from where to execute the sound and how to separate the clapping sound from other sounds. Industrial Designer pointed out that there were many other sounds which were exactly the same from the point of view from a remote control.
Industrial Designer proposed to use a base station next to the TV, which would charge the remote control when it was left in a light room. However, Project Manager pointed out that this would be very costly, so Industrial Designer suggested to use something else. User Interface proposed to design a central point to which they could go and perform some kind of task, like turning on and off the lights.
Industrial Designer pointed out that almost every piece of equipment used to control TV sets was controlled infrared. Therefore, the team should use energy-friendly components. In terms of cost-effectiveness, they should really use a very low-cost circuit board because most of the production cost were in this part of the equipment. Also, they could use fancy lighting techniques, blinking LEDs and all that kind of fancy stuff.
This meeting was mainly about the detailed design of the remote control. First, the group discussed the material they would use and what kind of chip would be necessary. Then, they talked about the size of their remote control and how they could make it hand-holdable and not too big. Finally, they discussed the evaluation criteria and how the team could improve on them.
Industrial Designer gave a prototype presentation of the remote control, showing the wheel that was used to change channels or volume or whatever, the power button, and the more advanced iPod-like button. The remote control would be made of plastic with a squishy spongy rubbery feel, and it would be interchangeable. It would be possible to change the colour, according to the living room or whatever. There would be buttons in different shapes, but they would annoy people if they got used to having the buttons in one shape.
Industrial Designer thought the wheel would probably be bigger because some of these remote controls were not as easy to hold. User Interface suggested that they could make the touch pad in different shapes, but then that kind of re-designs the whole project. And it would probably cost more to produce because they were irregular.
Industrial Designer thought the prototype making was creatively stimulating. User Interface thought they had come up with a product that was fun and meets all the criteria. Project Manager thought they all worked very well together. They had a democratic process and everyone got to contribute.
Industrial Designer thought the wheel would probably be larger because some of the vegetables were not as easy to hold. Project Manager thought it would be more comfortable to hold if the remote was not too big. User Interface thought the remote could be held in hand better if it was flat.
Industrial Designer thought it was a very democratic process and everyone got to contribute. Project Manager thought his leadership was crap because he didn't know when to start and when to end. But User Interface thought he did a good job leading.
Industrial Designer admitted that he was not a big fan of any Microsoft, PowerPoint or any other presentation materials, so he just used the Unix or the off market, sort of WordPerfect and all these other things. User Interface admitted that his new computer never had WordPerfect so he had to go track someone down who had an old disk and then reinstall it. But he thought it was okay.
The meeting began with a brief introduction to the team and their current work. The team was working on the construction of a tablet-based parser and a generation outputter for their Bayes-net. The professor then introduced the team to the current formalism problem they were working on, which was the construal of objects in the context-free domain. The meeting ended with a discussion about how the construction and simulation approach favored by the team could be applied to other domains, such as the tourism domain.
The thesis is about the construction of a probabilistic relational model that has general, domain-general rules how things are construed in the tourism domain. The idea is to use ontology, situation, user, and discourse models to instantiate elements in the classes of the probabilism relational model to do some inferences in terms of what is being construed as what in the domain.
EML is building up a huge thing in Leipzig. The project is on biocomputation and involves the construction of a building in the shape of DNA. The presentation will be about the SmartKom parser and the generation outputter.
The team discussed how the embodied and simulation approach favored by the EML team could contribute to the understanding of how language understanding works in the human brain. The team also talked about their plans to look at people's brains in a more direct way, which they are planning to do in the near future. The professor mentioned that the plan was to see to what extent the same phenomena with stories about this would be replicated in people.
This meeting was about the conceptual design of the remote control. First of all, the User Interface Designer gave a presentation on the three concepts of the user interface. The first one was easy to use, but with sophisticated functions. The second concept was a fancy controller. The third one was an intelligent controller. Then, the group had a discussion about the component concepts, about the energy, and about the interface. They decided to use solar energy and batteries and to mix the Google controller and the fancy controller with the regular one. They also decided to have a spongy touch and some rubber for the buttons.
The user interface designer introduced three concepts of the remote control. The first one was a Google controller. It was a combination of easy to use and sophisticated functions. The second concept was a fancy controller. The user interface should be cute and attractive. The last one was an intelligent controller.
The user interface designer proposed the concept of intelligent controller because most of the people want to use the remote control to zap between channels, so they will be bored after a while if they do all the time the same gesture. With this advanced features, the product would attract a lot of users.
The project manager disapproved of the concept of intelligent controller because most of the people want to use the remote control to zap between channels, so it would not be easy for them to switch from one modality to another. Moreover, the project manager thought that voice recognition and gesture recognition would be risky because people would get injuries if they used the same gesture all the time, so he thought it was better not to do any intelligent controller and to stay with the Google controller or a fancy controller.
Industrial Designer first introduced the three concepts of the product. The first one was easy to use, but with sophisticated functions. The second concept was a fancy controller. The third concept was intelligent. The user interface should be cute and easy to recognize among a lot of products.
The group agreed that it would be good to have both the classical battery and solar energy alimentation because it would attract all the ecological consumers. Besides, it would add a little bit of the price to the product, but it would also be compensated by the added value.
The team decided to use wood as the material of the remote control because it was natural and resistant to scratches. Also, it was fashionable. Besides, it could be related to how beautiful it was or if people wanted to watch TV in the darkness in the dark.
Marketing did a short anal analysis of the remote control market and found that fancy look and feel was the most important. Users were not so much interested in functional look or feel. They wanted a fancy-looking remote control with fancy features such as speech recognition and gesture recognition. They also wanted it to be technologically innovative and easy to use. At the same time, it was important that it was user-friendly.
The marketing recommended to take into account the trend of fruits and vegetables when designing the remote control because it was what people really wanted. Also, the marketing suggested to have a spongy touch because it would fit with the wooden design.
The team decided that the fancy look and feel of the remote control was the most important and it was important that it was easy to use. The team also agreed that they should give the flexibility to the user and add some kind of other design such as speech recognition and gesture recognition. Besides, they should have confidence in technology because the user was the one who would buy the product.
This meeting was mainly about the conceptual design of the remote control. First of all, the group talked about the look and feel of the new remote control, which was supposed to be fancy and technologically innovative. The group decided to make it look like the iPod and sports and gaming device style characteristics. Then, they discussed the material of the case and the shape of the buttons. They decided to use plastic with a plastic case, with a scroll wheel, and a flashy light. They also decided to put their Real Reaction logo as well on the on the remote controls. After that, they had a discussion about the energy source and the backlight. The energy source would be a normal battery. The backlight would be on the place of the display, but it would not work in the dark room. They had to decide which one they would use for the recharger.
Marketing presented on the market trend. The most important aspect for remote controls was fancy look-and-feel, instead of the current functional look and feel. The second most important feature was that a remote control should be technological innovative. The third one was the aspect of easy to use. The team decided not to make use of LCD or speech recognition.
Marketing thought that fancy look was the most important thing for remote control so they should make it fancy and it looked original. However, Marketing didn't know what spongy meant so he couldn't imagine a soft remote control.
When discussing the technology innovation, User Interface suggested to make the remote control look like iPod and iPod three players instead of ordinary remote controls. The remote control should be bigger and a bit smaller so that the focus gets on these parts and not on there. User Interface also suggested to put speech recognition in it as well.
The team decided to make the remote control look fancy and technological innovative. They would not make use of LCD or speech recognition because they didn't have any information about the cost. Besides, they would not use the flashing flashing light because it was too expensive. The team also decided not to put speech recognition in because it would be too difficult to implement.
Project Manager thought that the shape of the remote should be round and not square. Project Manager wanted the remote control to be more like the iPod and not like the old remote controls.
Industrial Designer thought that the chip could be either a regular one or an advanced one. However, Project Manager thought that it would be a good feature if they put it in because it was a good innovation. Therefore, they decided to put the regular one in.
This meeting was the sixth meeting of the House of Commons Special Committee on the COVID-19 pandemic. The meeting began with petitions from members. The petitioners had asked the government to look at the situation with the Patented Medicine Prices Review Board, which was scheduled to go through some important and potentially detrimental regulatory changes very soon. They also drew attention to the numerous inaccuracies about current firearms legislation and regulation
According to the petitioners, the government should not provide any financial assistance to Canadian airlines until they promptly provide full refunds for flights that were cancelled due to COVID-19. They were asking the same for any foreign airlines that flew to, within or from Canada. The petitioners felt that these Canadians were facing economic hardship and needed a refund. The government was taking a cautious approach to the health and safety of Canadians.
Mr. Gabriel Ste-Marie said that the Prime Minister continued to support the profiteers because it was more about abusive tax evasion and avoidance through tax havens. The five big Bay Street banks benefited from this, as did the big multinationals. However, there were no conditions that would allow the government to tighten the screws on them. The government was taking a cautious approach, and they were working effectively.
Hon. Bill Blair believed that the Iver Johnson single-shot rifle was a standard farm gun used by many farmers in his riding, in fact, passed down from generation to generation in some cases. Therefore, it was a great opportunity to hear what the police were saying. The Ontario police leaders said that they supported a prohibition on all military-designed rifles. They said that these weapons had no place in our communities and should be reserved for use by Canada's military and law enforcement.
Hon. Deb Schulte introduced that the government had been working to support seniors since the very beginning of this pandemic. A one-time, tax-free payment of $300 for seniors eligible for OAS and an additional $200 for those eligible for GIS would be introduced. Beyond this, the government announced $20 million to expand the new horizons for seniors program to kick-start initiatives and services that would help seniorsfor example, to get grocery deliveries right to their door and to stay connected.
Ms. Jenny Kwan said that there was a gap between program making and its implementation. Instead of providing a universal direct payment for all, the government had decided to implement a complicated program that left many people behind. The government had moved in the most rapid and simplest possible way in providing income replacement to millions upon millions of Canadians who needed it through the Canada emergency response benefit. However, as the member pointed out, when one moves quickly and efficiently, there would be gaps, and that's why they had been working diligently to try to fill those gaps.
Hon. Deb Schulte (Minister of Seniors) introduced additional measures today wherein they were introducing a one-time special payment for those who receive OAS. This means there would be up to $500 for the most vulnerable seniors to help them with their financial security to get through this challenging time. Beyond this, the government announced $20 million to expand the new horizons for seniors program to kick-start initiatives and services that would help seniorsfor example, to get grocery deliveries right to their door and to stay connected.
Hon. Mlanie Joly (Minister of Economic Development and Official Languages) introduced that the government had had the opportunity to speak to my colleague Mr. D'Entremont about solutions to assist people in the tourism sector all over the country, and particularly in the Atlantic region. In light of the new funding for the Atlantic Canada Opportunities Agency, ACOA, I would be happy to work with him and with the leaders of the tourist sector.
The tourism season was already deeply affected by COVID-19. Many people had lost their jobs and needed assistance from the government. The pain would be felt by thousands of Canadians, who would have to find new jobs in order to survive. In light of the new funding for the Atlantic Canada Opportunities Agency, ACOA, the government would be happy to work with him and with the leaders of the tourism sector.
Hon. Bill Morneau (Minister of Economic Development and Official Languages) introduced that the government had made changes to the CERB to make sure that people who run out of the fishers EI were eligible as well as seasonable workers. The government had also put in place measures to address processors' concerns so that harvesters continue to have a place to sell their product.
The Covid-19 affected a lot of industries, including fishing and tourism, oil and gas affected by the Covid. Many people had lost their jobs and needed assistance from the government. The government was taking a cautious approach, and they were working effectively. They were targeting support to some of the most critical challenges facing the food supply chain. The fishery enterprises were uniquely structured, which was why they were looking at measures to address the concerns they had. In addition, the government was looking at sector-specific areas to make sure that the issues were addressed. The minister assured the committee that they were following public health guidance on this issue in looking to see where they could best assist.
Hon. Bernadette Jordan (Minister of Fisheries, Oceans and the Canadian Coast Guard) introduced that the fish and seafood sector had been extremely adversely affected because of COVID-19. The fishery enterprises were uniquely structured, which was why the government was looking at measures to address the concerns they had. They had put in place measures to ensure that people who run out of the fishers EI were eligible as well as seasonable workers. They were working on direct supports.
Hon. Bill Blair (Minister of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness) introduced that the government was aggressively buying life-saving equipment and supplies that Canada needed, from a diverse range of suppliers around the world and here at home. The government was targeting support to some of the most critical challenges facing the food supply chain. At this point, the primary focus was on front-line health care professionals, but we were also exploring federal government assistance in areas of essential services so that PPE existed where workers needed it.
This meeting was mainly about the detailed design of the remote control. First of all, the group had a presentation by the User Interface Designer and Industrial Designer on the prototype of their product. The prototype was made by clay in yellow and red with a mushroom shape. Then, the team evaluated the prototype by looking at the chip, the energy source, the material, the buttons, the shape, the slogan and the material of the product. After that, they talked about the production cost of their remote control, which was 12.5 Euros. The cost was within the budget, so they decided to keep it at twelve fifty Euros. Next, they discussed the material and the shape of the prototype. The group agreed to have a stable triangle base, a microphone array embedded in the base, and voice recognition. They also agreed to change the electronics to from from the the sample sensor to regular chip and the logo to the double R chip.
The team agreed that the product was made by clay and the colour was yellow and red. The shape of the remote control was shaped like a pineapple with a yellow and yellow centre and a triangle base. The company logo was not in the trend, so the team decided to give it a fancy look and feel. The team also agreed to give the product a cute name, pineapple because it was a pineapple.
The user interface believed that yellow was the company colour and red was more attractive. Therefore, the basic colour should be yellow and red.
The marketing thought that the shape of the product was boring because it was not like the traditional remote controls that people could put in their pocket or in their jacket. The marketing also pointed out that fruit and vegetables were not in the trends at that time, so the marketing did not trust too much the trends.
The group had a product prototype presentation with the evaluation of the fancy look and feel, the shape, the colour, the material, the buttons, the microphone array, the voice recognition, and the production cost. The group agreed to accept the prototype under certain conditions. Then, the group evaluated the product with a one to seven scale, with one being true and seven being false. The average score was three. The product was considered to be okay. The team agreed to have more brainstorming about new products, which would be fashion and yellow.
The group thought the microphone array embedded in the remote control was technologically innovative because it could capture voice from different directions. In addition, there was a microphone array in the core, so the group could turn it on and off to recognize simple vocal comments.
The marketing and the industrial designer thought that the remote control was easy to use because there was a microphone array embedded in the base and the buttons were easy to find. However, the user interface designer pointed out that the turning was difficult because it depended on the angle at which the controller was turned. Also, it was not easy to turn from one to twenty because of the weak point of turning from the base.
The group had a discussion about the industrial design of the remote control. First of all, the group discussed the shape of the product, the colour, the material, the buttons, the microphone array, and the material of the case. Then, they talked about the size of the battery, the shape, the button, the number of buttons and the shape. The group agreed to have a round remote control with a mushroom shape with a microphone array and a stable triangle base. They also agreed to use solar cells for the energy source and to add light inside. Then they discussed the price and the quotation. The quotation was twelve fifty Euros, which was within the budget.
When discussing the cost of the remote control, the group realized that the solar cells were too expensive. So they decided to keep them.
The industrial designer thought it was good to follow the flow and make the product now and after, if the people change their mind, change also the product. For example, the market believed that the traditional remote control was boring because it was flat and the shape was boring. But the industrial designer disagreed with the marketing because it depended on the angle you turned the remote control.
This was the first meeting of the new team. First, Project Manager introduced the project plan and the team got to know each other better by drawing their favourite animals on the whiteboard. Then, the team discussed the functional design of the remote control, conceptual design, what needs need to be fulfilled by the product, how it's actually going to go and detailed design, how they're actually gonna put it into practice and make it work. Finally, the group discussed the selling price and the profit aim for the first year. The selling price was 25 Euros. The profit aim was 50 million Euros.
User Interface suggested that the remote control could have an LCD display or something like that, like a mobile phone, to make it easier to browse and navigate. Industrial Designer agreed and pointed out that it might save a bit of space, but it might also have its cost implications.
Marketing pointed out that on a mobile phone, users could press a key and it gave them a menu, so it might be useful to incorporate a menu display into the design of a remote control. User Interface added that if it was somewhat similar to what users had on mobile phones, people might find it easier to browse and navigate.
Industrial Designer didn't like the new phones that had kind of got a Windows-based running system. Industrial Designer thought that the older generation would have to keep it down to a black and white LCD thing anyway.
Industrial Designer pointed out that there was no reason to make the remote control look as fashionable and stylish as a mobile phone because it could still be made of plastic. However, Industrial Designer did not know if using plastic did make it cheaper.
Industrial Designer suggested that half of the selling price was taken up by building the remote control, so the profit aim was fifty million Euros in the first year. Project Manager agreed, but questioned whether they should undercut the price to make the product look cheapie-cheapie. Marketing insisted that the target group should be international and accessible to all age groups.
Project Manager presumed that the remote control would be sold in the international market like Australia, America, etc. In the first year, the profit aim would be fifty million Euros, which was a huge margin.
This was the second meeting of the new remote control project. First of all, Project Manager went over the last meeting and decided to design a universal control, one handset for all, TV, video equipment. Then, Industrial Designer presented the working design of the remote control. The remote control would have a flip-open design, reducing the size of the control and an electronic panel for further features like programming, things like that. After that, Marketing presented the market research findings. The market research found that seventy-five percent of users found most remote controls ugly. Eighty percent would spend more money when a remote control looked fancy. The marketing also found that users only used ten percent of the buttons. Therefore, they should focus on making the manual as user-friendly as possible.
Industrial Designer proposed to use a rechargeable something on the remote control to reduce the size of the remote. Project Manager was skeptical about this idea because triple A batteries were not the smallest and bulky. However, Industrial Designer pointed out that the rechargeable would be cheaper in the long run as well.
Industrial Designer thought that most remote controls used some form of infrared to send signals to the TV presumably because of the cost issue of something like the same thing that computers use, wireless and they don't need to send very much information. However, Industrial Designer was not sure whether they should look at the size issue because most of them were powered by triple A batteries but those can be quite bulky so he didn't know if they wanted to look at something else so they could shrink down the size of the control.
Firstly, the market research showed that seventy five percent of users found most remote controls ugly. Secondly, the vast majority of the thirty-five and under age group would like a liquid crystal display and speech recognition to aid in when they've lost the actual remote control. Thirdly, the group decided to make a flip-top remote control with a trendy design and a design to appeal to a lot of people.
Industrial Designer thought that it would be quite expensive to incorporate an entire speech recognition thing on the remote control, which would be an advertisement feature rather than design feature.
Industrial Designer recalled that the X-Box had to make two different sized controllers because people in Japan wouldn't buy it because the controller was physically to big. Japanese people have smaller hands so they couldn't get round the controller which was why they needed bigger buttons for some countries and smaller ones for others.
The market research found that users prefer a user-friendly rather than complex remote controls because there are times when people have used a remote control for a year or something and they are not used maybe thirty to forty percent of the buttons so it's not a use of punching in those things in on the top of the remote control and trying to confuse the user. Also, the marketing found that most people only use about ten percent of buttons on the remote controls, so it was a big design issue. Therefore, the team decided to simplify the interaction with TV to make it as simple as possible.
The meeting was primarily about the progress of the meeting transcriptions. The team discussed the reorganization of the directory structure for all of the Meeting Recorder data and the progress on the transcriptions of the SRI recognizer. The meeting also discussed how to further improve the performance of the Switchboard front-end and how to train noise models in the recognizer for these kinds of transients and things that come from the microphones. There was some discussion about how the team could further train the models for background noise and how they could adapt them to the environment. The professor suggested that the team should consider doing some extra things, like retraining or adapting the models to the features of the feature vector and optimizing the weights.
The team was informed that they would have a meeting with DARPA in July and that the transcriptions would be ready to be released to the public by then. The team was also informed that the team would have to submit a proposal to the team to be considered for further funding.
Transcribers have transcribed sixty-two hours of meeting data so far. The team is working on organizing the directory structure for all of the meeting data and getting the meeting information organized.
The transcriptions for the first set of meetings have been transcribed and are in the process of being edited. The average number of speakers per meeting is six, and the total amount transcribed so far is sixty-two hours.
The segmenter is now performing better on automatic segmentation. This change was made because the model was essentially cheating by having the hand-segmentations as the basis of the recognition.
The segmenter is performing well. The experiment is still not complete, but it looks like the warp factors that we computed for the SRI system are working well.
The segmenter is now performing better on automatic segmentation. This change was made because the model was essentially cheating by having the hand-segmentations as the basis of the recognition.
The meeting began with a brief update on the progress of the model. The model was doing better on the high mismatch task, but the performance on the low mismatch task was still not great. The team was concerned that the model was not performing as well as they expected it to on high mismatched tasks. The professor informed the team that the team had submitted an ASRU for the task, which was accepted. The meeting ended with a discussion about how the team could further improve the model by improving the training set.
The team thought that the best way to improve the net was to add more features to the training set. They were getting better recognition using LDA, but they were not able to increase the number of Gaussians or anything to match anything. The professor thought that they should focus on improving the net.
The professor thought it was a good idea to try the neural net without the side features. He recalled that the model performed better on the well-matched and the mismatched conditions, but it got worse on the highly mismatched.
The most noisy cases were the distant microphone for testing. The team thought that the model was better without the neural network, but they had to find a way to improve the model.
PhD C informed the team that the VAD had a fifty-three point sixty-six percent improvement compared to the previous model. The team was pleased with the improvement. The VAD was using MFCC after noise compensation, and the model had one hundred hidden units. The model had a sixty-two percent error rate reduction globally.
The professor thought that the VAD was used for on-line normalization, and it was used before the delta computation. He thought that fifty-three points was better than the previous evaluation, which was fifty-four point five.
PhD C informed the team that the VAD was used for on-line normalization, and it was used before the delta computation. The delta at the input was two hundred and twenty milliseconds. Then there was the neural network which used nine frames. This added forty milliseconds to the latency.
This meeting was mainly about conceptual design of the remote control. First of all, the group discussed the look and feel of the design and user interface design. Then, they discussed the components design. They decided to use standard parts such as the buttons and the wheels, the iPod-style wheel, the radio sender and receiver, the circuit board, and the beeper or buzzer or other sort of noise thing for locating the remote. They also talked about the material of the case and the shape of the material. They agreed to use rubber, plastic, wood or titanium as the material for the case. The group also discussed the material they would use for the cover.
Marketing informed the team that the first thing to aim for is a fancy look and feel. Next comes technologic technology and the innovations to do with that. The last thing is the easy to use factor. The team agreed to go for the fruit and vegetable theme because people like to have a fruit instead of a vegetables in their sitting room. They also agreed to use spongy as the material.
The Industrial Designer said that they would need some custom design parts, and other parts would just use standard. They would need to custom design a circuit board, because the circuit board had to take the button input and send it to the output so they had to design that each time. The infrared L_E_D was actually gonna be included in their circuit board that came with it. They also needed a beeper or buzzer or other sort of noise thing for locating the remote.
User Interface thought that if they were not going to have a screen, they should have some way to get to a mode on the television where users could change the brightness of the television. Industrial Designer thought that they needed a screen with music because people were looking for a specific song or whatever. Project Manager thought they needed to have some kind of a screen. User Interface thought it would seem silly to have this screen if people hardly are ever using it.
Industrial Designer first suggested that they could use batteries, solar power, and a dynamo. However, the solar power was not available with the rubber case and the idea of wind-up was rejected because it was a little weird for a living room. Then, the team discussed the kinetic thing, which was a kinetic thing where you would basically have to wind it yourself. The team then discussed the cost of the kinetic energy. Industrial Designer thought that most of the stuff was pretty cheap though bought in bulk, so it wouldn't be that much of a problem. Then the team talked about the material of the remote control. They decided to use rubber, plastic, wood or titanium.
The Industrial Designer thought that the battery was the best choice because it was the cheapest and solar power was not available with the rubber case anyways. The dynamo was interesting because the moment it moved, it created energy on its own. However, the Industrial Designer did not know the cost because he did not have enough data on the web.
Industrial Designer did not know the cost of the Kryptonite because he did not have enough data to actually calculate the exact cost. The chip was probably the most expensive part because it was stamped onto the chip. However, calculators could mass produce them pretty cheap so it was not that much of a problem.
This was the conceptual design meeting. First of all, the group talked about the design of the actual components and the availability of the components they had in stock at the moment. They decided on leaving out the voice recognition, a flip design and a different shape from what's normal. They also decided to use a combination of plastic and rubber as the main case material and rubber for the rubber cover. Then, they discussed the material of the plastic shell and the materials of the rubber case. The group also discussed the battery and the shape of the case.
The team reached a consensus on the final design of the remote control. They decided on a kinetic battery, a flip design and a different shape from what's normal. They also decided on leaving out the voice recognition, the use of a rechargeable battery and the incorporation of the image of the company into the design. In addition, they decided to have a G-U-I interface in the middle of the flip-top and to use rubber as a padding or for the grip.
In the last meeting, the team reached a consensus on the design of the remote control. They decided on a flip design and a different shape from what's normal. They also decided on leaving out the voice recognition and the kinetic battery. They were going to use fruit and vegetable colours for the rubber cover and rubber as a padding or for the grip. Also, they decided to incorporate the company logo in the design.
The team agreed that the design of the remote control should take inspiration from fruit colours, like the vibrant colours, red chilli and tomato red, and the shape should be different from what's normal. The team also agreed to have a flip design and a different shape from normal. Besides, the team also decided to incorporate the image of the company into the design and to use rubber as a padding or for the grip to add to the design.
The remote control will be made of plastic and rubber with a flip design and a different shape from what's normal. The inside components are pretty standardised across the board and they can be customised for different type of buttons. There will be two types of batteries, standard double A and triple A, and one type of dynamo, which is rechargeable. The kinetic charging will be included in the remote control.
Industrial Designer suggested that the standard double A and triple A batteries were a bit too bulky at the moment and the dynamo charging was a bit silly to be to be honest because people would only use it for a short amount of time just to send the signal and then they were finished with it. In addition, the kinetic charging was not very resistant to dropping because it was basically like wind-up radio.
The team decided to use plastic as the main case material and rubber as a padding or for the grip to add to the design. They would use a combination of rubber and plastic for the inside and rubber for the outside. The team also decided to incorporate the company logo into the design of the remote control, but they did not want it to be obvious that it was their product.
Industrial Designer first showed a picture of the chip used in pretty much every remote control at the moment. The chip was a double-one-eight-five and it sent out standard signals based on the user's input. Then, the group discussed the availability of some of the materials. The group decided to use rubber as a padding or for the grip to add to the design. They also decided to have a G-U-I interface in the middle of the flip-top.
Marketing suggested that people could use their fingers to press the button, or they could have inside like a small pointer thing when people want to. However, Industrial Designer thought they could get lost easily and the rubber would not be comfortable to hold.
Marketing mentioned that there were some mirrors in nightclubs that responded to the turn of the body and gave an advertising display when the user pressed a button. However, the team was not sure about the mirror effect on the remote control because they were marketing to guys as much as they were to women. So they decided to leave that one on the side.
According to Industrial Designer, the chip called T_A_ double one eight three five is what's used in pretty much every remote control. It sends out standard signals based on the input and it's pretty much used for all all TV remotes at the moment. The inside components is pretty standardised across the board. There's no rechargeable option available, so the standard double A_ and triple A_ batteries are the standard. There are two types of batteries, kinetic and conventional.
The market research showed that people were bored of black and white remotes and they wanted something trendy and different. Besides, the market research also showed that there was too much confusion about the design of the normal remotes. So, the new remote should be different from the normal ones. For example, it should have a flip design and a different shape from what's normal. Also, it could have a G-U-I interface in the middle of the flip-top.
Industrial Designer suggested that if the speech recognition feature was not feasible, they could incorporate the company logo in the design. Project Manager agreed and added that they would check into the financial feasibility of incorporating this.
This was the first meeting to generate some ideas about the product they were going to develop. Project Manager started the meeting by introducing the team members and their roles in the project. Then, Industrial Designer and User Interface each gave a presentation about the technical aspects of the remote control. After that, Project Manager led a discussion about the inter operability and the way of communicating with equipments. Finally, the team discussed the cost limitation of the product.
User Interface suggested that the remote control should be able to change the state of the TV by pressing the button. Industrial Designer suggested that infrared should be restricted to infrared because infrared was not really hot technical stuff anymore. User Interface also suggested that it should be a universal remote control for customers to buy just new in a store, so it should fit to every device.
User Interface thought that the remote control should be able to change the state of the TV by pressing the button. User Interface also suggested that the buttons should be made of white and the digits in black so that they would be visible in dark.
Industrial Designer thought a modern remote control should control a diverse subset of equipment, for instance, D-V-D players, cell phones, video and audio equipment. In addition, infrared was not really hot technical stuff anymore, so infrared should be restricted to infrared. Bluetooth could also come in handy.
Industrial Designer suggested that the remote control should be able to work with infrared and Bluetooth. However, Project Manager pointed out that infrared was not really hot technical stuff anymore, so in that case infrared should be restriction to that. User Interface argued that infrared should not be used all the time, but only when it was necessary.
Industrial Designer suggested that one remote control should control a diverse subset of equipment such as cell phones, video and audio equipment. In addition, infrared was not really hot technical stuff anymore, so infrared should be restricted to infrared. Bluetooth could also come in handy. For TV, users were always in the neighbourhood of a TV, so the range should not be a problem.
User Interface knew that Bluetooth was old-fashioned and could not be used all the time, twenty-four hours a day. For TV, users were always in the neighbourhood of a TV, so the range would be limited.