The main discussion points of the meeting were about the mapping of events to the location of speakers. The team was concerned that the mapping was not working as well as they expected it to, and they wanted to figure out how to make it work. They also wanted to know how they could make the mapping more robust. The meeting ended with a brief discussion about how to improve the mapping.
The team agreed to collect a subset of digit forms and transcribe the data. The team also agreed to include a list of speakers' names in the transcriptions.
Speaker overlap was discussed as an area of research that could be explored in the future. The team thought that it would be interesting to look at the overlap between different speakers' speech and non-speech portions of the conversation, such as pauses, pauses, and interruptions, as well as the amount of overlap between speakers.
The team is collecting digit forms and transcriptions from a variety of speakers. The team is also working on mapping the location of speakers to the microphone location.
The team was collecting digit forms to gather information about the location of speakers. The team thought that it would be a good idea to collect a subset of the digit forms. The digit forms would be printed out and given to the speaker, who would then be asked to give their name and the number of the event. The group also wanted to know how long it would take to collect the data.
This meeting was about the conceptual design of the remote control. Industrial Designer, User Interface, Marketing, and Project Manager gave presentations on component design, energy source, case, shape, and user interface respectively. The group made some final decisions on the material of the case, the shape of the buttons, the color of the material, the colour of the chip, and the chip type. After that, the group discussed the energy source and kinetic energy. The team decided to use a combination of both solar cells and conventional batteries, but the kinetic energy was not compatible with the infrared spectrum.
The Industrial Designer first gave a presentation on the components of a remote control. Industrial Designer suggested that the buttons could be multiple scroll buttons, but to use those we would have to use more chips, which would cost more. The Industrial Designer also suggested that infrared could be used to detect the coming spectrum. The User Interface then presented on the idea of kinetic energy. The user interface proposed to use kinetic energy to generate enough energy to keep the remote control running.
Industrial Design agreed with the Marketing that the remote control should not be too big or too small, and that it should be made of plastic or rubber.
The User Interface thought that they should stick to the basic layout of the remote control, like the volume, channel, power button, mute button, volume up/down button, channel down button, and volume up button. They should also keep the number of buttons to a minimum. Also, the User Interface suggested that they could use the infrared as a light source because it was more visible and the infrared was more powerful.
Marketing suggested that the touch screen could be a gimmick because most remotes have many buttons on the infrared spectrum. However, Industrial Designer pointed out that it would be expensive to use more chips and that the kinetic energy source would not be powerful enough to generate enough energy to illuminate a touch screen. The group agreed to look into kinetic energy.
The Marketing thought that the infrared part of the remote control could operate on a different spectrum than the conventional one, and that the kinetic energy was not powerful enough to illuminate a touch screen.
The Industrial Design thought that the shape of the remote control should be simple and the buttons should be small. The User Interface disagreed with the Industrial Design because the User Interface thought that it would be hard to design a remote control that was not too big and too small.
This was the first meeting of the new remote control project team. Project Manager introduced the general plan for the project and the team got acquainted with each other. Then, Marketing introduced the corporate strategy of the remote control, which was to take ordinary stuff that nobody really needed and try to make it nice. Next, the team discussed the tool training, which included getting used to the whiteboard and the PowerPoint. Finally, the group discussed the design of remote controls, including the size, shape, color, and material.
Project Manager thought that the profit should be 25 percent. He thought that if they could make a profit on the remote control, they would be able to expand the company.
The group discussed the functions of the remote control and decided that it should be able to control different kinds of devices, such as TV, DVD player, stereo, DVD recorder, etc. The group also agreed that the remote should be easy to use and easy to find.
The Project Manager thought that the remote control should be made of plastic and the buttons should be easy to find and easy to use. He also suggested that the buttons could be made in different shapes and sizes.
Industrial Designer thought that the appearance of the remote control should be paid due attention when discussing the user interface.
Industrial Designer suggested to name the remote control after the company's logo, which would make it easy for people to recognize it as a remote control.
The group agreed that the remote control should be user-friendly and fashionable. They would try to take stuff that nobody really thinks about and try to make it trendy. The marketing strategy was to take the corporate model and incorporate it into the design of the product.
This meeting was about the working design of the remote control. First, the Industrial Designer gave a presentation on working design. Then, the Project Manager asked Industrial Designer to tell the group about the technical function or functional requirements. After that, the group discussed some new product requirements. The group decided to make a remote control with a chip on top of it, some kind of chip on the bottom, and some buttons on the top. The remote control would be made of plastic, and there would be a lot of wires, wires, and switches in it. Also, it would be only twelve Euro fifty to build it.
Industrial Designer thought that the remote control should be made of plastic because it was not so expensive and there were a lot of wires. Also, he thought that it should have some kind of chip on top to send the signal to the television.
The Industrial Designer first told Project Manager about the working design of the remote control. The remote control was difficult to explain to just all of you because there was a lot of plastic on it, wires, components in it, the battery, and there were switches and things like that. The Industrial Designer also informed Project Manager of the technical function and functional requirements of the product. Project Manager then asked the Industrial Designer to tell what he did to make the remote remote control more user-friendly.
Industrial Designer thought that the cover of the remote control should be made of plastic so that it would not get damaged easily. The team agreed with him.
User Interface suggested that the remote control should be made of plastic, with a small chip on top of it, and some buttons on the top. The remote control could be made with infrared light.
The market research found that the remote control was a very difficult thing to explain to just all of you wh who haven't seen a remote control inside. There was a lot of plastic on it, wires, and there were switches and things like that. Also, the market found that it was difficult to find the remote controls with the right number of buttons. Therefore, the group decided to make it with infrared.
Industrial Designer suggested that the remote control should be made of plastic, with some kind of chip on top of it, some buttons on the top, and some switches on it. Marketing suggested that infrared could be added to make it more user-friendly. Project Manager agreed.
The team agreed that the new product requirements were about the technical function, the functional requirements, and the cost of the remote control. The new requirements were that the chip should be small, the buttons should be big, the battery should be rechargeable, and it should be easy to use. The team also agreed that they should make the chip small so that it would not be too expensive to build.
The functional design meeting was mainly about the working design of the remote control. First, Industrial Designer, User Interface and Project Manager each gave a presentation on their presentations that they had been preparing during the time. Then, Project Manager introduced the new project requirements that were sent to the team, including the target group and functions of remote control, and the group agreed to come up with some kind of decision by the end of the meeting. After that, the group discussed how to integrate the components into the design process and how they work together with each other.
Industrial Designer first gave a presentation on the working design of the remote control. Then, User Interface presented on the technical functions, functional requirements. Finally, Project Manager gave a brief overview of the new project requirements.
Project Manager thought that the advanced technology design would help the remote control to be more user-friendly and would be easier to use.
Industrial Designer thought that the locator would be a good idea because it would be easy to find the remote control. User Interface thought that it would help the user to find it easily. Project Manager agreed and suggested that it could be a useful addition to the remote.
Industrial Designer first gave a presentation on the general requirements of the remote control, including the target group and functions of remote control. The group agreed that they should have a fairly defined group that that they want to focus on. Then, the group discussed how to integrate the components and how they could be integrated together with each other. After that, Project Manager asked the group to come up with some kind of decision on who they were going to be trying to sell this thing to by the end of the meeting.
Industrial Designer thought that the target group should be between 25-35 years old with disposable income. Project Manager agreed and suggested that they should target this group because they were the ones who would be willing to spend a lot of money on a new remote control. However, User Interface pointed out that it would be a good idea to target the younger generation because they would be more willing to pay more attention to the technical aspects.
Project Manager thought that they should try to incorporate voice recognition when discussing general requirements.
This was the functional design meeting of the new project. First, Marketing gave a presentation on what people want and dislike in remote controls. Then, User Interface and Industrial Designer gave presentations on how to design the remote control. Finally, Project Manager gave a brief overview of the requirements of the project. The project manager asked the team to design a remote control that would be easy to use, easy to learn, and easy to lose. The team then discussed the technical functions of the remote controls and how to make it work.
User requirements were summarized by Marketing, User Interface, and Industrial Designer. First of all, Marketing found that most of the buttons on current remote controls are not used, so they should be easy to see and use. Second, most people found it hard to find the buttons. Third, the current facilities that they offer do not match what people really want to use their remote controls. Fourth, users were willing to pay for fancy and look and fancy looking remote controls, so the team should spend lots of time in designing them. Fifth, users wanted to be able to zap the remote controls easily.
The marketing learned that most of the buttons on current remote controls were not used, so it was important for them to be easy to use. Users also found it very important to zap their remote controls.
The marketing thought they should aim at young people because they were willing to pay for fancy and look and fancy looking remote controls.
The group agreed that the remote control should be easy to use and easy to find. The group also agreed that some of the buttons on current remote controls are not used, so they should be modified to make them easier to see and use. Also, the group agreed to design a simple remote control with only the basic functions.
The user interface designer recommended to design the remote control to be user-friendly, so that the buttons which are those that are used should be easier to see and use than others. The remote control should be easy to find and easy to use, and it should not be too big or too small. In addition, it should be able to be used in different rooms.
User Interface suggested that the remote control should be able to select channels. Project Manager thought that it would be a good idea to make it easy for users to find the channel they wanted. However, User Interface pointed out that they should make sure that the channel selection would be easy to find.
The group agreed that the remote control should be easy to use, easy to see and use, and the buttons should be easier to find. They also agreed that some of the buttons on current remote controls are not used, so they should be modified to make them easier to use.
The group agreed that speech recognition was a good idea because it would be easy to use and it would make the remote control more user-friendly. However, the project manager pointed out that it was not clear whether the speech recognition would be able to work in the dark room or in the bright room. So the group decided to keep it simple.
The group agreed that the automatic power control was a good idea because it was easy to use and it would be easy for users to find the remote control. However, the group did not agree on the size of the buttons because they were too small. Also, they did not want it to be too big or too small because they wanted it to fit into a hand-held device.
The meeting was mainly about the progress made on the German SmartKom project. The team had already written the syntax trees for three or four utterances that the German system can do, and they were writing the tree adjoining grammar for some  some sentences. They were also working on the synthesis module, which was feeding the whole syntactic structure of the German language into the generation module. The group discussed how to reduce the number of nodes in the generation tree, and how to make it smaller. They also discussed how they could make the system easier to learn.
The meeting was mainly about the progress made on the German SmartKom project. The team had already written the syntax trees for three or four utterances that the German system can do, and they were writing the tree adjoining grammar for some  some sentences. They were also working on the synthesis module, which was feeding the whole syntactic structure of the German language into the generation module. The group discussed how to reduce the number of nodes in the generation tree, and how to make it smaller. They also discussed how they could make the system easier to learn.
SmartKom system was not easy to learn. The system was slow to learn new utterances. The team had to learn how to deal with different kinds of speech recognition problems. For instance, it was hard to distinguish between speech and non-speech utterances in the German system. Also, the system would not recognize the difference between the two languages.
The system would be able to generate demos for the German SmartKom system. The demos would be based on the Greet-the-Person goal, which is the goal of the dialogue manager. The goal is to give the system what it needs to pronounce things better. The demo would be a speech recognition system.
The demo would be a simple one-on-one conversation between two people. It would start with a greeting goal and then move on to the Greet-the-Person goal. After that, the dialogue manager would generate the whole syntactic structure of a given utterance, which would be fed into the generation module. Then, the module would generate a subset of the utterances that are suitable for speech recognition, which will be fed to the synthesis module.
This was the conceptual design meeting. First, the industrial designer gave a presentation on the component concept, including the energy source, the material and interface. Then, the user interface designer presented on the interface design, including push buttons, LCD display and some supplements. After that, the group discussed the speech recognition chip and the material of the remote control, including titanium, plastic and rubber. The group finally reached a consensus to use push buttons and LCD display.
The group discussed the components of the remote control. The group decided to use a simple battery, a simple push button, a speech recognition chip, and a simple LCD display. They also decided to go for titanium instead of rubber or plastic because it was more cost-effective and the material was good for this R_S_A. The team also discussed whether to use push buttons or LCD display because push buttons were cheaper and the LCD display was more advanced.
The industrial designer recommended to use a simple push button because it would be cheaper compared to LCD and LCD was more advanced. The industrial designer also suggested to use titanium because it was cheaper than rubber.
The user interface designer proposed to use push buttons or liquid crystal d LCD display because it would be cheaper compared to LCD. He also suggested to use some kind of speech recognition chip in the remote control because it could be simple and cheaper.
User Interface proposed to use push buttons or LCD display. The group agreed to go for push buttons because it would be simpler and cheaper compared to LCD. User Interface also proposed to put some speech recognition chip in the remote control because they would like to add some other features such as speech recognition.
The marketing proposed to have different colours for the product because it would be easy to distinguish the remote control from other products in the market.
Marketing believed that the user identification should be easy to find and easy to use. He suggested that the remote control should be made of plastic or rubber and the buttons could be made in different shapes.
Marketing suggested that the remote control should be made of plastic, rubber and titanium. Marketing also suggested that they could use some kind of appearance design, like a double-curved shape. The group agreed to use titanium because it was a good look and it was easy to mould.
The marketing learned that the trend was to use push buttons or liquid crystal d LCD display instead of LCD because push buttons were really cheaper and the LCD was more advanced. The marketing also learned that there was a trend to make the remote control in titanium because it was good for the look and feel.
Marketing suggested that the remote control should be made of plastic, rubber and titanium. Industrial Designer suggested that they could use a double-curved shape. User Interface proposed that they should use a single curve shape. Project Manager agreed.
This was the final meeting of the detailed design meeting. First, Industrial Designer and User Interface gave a presentation on the prototype of the remote control. Then, Marketing gave a brief evaluation of the whole process of production and design that they had been through. After that, the group discussed the evaluation criteria that they were going to be evaluating the product based on the criteria from Cat and the financial limits of the company. Finally, Project Manager gave an evaluation on the overall process of the meeting.
Industrial Designer and User Interface presented the prototype of the remote control. The prototype was made of rubber and the buttons and the scroll were inside. The remote control was in the colour and approximate shape of banana. It was dual use, so it could be used for both TV and DVD players. The LCD was inside, and it had the scroll and the LCD was on the outside. The user interface was simple and easy to use. The product fit the evaluation criteria from Cat and was within the financial limits.
Marketing believed that the remote control should be able to match the operating behaviour of the user. However, Project Manager disagreed with Marketing.
Industrial Designer thought that the remote control was intuitive because it was easy to use. User Interface agreed that it was intuitive. Marketing thought it was not intuitive because the buttons were too big and the scroll was too small. However, the group agreed that the scroll and the LCD were good because they were easy to find.
Project Manager informed the team that the budget for the remote control would be twenty-five Euros, which was within the company's financial limits. The team agreed that the cost of the product would be twelve Euros, and they would have to make a profit of twelve fifty Euros to cover the production cost. Then, the team would have a brief evaluation of the whole process of production and design.
Marketing agreed with the group mates that the spin wheel with LCD display was a good idea, as it was easy to use. However, he did not agree with the idea of the banana shape because he thought it was a bit phallic.
Industrial Designer thought that they lost their evaluation criteria because the remote control was made of rubber and the one side was supposed to be rounder than the other. However, Marketing disagreed with Industrial Designer because he thought it was a bit phallic.
This was the second meeting of the detailed design meeting where the team discussed the prototype of the remote control. The meeting started with a presentation by the Industrial Designer on the prototype, followed by a presentation from Marketing on the design of the interchangeable face. Then, the team went on to look at the prototype and talked about the material used in the prototype. After that, the meeting moved to a discussion about the shape and colour of the product. The team finally reached a consensus that the product should have a vaguely non-remote like shape and a single colour. Finally, the group discussed the material of the case and the shape of the buttons.
The group discussed some problems from the last meeting, such as the remote control not having interchangeable faces and the lack of a visible light. They decided to add a slide out panel for the more advanced functions. They also discussed the colour and material of the remote and decided to go with the multiple colours coming out.
The Industrial Design thought that the remote control would be expensive to produce and the company would have to pay for the production cost. However, the User Interface argued that the cost of the product would not be too much since it was only a remote control. Therefore, the Industrial Design believed that the company should not worry about the financial issue.
The Project Manager thought that the presentation contents of the team members' presentations were very interesting. The team members had done a great job on their presentation and the team had come up with a good idea for the remote control. The Project Manager also appreciated the team's teamwork and the teamwork spirit.
The group talked about their meeting with the Industrial Designer, User Interface, Project Manager, Marketing, and Industrial Designer. The group agreed that the remote control with voice recognition was a good idea, but they had to be cognizant of the limitations they were operating under. Also, the group agreed to go with the multiple colours coming out, the slide out panel, and the interchangeable face. The team also agreed to use a rechargeable battery for the power source.
The Industrial Design thought that the team worked well together and that they had a good working environment.
The Project Manager thought that the team should stick to the basic design of the remote control, which was simple and simple-to-use. However, the Industrial Designer and User Interface disagreed with the Project Manager, pointing out that the group should go for the more advanced design, such as the voice recognition and the interchangeable face.
The meeting began with a brief introduction of the project and the participants' roles in the project. Then, the professor introduced that the team would be working on digit strings, which would be read individually, with pauses between the lines. The team then moved on to the speaker form and the consent form, which required the participants to fill out as much information as they could. After that, the team began to read digits strings. The meeting ended with a discussion about how the team could improve the quality of the transcripts, and the team discussed how they could make the transcripts more user-friendly.
The team discussed setting up the recording equipment, including a microphone, a speaker array, and a microphone array. They decided that the microphone should be placed about two thumb widths away from the mouth, and at the corner. The antenna should be in the middle of the room, so that it would not be too far from the speaker. The team also discussed how they should set up the microphones.
C thought that it would be a good idea to set up the recording equipment in the living room so that people could see what was going on in the room. C also wanted to make sure that the microphones were in good working order.
A thought that it would be a good idea to set up the recording equipment in the living room so that he could see how it worked. He also wanted to make sure that the microphone was in the right place.
The professor informed the team that they would be using a computer navigation system to help them figure out where they were in the room. The team thought that it would be a good idea to have a computer program that could help them find their way around the room, but the professor pointed out that they should be careful not to overload it with too much information.
B thought that it would be interesting to see how the computer navigation system would work in conjunction with the microphone setup. He thought that the team would have to figure out how to get from one location to another.
D thought that the computer navigation system would be a good idea, but he was not sure how it would work in practice. He thought that it would be hard to train the system.
The meeting with Huw Irranca-Davies was mainly about the Welsh Government's childcare offer. First of all, the Minister for Children and Social Care gave an update on the early implementer local authority areas. It has gone well. The biggest challenge was the administrative burden on each local authority, and each pilot area, to administer the scheme where they are asking parents to prove eligibility, to bring in documents to prove their eligibility, and to make adjustments as it goes forward based on what their changing work patterns are, what their salary slips say. The other big challenge was communication. So, they were having parents who were outside the areas entirely saying, 'Why haven't we got this yet? Can we please get into it?'
Huw Irranca-Davies thought that the early implementer local authority areas were a mixed bag. In one case, it was a whole authority, but it's only one—that's in Blaenau Gwent. In others, it's smaller areas. It's been encouraging, to the extent that we're at the point where we're expanding—we've made announcements on expanding some of the pilot areas so we can learn more lessons. The other big challenge we're hitting is communication. So, we're having parents, generally, who are outside the areas entirely saying, 'Why haven't we got this yet? Can we please get into it?', which is encouraging. But the other thing we're seeing is people who are within pilot authorities, where it doesn't extend to the whole authority.
Huw Irranca-Davies believed that there were two lessons that can be learned from early implementer areas. One was the bureaucracy around the current approach that they're taking, because it's being done on the seven early implementers. It's incredibly bureaucratic. The other big challenge they're hitting is communication. So, we're having parents, generally, who are outside the areas entirely saying, 'Why haven't we got this yet? Can we please get into it?', which is encouraging. But the other thing they're having is people who are within pilot authorities, where it doesn't extend to the whole authority, and they think they qualify for something under universal care, so they're not in the pilot area. And the burden of administration on that is falling to each pilot area, so it's a bit of a mixed bag.
Huw Irranca-Davies explained that the demand for the services in the early implementer areas would not be evenly distributed across Wales. In one case, it's a whole authority, but it's only one—that's in Blaenau Gwent. In others, it was smaller areas. In other cases, it would be a whole local authority. So, they would have to expand the programme to cover more areas.
Huw Irranca-Davies explained that the childcare offer was a mixed bag. It has gone well in the early implementer local authority areas, but they were learning lessons as they went along. The biggest challenge was the bureaucracy around the current approach that they were taking, because it was incredibly bureaucratic. The other big challenge they were hitting was communication. So, they were having parents, generally, who were outside the areas entirely saying, 'Why haven't we got this yet?'
Huw Irranca-Davies thought that the registration of grandparents was something of a mixed bag. In one case, it was a whole authority, but it was only one—that's in Blaenau Gwent. In others, it's smaller areas. However, he was confident that they would be able to achieve the same result.
Huw Irranca-Davies thought that the capacity in the next several years to deliver the product was very strong. He believed that the Welsh Government would be able to meet the demand, and they would have the capacity to deliver it. However, they had to make sure that they had the right infrastructure in place.
Huw Irranca-Davies explained that the hourly rates of the service were set at 25 p.m. and they were determined to keep it at that level because they wanted to make sure that the service was accessible to everyone. However, they had to be cognizant of the fact that there would be some variation in the hourly rate.
Huw Irranca-Davies thought that the hourly rate of the service would be around £8.50, which was very affordable for the lowest-income working families. However, he admitted that there would be some challenges in the long term.
Huw Irranca-Davies thought that the pilots in Cardiff and Newport had gone well, but they were learning lessons as they went along. Hefin David AM asked about the administrative burden in the early implementer local authority areas, which was a mixed bag. The Welsh Government was trying to build on, and to learn from, the model of the HM Revenue and Customs type of model, where there was clarity, that is handled, that has information sharing between Government departments, such as the Department of Work and Pensions.
Huw Irranca-Davies believed that the childcare offer would have a positive impact on children, especially in the early years. He believed that it would be a good introduction to universal care for children, and it would have an impact on the quality of childcare in the long term. However, he admitted that there would be some difficulties in the initial phase.
Huw Irranca-Davies thought that the Flying Start scheme was a great success, and it had a positive impact on children. However, he was not sure about the impact on families who were not in the early implementer areas. He believed that it would be a good idea to expand the programme to other areas.
Huw Irranca-Davies assured the committee members that the Welsh Government was committed to maintaining the high qualification and quality of the workforce while the rates remained at £4.50. However, he admitted that it would be a challenge to ensure that the workforce would be able to meet the demand.
This meeting was about the evaluation of the prototype of the remote control. First, Project Manager introduced the prototype to the team. Then, User Interface and Industrial Designer gave a presentation on the prototype. After that, Marketing gave a rating on the product based on a few evaluation criterias, based on the marketing strategy, on the latest trends, on user preferences, and on base of each criterion, they gave a seven point scale from true, as well as false, seven. Finally, the group evaluated the product on the basis of the evaluation criteria and gave a score of one to seven.
User Interface introduced the prototype of the remote control. It was yellow with a rub rubber part and the rest was hard plastic. The buttons were blue, except the power button and the mute button. The joystick was for the volume and the channels. There was an LCD screen with the company logo on it. The remote control could be turned inside and out. It had a seven-point scale from true to false, and on base of each criterion, Marketing gave a rating of seven points.
Marketing designed a product evaluation based on the marketing strategy, on the latest trends, on user preferences, and on base of each criterion, Marketing gave a rating. The product evaluation was based on a seven point scale from true, as well as false, seven.
The team evaluated the product on the basis of a few evaluation criterias, based on the marketing strategy, on the latest trends, on user preferences, and on base of each criterion, they gave a seven point scale from true to false, seven to seven. The product was given an average rating of three. The team agreed that the remote control was technologically innovative, technologically advanced, user-friendly, and fashion-forward.
The team agreed that the cost of the product would be 12.5 Euros. They would have to make a profit of 50 million Euros to cover the production cost.
Industrial Designer and User Interface introduced the prototype of the remote control to the team. The prototype was made of rubber and hard plastic with a joystick and LCD. The joystick was for the volume and the channels, and the other buttons were blue, except the power button and mute. The buttons were for the power, volume, mute, channel up, down, channel down, and up. The remote control had a seven-point scale from true to false, and on base of each criterion, the team gave a rating of seven points to the product based on the marketing strategy, on the latest trends, on user preferences and on the company's marketing strategy.
This meeting was mainly about the components, materials, the user interface and any trends that the Marketing Expert has been watching. The meeting started with Industrial Designer's presentation on the insides of a remote control. Then, Industrial Designer introduced the various components of the remote control, including the battery, the chip, the transistor, the L-E-D device and the chip that translates the code into an infra infrared radiation. After that, the User Interface gave a presentation on how to design a user-friendly remote control based on the market trends. Finally, the group discussed the key remote control concepts.
The Industrial Designer gave a brief introduction to the insides of a remote control, including the components' properties, materials, the user interface and any trends that the Marketing Expert has been watching. The User Interface gave a presentation on the market trends and suggested a wind-up remote and a kinetic one. Then, the Project Manager asked Industrial Designer and User Interface to give their presentations on remote components, materials and user interface.
Industrial Designer thought that the scroll wheel was a good idea because it was easy to use and users could scroll around the remote control. However, Industrial Designer was concerned that it would be hard to learn how to use.
Marketing thought LCD was a good idea because it would be easy to learn and people would be more willing to spend more money on it. However, Project Manager pointed out that LCD was not the most important feature of the remote control.
The team agreed that the key remote control concepts were a wind-up one, a simple one, an energy-saving one, and a multi-functional one. The group also agreed that a simple remote control was the best choice since it would be easy to use and the energy source would be the same as the regular one.
The group agreed that the wood case would be a good choice for the remote control because it would be easy to clean and the material would be durable. However, they did not agree on the idea of a push button because they thought that the buttons would be too small.
Marketing suggested that push-buttons could be incorporated into the remote control to make it more user-friendly. However, the group thought that the push buttons were not necessary because the company already had a push button on the TV remote control.
The Children, Young People and Education Committee was a scrutiny session with a focus on higher and further education. Kirsty Williams, Cabinet Secretary for Education, Eluned Morgan, Minister for Welsh Language and Lifelong Learning, and Huw Morris, who is the group director of skills, higher education and lifelong learning, answered questions about the recruitment and retention of teaching staff in Wales. The first question was from Suzy Davies AM. She wanted to know whether there was still a problem recruiting teachers into the 300 priority places, or is there a trend where things are getting better? Kirsty answered that there was a problem, but it was not a uniquely Welsh issue. In fact, they were facing quite acute problems across the border, which proves that they needed to do more to respond to those needs. They had looked at financial incentives. The second question was about why young people didn't want to go into the teaching profession. The answer was that it was a combination of factors. There was something that was running through younger learners at the moment that made them think that teaching isn't a profession they want to pursue. So, what they were doing was making sure that their ITE provision was world class. They were also embarking on their first ever national IT
The group discussed the trend of teacher recruiting and the reasons for it, and steps they had taken to respond to it. Kirsty Williams admitted that there was still a problem in recruiting teachers into the 300 priority places, but there was a trend where things were getting better. They were currently recruiting to about 65 per cent of those targets. They had started a national programme of ITE-recruitment, giving people that idea that you can serve your nation and your community by training to be a teacher. Huw Morris pointed out that they were also embarking on their first ever national ITE recruitment marketing exercise.
According to Kirsty Williams, there was still a problem recruiting teachers into the 300 priority places, but there was a trend where things were getting better. They had looked at financial incentives. They were also embarking on their first ever national ITE recruitment marketing exercise.
Kirsty Williams admitted that their action was not enough. They had looked at financial incentives to recruit teachers into the 300 priority places, but they had not seen a significant increase in the number of teachers applying for those places. Moreover, they were still not able to meet the demand.
Huw Morris thought that the University of South Wales was not able to deliver the quality of teacher training that was required by the Welsh Government. Kirsty Williams disagreed with him and pointed out that it was a matter for the government to make the decision on whether or not to accredit the university.
Kirsty Williams believed that the University of South Wales was not able to deliver the quality of teacher training that was required by the Welsh Government. Therefore, they decided not to accredit the university.
Kirsty Williams thought that the University of South Wales was not the best place to deliver teacher training in Wales, as it was geographically spread across England and Scotland. However, Kirsty Williams believed that it was not necessarily a geographic spread of provision because there was still a lot of provision in Wales. Therefore, the decision to not accredit the university was made on the basis of the quality of the provision, not the geographic spread.
Huw Morris thought that it would be a good idea for universities to look at whether they could merge with each other. However, Kirsty Williams pointed out that it might not be the best idea.
Kirsty Williams thought that it was not necessarily a uniquely Welsh issue. He thought that universities were facing problems across the UK, and it was true that some of the universities were merging. However, he believed that they were doing a good job in terms of their recruitment and retention of teachers. In terms of the number of universities that were merging, he thought it was a good thing.
Kirsty Williams admitted that Cardiff Met was not a competitor to Cardiff Met and that the merger would not have been a disadvantage for Cardiff Met. However, he admitted that it would have been hard for the two institutions to compete with each other in terms of the quality of the teaching staff.
According to Kirsty Williams, the pay dispute was not a uniquely Welsh issue. In fact, it was a common problem across the UK. In January of this year I set up an advisory board on the recruitment and retention of teaching staff, and we are awaiting some reports from that advisory group on what they feel that we should do next. In the meantime, there was a lot of activity in the ITE provision to make sure that it was world class. We were also embarking on our first ever national ITE recruitment marketing exercise.
According to Eluned Morgan, the pay dispute was not a uniquely Welsh issue. It was a situation across the UK, and it was something that they had to deal with. In January of this year I set up an advisory board on the recruitment and retention of teaching staff, and we are awaiting some reports from that advisory group on what they feel that we should do next.
Eluned Morgan believed that it was important to have greater pay equality between schoolteachers and FE teachers, but she did not want to get into a debate about whether it was fair or not. She thought that it would be a matter for the government to decide.
This was a virtual meeting of the Children, Young People and Education Committee with the Welsh Government in relation to the impact of the coronavirus pandemic on health and social services as they relate to children and young people in Wales. The meeting is bilingual, and simultaneous translation from Welsh to English is available. First of all, Dawn Bowden AM introduced that the meeting was held to discuss the current situation of the children, young people and education sector in Wales, including the situation in schools. Then, the group discussed the current state of the child protection services in the country, as well as the impact on the mental health and substance misuse services. Finally, the meeting discussed the exit strategy for schools, which was considered to be an important part of the Welsh government's exit strategy, especially in the context of reopening schools
According to Vaughan Gething AM, the Welsh Government was working with local authorities to ensure that the mental health service would be available to children and young people during the lockdown, and they would continue to work with the NHS and other agencies to make sure that they were able to provide the services that they needed.
Vaughan Gething thought that the mental health recovery plan was an important part of the Welsh Government's exit strategy, especially in the context of reopening schools. He believed that it was important to have a plan in place to ensure that children and young people were not isolated from the rest of the community, and that they would be able to access mental health services during the lockdown.
Tracey Breheny answered Sian Gwenllian AM's question by saying that they were still learning a lot about the impact of the coronavirus pandemic on the mental health service during the lockdown, and they were trying to develop a fully accurate picture of the situation. However, it was important for the Welsh Government to make sure that the services were available to children and young people in the most vulnerable group, especially in the context of reopening schools.
The group talked about the evaluation of the long-term special care for the pregnant women during the COVID-19 period, which showed that there had been a decrease in the number of suicides during the period, but there had still been an increase in the numbers of those who had been referred to the mental health service.
Vaughan Gething explained that the crisis care had been evaluated on a case-by-case basis, and the results showed that there had been a decrease in the number of suicides in the long-term special care for the pregnant women, which was a positive sign. However, there was still a risk that there would be an increase in suicides during the period of reopening schools.
When discussing the long-term special care for the pregnant women, Vaughan Gething AM mentioned that the Welsh Government had been very supportive of the perinatal mental health service in the past, and it had been one of the few positives in this condition.
According to Vaughan Gething AM, the priority for the vulnerable children and young people was to make sure that they had adequate social support for those who were in foster. However, it was also important for the Welsh Government to ensure that they were able to respond to the needs of those children who were currently in foster care.
Julie Morgan thought that the monitoring system for vulnerable children was a good starting point, and it was important that they had a system in place to ensure that they were able to respond to the needs of vulnerable children and young people in a timely manner. However, they were still learning about the impact of the coronavirus pandemic on the system.
Julie Morgan explained that they were working with the foster organizations to make sure that they had adequate social support for those children who were in foster. They were also working with local authorities and local authorities to ensure that there was a level playing field for children and young people to be able to access that support.
According to Vaughan Gething AM, the Welsh Government had done a lot of work to establish the legitimacy of the children's rights, protection and demands. However, it was still not clear to the committee members whether the government had done enough to ensure that the children were protected from the virus, and they needed to continue to work with the health and social services to make sure that they were doing everything they could to protect children and young people.
Julie Morgan explained that the online survey was designed to help the Welsh Government understand the impact of the coronavirus pandemic on the children's rights, protection and demands. The survey was based on a survey of more than 2,000 people, and the results showed that more than half of the people believed that the government had not done enough to protect children and young people from the virus, and that they needed to do more.
Albert Heaney thought that the coronavirus Act was an important part of the Welsh Government's exit strategy, and it was important that the government was clear about the importance of the children's rights, protection and demands. However, Heaney did not think that it was necessary for the government to use the Act in the current situation.
The meeting began with a brief introduction to the current transcription status of the SmartKom data collection data. The team discussed the progress of the ICSI transcriptions and the logistics of sending the data to IBM. The meeting then moved on to a discussion of how the team could speed up the transcription process. The professor informed the team that IBM had finally made the tape for the first batch of data, and that it was going out to the transcribers and hopefully next week they would have the transcription back from that. Finally, the team discussed how they could get some data transcribed right away so that they could start working on the synthesis.
The professor informed the team that they were running out of space on the hard disk and needed to purchase more space. The team also needed to figure out how much space they would need to purchase. The professor suggested that they could purchase a couple hundred gigabytes of space, which would be a good investment.
Grad E informed the team that they were running out of space on their hard disk. Grad E suggested that they could purchase a new one.
The group thought that Dave was a great addition to the team and that he would be a valuable addition to their team. However, the team was concerned that Dave would not be able to continue to contribute to their work.
The group discussed the transcription status of the data collected from SmartKom data collection. The team was concerned that the team was running out of time to transcribe the data. The professor suggested that they could schedule meetings with some of the transcribers to get the data transcribed. The group also discussed the logistics of sending the data to IBM.
The professor thought that it would be a good idea to schedule more meetings with the transcribers. He thought that the team should be aware that they were running out of time.
When it came to scheduling meetings, the team joked that they were running out of time. The professor informed them that they would have to wait for IBM to send the data back before they could start transcribing.
This meeting was the kick-off meeting of the new television remote control project. Project Manager introduced the project plan from Real Reaction, and the team members got acquainted with each other and the tools they already had. Then, the team discussed about their first ideas about the project, including the functional, conceptual, and detailed design of the remote control. After that, Project Manager gave a brief introduction of the budget of the project and the target price of 25 Euros. The team then discussed about the working design of remote control, including its size, shape, colour, and material.
The group agreed that the remote control should be original, trendy, modern, and friendly for young people. The group also agreed that it should be easy to use, easy to learn, and easy to lose.
Industrial Designer suggested that the remote control should be user-friendly. User Interface suggested that it should be easy to use and easy to find. Project Manager agreed. Marketing also proposed that it could be made in different colours and shapes.
Marketing suggested that the group should target the young people and the international market. Marketing also suggested that they should focus on international markets.
Industrial Designer suggested that the color of the remote control should be a bright yellow. Project Manager agreed, but User Interface pointed out that it would be more appropriate if it was a normal color.
The group members agreed that the buttons of the remote control should be easy to find and easy to use. The buttons should be on the right place, so that users could find them easily.
The product manager wanted to achieve the expected profit of 25 million Euros. The profit goal would be achieved by selling 25 million units of the remote control.
This meeting was the 12th meeting of the House of Commons Special Committee on the COVID-19 Pandemic. Some members will be participating via videoconference and some members are participating in person. The meeting was mainly about petitions. The first petition was in support of Bill S-204. The petitioners called on the government to put in place a system of universal national pharmacare, bringing down the cost of drugs through bulk purchasing. The next petition was on the issue of organ trafficking and the government's efforts to remove the mechanism by which people could be deemed inadmissible to Canada for being involved in organ harvesting. The third petition was about euthanasia. The members were concerned that the government was not doing enough to protect the vulnerable people from being forced to commit suicide.
Hon. Chrystia Freeland said that the government was committed to the response to Covid-19. However, the Prime Minister added that the delay in the government's response was caused by a number of factors. One of them was the fact that there was a lot of uncertainty about how the government would be able to respond to the crisis. Another reason was that it was hard to know how long the government could continue to delay the response.
The opposition party and the Prime Minister agreed that it was unfortunate that companies were laying off workers in the midst of pandemic. However, the opposition party also pointed out that the government had not done enough to ensure that workers would not be laid off.
Hon. Chrystia Freeland (Minister of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness) said that the government was committed to ensuring that the long-term care system in Canada was safe and secure. However, some members of the opposition party argued that the situation was not so secure.
Hon. Chrystia Freeland (Minister of Health and Long-Term Care) said that the government had done a lot to ensure that long-term care facilities were safe and that they were committed to providing the highest quality of care.
Hon. Chrystia Freeland (Minister of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness) introduced that the government had launched a fund-raising campaign to help Canadians who had lost their lives in the COVID-19 pandemic. However, the opposition party argued that the campaign was not targeted at the victims of the pandemic, and it was aimed at the general public.
Hon. Chrystia Freeland announced that the government was working with the provinces and territories to bring down the deficit. The government would continue to work with provinces, territories, and provinces to reduce the deficit as much as possible.
Hon. Chrystia Freeland suggested that the government should maintain the economic cooperation with the UK, which was important for Canada. However, the opposition party argued that it was important that Canada had a strong economic relationship with the United Kingdom.
Hon. Chrystia Freeland introduced that the government was working with the provinces and territories to ensure that the supply chains were safe and secure. However, the opposition party pointed out that there was still a lot of uncertainty about how the government would be able to ensure the safety and security of the supply chain.
Hon. Chrystia Freeland suggested that China had been hoarding PPE for the duration of the pandemic. However, the opposition party argued that the government had not done enough to ensure that the supply of PPE was safe.
Hon. Chrystia Freeland (Minister of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness) said that the government had not given money to companies which did not put the amount into proper use.
Hon. Chrystia Freeland said that the government was committed to improving long-term care facilities and protecting the seniors.
Hon. Carla Qualtrough (Minister of Families, Children and Social Development) introduced that the government was committed to addressing the seniors care crisis in Canada. However, it was pointed out that there was still a long way to go.
The meeting began with a brief introduction to the Aurora project. The professor informed the team that the team was two months away from being done with the first phase of the project. Then, the team discussed how they could reduce the errors in the intermediate categories. The team then moved onto a discussion about how to improve the performance of the system. The meeting ended with a discussion on how the team could add features to the model to reduce errors. The group then discussed how the model could be further refined.
The professor informed the team that they were two months away from being done with the TORRENT chip. The team thought that they should wait for Sunil to come before doing their intermediate categorization. The professor also suggested that they could set up a system to reduce errors.
Grad F explained that he was working on a proposal for a paper on Aurora. Grad F thought that the paper should be done before Sunil gets here. He thought that Aurora would be a good place to start.
Grad F thought that the intermediate features could be used as a middle step in the classification process. Grad F also thought that it would be worthwhile to look at how to reduce the number of errors in the system.
The professor informed the team that the team was two months away from being done with the project. The team was working on a set of intermediate categories to classify phoneme features. The professor suggested that they could reduce the errors by performing mean subtraction on the whole set of features.
The professor thought that the reverberation was a useful feature to look at. He thought that it would be useful to have a way to distinguish between echoes and reverberation.
PhD C thought that the signal to noise ratio was too high for the task. PhD C suggested that the team could reduce the error rate by adding more features to the model.
This was the fourth meeting of the team. First, Industrial Designer and User Interface presented the prototype for the first time. Then, Project Manager, Marketing and Industrial Designer gave presentations on the cost of the product. After that, the team evaluated the prototype and decided to make it double-curved and double-spaced. The team also decided to use different colours, bright colours not black, too dark and fancy colours.
Industrial Designer first presented the prototype of the remote control. The remote control was made of hard plastic, the front and the back were made of titanium, the back side and the lower part of the front was of course titanium made of the same material. It had the company logo in the upper part and a double-curved logo on the front. The back side of the device had the logo of the company on it and the buttons were in different colours, bright colours not black, too dark, fancy colours and different patterns.
The Industrial Designer and the Project Manager agreed that the LCD screen would be a good addition to the product. However, the User Interface pointed out that it would be expensive to add an LCD screen to the remote control. The Project Manager reminded the Industrial Designer that the cost of LCD screens would be determined by the finance.
The Project Manager thought the prototype was pretty much like the one he had seen in the last meeting. It was made of hard plastic, made of titanium, and had the titanium colour of course, the logo on the front and the lower part of the front. The back side of the device was of course titanium, because it was also titanium. The Project Manager also thought it was difficult to design a double-curved remote control.
The User Interface thought that titanium was a good choice for the remote control because it was easy to use. However, the Project Manager pointed out that the cost of titanium would be higher than the price of plastic.
When discussing the cost of the titanium, the Industrial Designer pointed out that it was difficult to replace the titanium because it was made of titanium, and the titanium colour was too dark.
Industrial Designer and User Interface first presented the prototype of the remote control. The remote control was made of hard plastic, the front and the lower part of the front was of titanium made of titanium, the back side was of course made of plastic, and the logo was of a double-curved shape. It had the basic shape, the round shape and the basic colour of titanium. It was also made of different colours, bright colours not black, too dark, fancy colours and different patterns. The product was priced at 25 Euros and the production cost was 12.5 Euros.
This meeting was mainly about the interface design of the remote control. First, Industrial Designer gave a presentation on the interface concept. Then, User Interface presented on the buttons, including the power button to switch the television on and off, the mute button to mute the television, the channels buttons, left and right, up and down arrows to do the volume and channel, and the menu menu button to man manipulate the LCD display. After that, Marketing gave his personal preferences on the case and the colour of the logo. Finally, Project Manager gave a brief review of the meeting and the team discussed the overall design of remote control, including its colour, shape, material, and buttons.
User Interface thought that the power button was too big and the mute button too small. User Interface also thought that there were too many buttons on the remote control.
User Interface thought that the icon design on the buttons should be simple and simple. He suggested that the buttons could be made out of plastic and the company logo could be printed on them. However, Project Manager pointed out that Project Manager was not satisfied with User Interface's suggestion because Project Manager thought it was not clear that users could use the arrows.
Industrial Designer first gave a presentation on the design of the buttons on the remote control, including the power button to switch the volume on and off, the mute button to mute the television, the channel button to choose higher channels than nine, the up and down arrows to do the volume and channel, and the menu menu button to man manipulate the LCD display. User Interface then presented on the shape of the case and the case design, including its colour, shape, and material. Then, the group discussed the colour of the logo and the company colours and the logo on the case. After that, the team discussed the shape and material of the casing and the buttons.
Industrial Designer thought that the customers' taste was pretty standard. They liked the company colours and the logo, but they didn't like the shape of the case. They also didn't want the buttons to be too big.
Industrial Designer proposed to use advanced chips and LCD display. However, Project Manager pointed out that the cost of advanced chips would be higher than the price of LCD display, so the team agreed to use the LCD display instead.
Marketing found that the market trend for remote controls was large and and and pretty thin and long. Marketing also found that people were willing to spend more money on a fancy remote control.
The team decided that the cost of the remote control would be 12.5 Euros. The cost would be divided into three parts: the case, the buttons, and the LCD display. The case would be made of plastic and the buttons would be of plastic. The LCD display would be a combination of LCD and LCD.
This meeting was the Children, Young People and Education Committee's evidence session on the higher education new academic year allocations. David Blaney, who is chief executive of the Higher Education Funding Council for Wales, and Bethan Owen, deputy chief executive for HEFCW, answered questions from Members about the financial sustainability of the universities in Wales. The meeting mainly focused on the financial challenges facing the universities, including the impact of the demographic dip of 18-year-olds, which was deeper and longer in Wales than it is elsewhere in the UK. The Diamond reforms were hugely important, and the introduction of the Diamond reforms was hugely important—delivery of that is going to be really important—and they are really pleased to see the Minister able to meet her commitments in respect of that. Also, there was an increase in the resource in the future, which would be the first year we see an increase.
According to David Blaney, there were three main causes for the financial challenges facing the universities: the impact of the demographic dip of 18-year-olds, which was deeper and longer in Wales than it is elsewhere in the UK. There was a pre-existing funding gap in resource between England and Wales, and even now, that's still the case. There were increased pension costs and, actually, increased costs generally. The money's gone into the system but it hasn't gone into universities, necessarily. They are taking out capacity; they're not cutting at fat now, they're cutting out core capacity. So, these are serious challenges for institutions to manage, but I think it is a managed situation. And against that backdrop, the introduction of the Diamond reforms is hugely important—delivery of that is going to be really important—and we are really pleased to see the Minister able to meet her commitments in respect of that.
According to David Blaney, the universities that had secured funding for investing in their estates were doing a good job in terms of the quality of their teaching and research, and they were making good use of the resources that they had available to them. However, there was still a gap between England and Wales, and even now, that's still the case. The Diamond money was coming in, but it hasn't gone into universities, necessarily. The money was going into the system but it wasn't going into universities. The universities were taking out cost one way or another.
According to David Blaney, the government had a long-term plan to deliver the structural change. The first step was the introduction of the Diamond reforms, which was a pre-existing funding gap in resource between England and Wales, and even now, that's still the case. The Diamond reforms were hugely important—delivery of that is going to be really important—and the Minister was very pleased to meet her commitments in respect of that. The second step was to continue to invest in the capacity of the system to deliver for Wales.
According to David Blaney, the government had made a commitment to the university's estates strategy, and the government would continue to support the universities in their efforts to implement it. The government was committed to making sure that the universities were able to meet their financial targets, and they were also committed to maintaining the quality of the education provided to students.
According to David Blaney, there was a pre-existing funding gap in resource between England and Wales, and even now, that's still the case. The Diamond money is coming in but it hasn't gone into universities, necessarily. They are taking out capacity; they're not cutting at fat now, they're cutting out core capacity. There are increased pension costs and, actually, increased costs generally. So, these are serious challenges for institutions to manage, but I think it is a managed situation. There is a risk appetite in the higher education sector, but it is not a crisis situation. The risk appetite is more about the ability of the institutions to adapt to the changing market conditions and the willingness of the students to pay more for higher education.
According to David Blaney, the government had made a commitment to include more people in risk management in the higher education system, and they were working with the universities to make sure that they were doing everything they could to make that happen. Hefin David AM thought that it was a good idea to have more people involved in the risk management, and he hoped that the government would continue to do more in the future.
According to Dr David Blaney, there were three main causes: the impact of the demographic dip of 18-year-olds, which was deeper and longer in Wales than it is elsewhere in the UK. There were also increased pension costs and, actually, increased costs generally. The Diamond money was coming in. The money's gone into the system but it hasn't gone into universities, necessarily. They are taking out capacity; they're not cutting at fat now, they're cutting out core capacity. So, these are serious challenges for institutions to manage, but I think it is a managed situation.
Bethan Owen thought that the Welsh universities were in the high-risk category because they were taking out cost one way or another. They are taking out capacity; they're not cutting at fat now, they're cutting out core capacity. So, this is not a Welsh issue. It's a UK issue, and it's a global issue. And so, the challenge for Wales is not unique to Wales.
According to David Blaney, there was a pre-existing funding gap in resource between England and Wales, and even now, that's still the case. The Diamond reforms were hugely important—delivery of that is going to be really important—and we are really pleased to see the Minister able to meet her commitments in respect of that. This forthcoming year will be the first year of the new academic year allocations, which will be a very important one for the higher education system in Wales.
According to David Blaney, HEFCW had not done an assessment of the effect of underfunding research because it was not a Welsh issue. It was a UK issue, and the majority of the UK universities were actually taking out cost one way or another. Hefin David AM asked about the impact of the Augar review in England, and whether that might play into Wales, and also Brexit. Bethan Owen answered that they had not had an assessment yet, but they would be doing one in the near future.
According to David Blaney, the allocation would contribute to educational research because it would go into the curriculum, the range of research and innovation, the contribution of the contribution that universities can make to the education system, and the contribution to the national economy. It would also contribute to the capacity of the system to deliver for Wales.
According to David Blaney, there was a pre-existing funding gap in resource between England and Wales, which was deeper and longer in Wales than it is elsewhere in the UK. So, Welsh higher education institutions were approximately £40 million worse off than they would be in the English system. And against that backdrop, the introduction of the Diamond reforms was hugely important—delivery of that is hugely important. The Diamond money is going into the system, but it hasn't gone into universities, necessarily. The money's gone into the institutions. They are taking out capacity; they're not cutting at fat now, they're cutting out core capacity. They're taking out cost to balance the books, and that's a detrimental effect on the capacity of the system to deliver for Wales. And, of course, the uncertainty as a result of the Augar review in England, and whether that might play into Wales, and also Brexit.
This was the last meeting of the detail design meeting. First, the team presented the prototype of their remote control. Then, the group evaluated their technical specification by their colleague, Industrial Designer, and gave some technical criteria to evaluate this prototype as well as the team as a whole. After that, they discussed the finance of the remote control, and decided to do some finance research to see if it was feasible. Finally, the meeting ended with the evaluation of the team.
The prototype model was a working prototype. It was the ultimate form, ultimate colour, ultimate shape, ultimate colours, ultimate smell, and ultimate smell of it. The prototype was made of titanium, flexible, and spongy. There was a button missing on the remote control for volume control, a button for speech recognition, and a button to increase or decrease the volume. The remote control could be used with LCD or with speech recognition. The team evaluated the prototype on the basis of its technical specifications, user requirements, and appearance.
The remote control was made of titanium, which was the most of the modern material we could select. It was flexible and the material was spongy, which made it easy to use with hands. Also, the remote control could be made in different colours and shapes. The remote control had speech recognition, so it could be used for speech recognition.
The industrial designer recommended to make the remote control spongy so that it would be easy to be held. The industrial designer also suggested to make it in titanium because it was the most modern material.
Marketing proposed to evaluate the product on three criteria. First, the product should be user-friendly, second, it should be technologically innovative, and third, it must be satisfying to the user. Then, the group discussed the financial feasibility of the product. The group agreed that the cost of the remote control should be 25 Euros.
Marketing suggested that the group should give two points on usefulness when doing product evaluation. The first was that the remote control was easy to use and the second was that it was spongy.
The project manager thought that the colour and shape of the remote control were good because it was the most modern material they could choose. However, he thought that they should not go too far from titanium.
The group discussed the price of the remote control and decided that it should be priced at twenty-five Euros. The group agreed that the price should be twelve Euros, which was reasonable for a remote control of this size. The team also agreed that it would be good to have a colour, the ultimate form, the colours, and the ultimate smell of the product.
The user interface designer recommended to do some research on the cost of the remote control before discussing the product quotation.
This meeting was about the conceptual design of the remote control. First, the Marketing gave a presentation on the latest trends trends, latest fashion updates, and things they must not do. Next, the User Interface presented on conceptual design concepts. Then, the Industrial Designer presented on the functional design. Finally, the Project Manager gave a brief review of the last meeting, and then the group talked about the project management folder. After that, the group discussed the budget of the new remote control, which was decided to be 25 Euros.
Marketing presented about the latest trends trends, latest fashion updates, and things they must not do. The market research showed that the most important thing is fancy looking and good feeling. Also, the menus and things like that they have to be very great. Marketing also pointed out that the remote control should be easy to use.
Industrial Designer first gave a presentation on the conceptual design of the remote control. The remote control should be fancy looking and good-looking. It should be easy to use, with LCD screen, speech recognition, and speech recognition. Also, it should be cool and colourful. The user interface should be user-friendly, and the buttons should be small and easy to find.
User Interface first gave a presentation on the conceptual design of the remote control. The remote control should be easy to use, fancy-looking and good-feeling. It should be made out of fruit and vegetables, with LCD screen, speech recognition, and bright colours. User Interface also suggested that the remote should be able to be used in different devices.
The group agreed that LCD screen, speech recognition and speech recognition were the most important features of the remote control. The group also agreed that the colour and material should be bright and colourful. They also agreed to use plastic as the material.
The group agreed that the remote control should be fancy looking and good-looking, easy to use, with LCD screen, speech recognition, and speech recognition. The group also agreed that it should be bright and colourful, with buttons in different colours.
Industrial Designer thought that the problem of dust in the remote control could be solved by putting a cover on it. However, Project Manager pointed out that the cover was not very durable, so the group decided to use a plastic cover.
This meeting was a kick-off meeting for the design of a new remote control for the international market. The group discussed the functional design, conceptual design, and detailed design of the remote control. Then, they talked about the production cost and the target price of fifty Euros. After that, the group made a plan for the next meeting.
The group agreed that the design goal of the remote control should be original, trendy and user-friendly. The group also agreed that it should be sold in international markets.
The group agreed that the buttons should be of the same size and the scale design should be the same as the remote control.
The group agreed that the remote control should be user-friendly, original, trendy and user friendly. The group also agreed that it should be easy to use.
The group discussed the design of remote control for children. They agreed that it should be original, trendy and user-friendly. The group also agreed that the remote control should be easy to use.
The group agreed that the design of the remote control should be safe for children. However, they did not agree on the safety design because they thought that it would be hard to design a safety design for a remote control for children when it was only for adults.
The Industrial Designer thought that the appearance of the remote control should not be too childish because it would be hard for children to distinguish it from other remote controls.
This is the first meeting of the design project of the project. Project Manager introduced the project and the team got to know each other by drawing their favourite animals on the whiteboard. Then, the team discussed the functional design of the remote control, the conceptual design and the detailed design. The team came up with some preliminary ideas about it and discussed how they could make the product user-friendly. Finally, the group discussed the price of the product and how to make it attractive to customers.
The group agreed that the design goal of the remote control should be something original, something trendy and also something user friendly, so it has to be quite intuitive that people are able to use this product.
When discussing the target price, target cost and target profit of remote control, the group agreed that the remote control should be priced at 25 Euros, 25 Euros and 25 Euros respectively.
Industrial Designer thought that the fashion design of the remote control should be trendy and user-friendly so that people would be able to use it easily.
The group agreed that the remote control should be user-friendly and easy to use. They also agreed that it should be made of plastic so that it would not get damaged easily.
Marketing thought that the buttons on the remote control should be easy to find and easy to use, so that people would not have to press too many buttons to find them. He also thought that there should be a menu button for volume up and down and a power button for channel change.
Industrial Designer suggested that the remote control could be made with a rechargeable battery. Project Manager thought it would be a good idea, but User Interface thought it might be a bit expensive.
The team was discussing how to improve the performance of the wireless mikes. The professor informed the team that the gain on the unadapted mikes was too high. The team also wanted to know how to adjust the boom to make it more comfortable for people to wear it close to their mouths. They also discussed how to generate good data for the recognizer.
The microphone data was collected on channel B and channel B was channel B. The unadapted microphone did not perform as well as the adapted one. The professor informed the team that there was a bug in the transformer pro that was causing the results to be inconsistent. The team thought that they could adjust the gain slightly if they wanted to.
The team decided that the microphone should be placed on the upper lip of the speaker and the boom should be towards the corner of the mouth. The microphone should also be placed in a position where the speaker can see it. The team also decided to add a microphone to the front of the room to collect more data for the recognizer.
The team decided to change the equipment to a wireless microphone with a boom that was more comfortable to wear. They also decided to add a speaker array to the microphone, which would allow them to generate good data for the recognizer.
The meeting was mainly about the construction formalism. The group discussed the various ways that constructions could be constructed, including whether they could have a type at the beginning, if there was a type, and whether the constructions should have some kind of name. They also talked about the semantics of the construction, including the construction of the key word. The meeting ended with a brief discussion about how the construction could be more flexible.
The team concluded that the semantic specification was only slightly more stable than it was before. The most common constructions have some kind of name and they have some name. There is a type at the beginning of the construction, but if there's a type it's before construct, and if there' s not a type, then the construction is before construct. The team also agreed that the most common construction is a constructal constituent.
The semantic specification is a list of the kinds of things that we can have in the construction formalism. There are very few changes in some ways from what we've done before, but certain things that have changed back to this. The semantic specification has a block that is constituents, which have a type at the beginning and then they say the key word construction.
The mental spaces would be a sort of abstract representation of the kinds of things that we can have in the construction formalism. They would have a type at the beginning, a block that is constituents, and a type that is called a key word construction.
The mental spaces are a subset of the domain, which is defined as a set of properties that can be expressed in terms of a particular kind of construction. Each property is associated with a specific kind of object, such as a subtype, a subgroup, or a subcategory. The properties of each domain are further defined by the semantic specification.
The meeting began with a brief summary of what has been done in the past week. The team discussed the performance of the nets trained on PLP with on-line normalization and PLP without PLP. The results were mixed, but the gap between the different training sets was much smaller. The group also discussed how to improve the noise robustness of the model. The professor informed the team that the team was working on a mel cepstra system going straight into the HTK.
The team discussed the results from the experiments. The team found that the gap between the different training sets was much smaller when they used the large training set using French, Spanish, and English. The difference between the nets trained on PLP with on-line normalization and those trained without PLP was still significant. They also found that their model performed better on the mismatched condition.
The professor thought that the team had done a good job on the results. The team had trained on PLP with on-line normalization and PLP without PLP, but they were still not completely filled with features. The difference between the different training sets was much smaller. The professor also thought that it was important to use noise robustness.
PhD A thought that the difference between the performance of nets trained on PLP with on-line normalization and those trained with PLP without PLP was due to the difference in noise robustness. He thought that it was more important to use delta. PhD A also thought that a mel cepstra system going straight into the HTK was more robust.
The team discussed the current state of the model and the future directions. The team thought that they should focus on improving noise robustness. The professor suggested that they could test the model with a mel cepstra system going straight into the HTK instead of PLP.
The professor thought that MSG was a good idea, but he was not sure if it would improve the performance of the model.
The team thought that they were making good progress on their model. The performance on TIMIT was still better than the other languages, but the gap between the different training sets was much smaller. The team was also testing noise robustness with a mel cepstra system going straight into the HTK.
This meeting was about the design of the remote control. First, the Industrial Designer gave a presentation on remote control design. Then, the Marketing gave a brief presentation on the requirements of the project. After that, the group discussed the components, including the energy source, the chip, the casing, the buttons and the messages as well as the slogan of the company. Finally, the team discussed the cost of the product. The team agreed that the product should be a television only remote control and the company colours should be included in it.
Industrial Designer first gave a brief presentation on how remote controls work. Industrial Designer explained that a remote control works as follows. A user interface controls the chip, basically that's the casing and the buttons and the messages as well. There's an integrated circuit involved in that like a battery or solar power, something along those lines. The chip, which is the silicon based chip, is the one that actually compose the messages and usually sends infrared bits to another system. Then, Industrial Designer gave a presentation on the components of the remote control. The components include a chip, a battery, and an alkaline battery backup. Lastly, the product should have the company colours included in it.
Marketing believed that the remote control should be made of plastic and the company colours should be included in it. However, the Project Manager disagreed with Marketing on this point because he thought that the colour of the remote should be red and black.
The group discussed the functions and buttons of the remote control. Marketing suggested that the buttons could be for volume, channel, channel change, power, volume up/down, volume down, mute, mute button, channel skip button, menu button, power button and channel change button. Project Manager thought that the menu button should be for channel change. Industrial Designer suggested that it could be a menu button.
The Project Manager put forward to cut down the functions when discussing the design of the functions and buttons of the remote control. He pointed out that too much metal in remote design could potentially cause interference with the ability of the remotes to send commands. Also, too many buttons could cause the remote to behave unexpectedly by receiving false signals.
The Project Manager informed the team members that the remote control would be made out of plastic and the company colours would be included in it. The team members agreed that the material of the remote should be plastic as it would be cheaper and more environmentally friendly.
The group discussed the appearance of the television remote. Project Manager suggested that the remote should be made of plastic and the company colours should be included in it. Industrial Designer thought that the colour should be red and black and the slogan should be printed on it. Marketing thought that it should be in bright colours.
This meeting was the seventh meeting of the Special Committee on the COVID-19 Pandemic. The meeting mainly focused on the questions of the opposition party members. First, Andrew Scheer presented a petition to the Prime Minister and the Minister of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness. Then, the members questioned the ministers on the financial situation of the government. The questions were mainly about the government's response to the financial crisis and the financial support for the provinces and territories during the pandemic. Finally, the meeting ended with the questions from the members to the ministers.
Hon. Justin Trudeau (Prime Minister): Our priority was to get money out quickly to all Canadians who needed it, and that's exactly what we've done. All fraudsters will be required to pay back the money they fraudulently received from the government. We're going to make sure that this is done in the coming months.
The Minister of Seniors said that the government was committed to making sure that all Canadians who were eligible for the assistance were able to access it. The government was working with provinces and territories to make sure that the assistance was available to all Canadians.
Hon. Justin Trudeau (Prime Minister): Our priority was to get money out quickly to all Canadians who needed it, and that's exactly what we've done. Millions of Canadians have received the money they so desperately needed. We're going to make sure that this is done in the coming months.
Hon. Navdeep Bains said that the government had been very clear that the priority was to get money out quickly to all Canadians who needed it, and that's exactly what we've done. Millions of Canadians have received the money they so desperately needed. The government had put measures in place to detect fraud. All fraudsters will be required to pay back the money fraudulently received from the government. And the government would continue to make sure that this was done in the coming months.
Hon. Bill Morneau said that the government was working hard to get money out quickly to all Canadians who needed it, and that's exactly what they had done. The government had put measures in place to detect fraud. All fraudsters will be required to pay back the money they fraudulently received from the government.
Hon. Navdeep Bains first introduced that the wage subsidy program and loan refinancing would be available to all Canadians who needed it. The government had set a threshold of $15,000 to $25,000 for those who were eligible to apply for the subsidy program, and the government would continue to make sure that all Canadians would be able to access it.
Hon. Navdeep Bains assured the committee that the government was committed to supporting the arts, culture, and tourism industry and would continue to do so. However, the opposition party questioned that the minister had not made any announcements regarding the support for the arts and culture industry during the pandemic.
The meeting began with the team discussing the downsampling problem. The professor informed the team that the LDA filters were not working well at fifty-five hertz. The team also discussed the on-line normalization, which was not working as well as expected due to the delay in the recursion of the mean estimation. Then, the team discussed the modulation spectrum and how to deal with it. The meeting ended with a brief discussion about how to improve the performance of the model.
The team was working on detecting important linguistic features by looking at the modulation spectrum. The professor informed the team that the team had not been able to solve the downsampling problem yet. The team thought that they could use the on-line normalization to detect important features.
The professor thought that clustering was a good idea. He thought that it would help with the downsampling problem.
The professor explained that the team was trying to figure out the best way to deal with the positional parameters. The professor thought that the best approach would be to use a weighted average of the mean and variance.
The team discussed how to improve the back recognizer for the Aurora task. The professor informed the team that the team had not been able to find a good way to reduce the delay of the recursion for the mean estimation of the feature vector. The team thought that they could try using a filter with shorter delays.
PhD B was working on the back-end of the Aurora recognizer. He was trying to figure out how to reduce the delay of the recursion for the mean estimation.
The professor thought that the back recognizer was not very good for the Aurora task. He wanted to know how the team could improve it.
This was the first kick-off meeting of the new remote control project. First, the group discussed the functional design of the remote control. Then, they discussed the conceptual design and the detailed design. After that, they had a discussion about the budget of twenty-five Euros. The group agreed to make a remote control that was original, trendy and user-friendly, with LED and positive buttons. They also agreed to use the pen and the eraser to make their favourite animals.
The team discussed their experiences with remote controls. First, the Industrial Designer mentioned that they were not easy to use. Then, the User Interface mentioned that it was hard to use the remote control when it broke. Next, the Marketing mentioned that the buttons on the remote controls were too big. Finally, the Project Manager mentioned that some buttons were too small.
User Interface suggested that the remote control should be small and easy to use. Industrial Designer suggested that it should be made of plastic. User Interface also proposed that the buttons should be in the shape of animals. Project Manager thought that it would be good if the buttons could be in different colours and shapes. Marketing suggested that they could make the buttons in different shapes.
This was the functional design meeting of the project. First, Marketing gave a presentation on the first meeting. Then, Industrial Designer, User Interface and Project Manager gave presentations on the technical aspects of the remote control. After that, the group discussed the functions and the material of the buttons. Finally, Project Manager asked the group to make some decisions about their remote control functions. They decided to make it compatible with their new D_V_D and other releases.
Marketing first gave a presentation on functional requirements. First of all, the group agreed that the remote control should fit the hand, be original, be familiar, but also be able to be compatible with other products. Secondly, it should be easy to use, and the functions should be universal standards. Thirdly, the material should be hard plastic with rubber from , and the labelling of the buttons should be indestructible.
Project Manager thought that the manual design would make the remote control easy to use, but it would not be very user-friendly. Project Manager thought it would be a good idea to design a remote control that was only for television.
Marketing suggested that LCD screens and the speech recognition could be integrated into the remote control to make it more user-friendly. However, Project Manager pointed out that Project Manager was not satisfied with the idea of LCD screens because Project Manager thought it was not feasible to include some things in the new requirements because of the new project requirements from their bosses. Therefore, the group decided not to use LCD screens.
Industrial Designer first gave a presentation about the technical design of the remote control. The remote control should be compact, be original, be familiar, and have one recognisable button in the middle, where you do the most important functions with. The material should be hard plastic with rubber from the outside, and the labelling of the buttons should be indestructible. The functions should be universal standards. The design should be compatible with the new D_V_D_ and other releases we have.
User Interface thought they should use more buttons than the current one when discussing the technical function design.
The group agreed that having an LCD screen on top of the remote was a good idea, but it would be hard to see what was on the screen and it might not be easy to use. Also, Project Manager pointed out that the LCD screen would be expensive, so the group decided to keep it simple.