It's called "musical frisson" and it's caused by a chemical called dopamine. 

Dopamine is a neurotransmitter in your brain that makes you feel good. When you hear a song, your brain releases dopamine, which causes your heart rate to increase and your body temperature to rise.

When you see a large crowd sing along to music, your body releases dopamine as well, and it causes your blood pressure to rise and your heart to beat faster.
I think it's because it's the look of the film. 

Hitchcock's To Catch a Thief was set in the 60s and 70s, and it was a time when leather and heavy eye makeup were very popular.

It's also the time when people started wearing leather and eye makeup because it was fashionable.
A bush is a plant that grows along the ground. A tree is a tree that grows up to a certain height.
It's not hard to breathe with a strong air gust blowing straight at your face, it's hard to breath with a gust blowing directly at your lungs. 

Your lungs are open to the air, so when the wind blows straight at you, it pushes the air out of your lungs and into your mouth, which causes your lungs to constrict, which makes it hard for you to breathe.
It doesn't necessarily mean you will get cancer, but it does mean that you are more likely to develop it. 

If you have a mutation in a gene that causes you to develop cancer, it means that your body will produce more cancer cells, which means that you will develop more cancer.
The Super Bowl is the last game of the regular season.  It's the last week of the season, so it's the best time of the year to play it.

It's also the last day of the NFL regular season before the playoffs, so the teams have a chance to rest up for the big game.
I'm not sure, but I think it has something to do with the way the letters are arranged in the alphabet. 

When you type, you use a different letter for each letter of the alphabet than you do when you write.

For example, when you type "a", you use the lowercase letter "a" because it's shorter than "a". When you write, you write with the uppercase "A" because that's what you're used to.
They don't have to agree on how things are split.  

Divorce is a legal contract between two people.  If one of them wants something, the other has to agree to it.
We don't know. 

We know that other people see the same things we see.  We just don't see them the same way we see them.
A plane is a plane, a jet is a jet engine.

A plane has wings, a plane has a fuselage, a cockpit, and a crew. 

Jet engines are designed to fly higher and faster than a plane with wings, so they have to be more powerful and have more thrust.  A plane also has to be able to carry more passengers, so it has to have a bigger fuselage.
Megabits and megabytes are two different things. Megabits are the number of megabytes of data that can be transferred in a given amount of time.

Megabytes are the amount of bytes that you can transfer in a single second.
Depression is not a disease. It is a mental illness. It can be treated with medication.
Because it's a tax deduction.

1/100 = 1/100 of 1 cent.
I think it's because it's a defense mechanism. 

Dogs have a natural instinct to protect themselves from predators.  When they go to the bathroom, they want to make sure they don't get eaten by a predator.  They don't want to be eaten.  If they do get eaten, they will poop in the poop.  It's a way for them to keep themselves from getting eaten by predators.
Sound effects are used to create a sense of terror. 

When you hear a high pitch sound, you're hearing it as if it's coming from somewhere far away.

If you hear it coming from a distance, you can't hear it as close to you as you would if it were coming from the ground. 


When it comes from a close-up, you hear the sound coming from far away, but you don't hear the low-pitched sound of the ground hitting the ground, so it's hard for you to tell what it is.



If it's
The government is not legally allowed to hide a bill within a larger bill. The Constitution says that the government can't do that.
The wifi on an airplane can't identify and block VoIP calls.

It's not just data whether it's a video clip or voice
It's not that they can't print their own currency, it's that they don't have the means to do so. 

Gold is backed by gold, and the value of gold is determined by the price of gold.  Gold is a store of value, so if you want to print more gold, you need to buy more gold.
I'm not an expert on poaching, but I'll try my best to explain.

Poaching is a crime.  It's illegal.  

It's illegal because it's illegal to kill animals for their ivory.  The law says you can't do it, but you can do it if you want to.  If you're hunting a lion, for example, you're breaking the law.  You can't kill a lion for its ivory, but if you're killing a leopard for its horn, you can.  There's no law against killing a lion to sell its horn
The Tiananmen Square was the site of a massive student protest during the Cultural Revolution in China in the late 1960s and early 1970s. 

It was a time when the Communist Party was trying to impose their own version of "democracy" on the country.  The government was very concerned that the students were trying to overthrow the government, and they wanted to punish them for it.

The students were protesting because they felt that they were being oppressed by the regime, and that the government was not doing enough to protect them.  They were also protesting against the fact that they had not been given
When water and ice are clear, the light that hits them is absorbed by the water molecules, so they appear white. When they are covered in snow, they reflect the light back at you.
I'm not sure what you mean by "safe". 

If you want to be a whistle blower in the Wells Fargo case, how could you do so safely?
You are technically dead when the electrical activity in your brain stops. 

If the brain stops working, you are considered dead.
I think it's because when you make a kissy noise, you're trying to get them to look up at you. 

When you say your cat's name, it's a way to get their attention.
In a direct democracy, the government is directly elected by the people.

In a parliamentary democracy, it is elected by people who are directly elected.
You can buy antibiotics over the counter in the US, it's just that the FDA doesn't allow it. 

The FDA has a monopoly on the sale of antibiotics, and they don't want you to be able to buy them without a prescription.
Sleep paralysis is caused by a malfunctioning of the brain's ability to distinguish between the different stages of sleep. 

REM sleep is the period of sleep when your brain is most active.  When you are in REM sleep, your body is trying to transition from one stage of sleep to the next.  During this transition, your brain has a lot of things going on.  Some of these things include:

1. Your brain is telling your body that you need to move.  Your muscles are telling your brain that you can't move.

2. Your body is telling you that you are
When you blow, the air in your mouth is being pushed out of your mouth by the muscles in your jaw. When you exhale through your nose, you are blowing through the air stored in your cheeks, and when you blow through your mouth, you're exhaling through your nostrils.

When the air is pushed out, your jaw muscles contract, which causes the air to be pushed back into your mouth. This creates a sound.
Banks only insure your money for around 100k, how do people like Bill Gates protect their enormous wealth?
The voltage is measured by using a series resistor. 

A series resistor is a series of pins that are connected to a series capacitor which then connects to the trigger and threshold pins.

The threshold pins are used to measure the voltage of the board.  The voltage of a circuit is measured using the voltage between the threshold pins and the trigger pins.  If the threshold pin is higher than the trigger pin, it means that the voltage is higher.  When the trigger is lower than the threshold, the voltage drops.
Yes, it is possible. It is possible for a shape or object to lack any positions where it can be balanced.

The problem is that there is a limit to the amount of forces that can be applied to an object. 

For example, if you take a piece of paper and put it on a table, you will notice that if you put it down on the table, the paper will fall to the floor, and if you try to put it back up, it will fall back to the table again. This is because the paper is made up of two pieces of paper, one of which
I'm not an expert, but I can give you a few pointers.

First of all, there are a lot of different ways to make a documentary. 

There are two main ways:

1. You can use a camera crew to travel to the scene of the action and film it.  This crew will go to the location where the story is being told.  They will take pictures of the scene, film it, edit it, and then send it back to the producer.  
2. They can also use a crew of people who know how to film and edit the
They don't owe themselves money, they borrow it from other countries.  They borrow money from central banks.  The central bank creates money by printing it, and then they sell it to people who want to buy it.  This is called "monetizing" the money.
Google has been playing the game for a long time. 

The game was first released in July of 2016, and has been downloaded over 500 million times worldwide, and became the fastest game to make over $500 million in revenue.
The white ball has a higher surface area than any of the other balls, so it will pass through the chute.

The other balls have a lower surface area, so they will not.
The prongs are where the outlet prongs go, not the other end of the cord.  

If you move the prongs out of the way, you can't get the plug to fit into the receptacle.
We don't know. 

Dinosaurs have been extinct for millions of years, and we don't really know which dinosaurs lived in what age.

We do know that there were a lot of different groups of dinosaurs that lived in different ages, but we can't tell which ones lived in which age because they were all killed off at the same time. 


We know that the Cretaceous-Paleogene extinction event wiped out most of the dinosaurs, but not all of them, and that's why we know the difference between the two ages.  We know because we have fossils
Net neutrality is the principle that the internet should not be monopolized by any one company. 

For example, if you want to watch a movie on Netflix, you should be able to watch it on Netflix.  But if you have a cable company, you shouldn't have to pay them for access to Netflix.
It's called absinthe. 

Absinthe is made from wormwood, which is a type of wormwood.

It's not a thing.
It's not that scratches on a disc destroy data, it's that if you scratch the top layer of the disc, the laser can't read the data on the bottom layer, so it can't write any more data. 

If you scratch a scratch on the top of a CD, you can write the data to the CD, but if you write it to the bottom, it will be overwritten.
I think it's because truck stops sell freakishly large knives because they want to sell them to people who don't want to pay full price for them.
ALS is a form of motor neuron disease. It is caused by damage to the motor neurons in the brain. 

When a person has ALS, they can no longer communicate with each other. They can't walk, talk, eat, etc.

They can also lose their ability to communicate with other people, and they can't communicate with their family or friends. This causes them to lose the ability to speak, communicate with others, and communicate with the outside world. This is why people are doing the ice bucket challenge.
They can't just drill for oil and transport it across the globe without anyone noticing!
When you are driving a manual transmission, you are using the stick shift to shift from 1st to 2nd, 3rd to 4th, 5th to 6th, 7th to 8th, 9th to 10th, 11th to 12th, and so on. 

When you use a stick shift, you're using the gear stick to move the car up and down the gears.  When you use the stick to shift into a gear, the car is in the same gear as it was when you started the car.

The reason you don't want to get stuck in a
Stress causes your body to release a hormone called cortisol, which is a hormone that causes your skin to release chemicals called endorphins. These chemicals are released by your skin, and when you are stressed, your body releases them, and your skin reacts by producing a reaction called a periosteal reaction. This reaction causes the skin to become inflamed, which leads to breakouts.
I don't know the exact science behind it, but I'm going to assume it has something to do with shock.

When you jump off of a high bridge, your body is going to hit the ground at about 75 mph (120 km/h). The force of the impact causes your body to compress, which causes your organs to rupture and cause you to die. 

If you jump from a lower bridge, you will hit the water at a much lower speed, and your body will compress, causing you to be unable to breathe. This causes your heart to stop beating, and you will die
I'm not an astrophotographer, but I can give you an idea of how it's done.

First, you have to take a picture of the sky. 

You have a camera that has a wide field of view, and a lens that focuses on a specific point in the sky, and then you use a special lens that allows you to focus on that point in a specific way. 


Then you have a telescope, and you use the telescope to look at the sky from a certain angle.  This is called a [telescope](_URL_0_).
Chocolate milk contains a lot of minerals and electrolytes, which helps to replenish the fluids lost during the workout. 

Chocolate is also rich in flavonoids, which help to reduce inflammation and slow down the development of atherosclerosis.
Yes, they do. 

They are entitled to compensation for the time they spent in prison, but it depends on the jurisdiction.

In the US, they are not entitled to any compensation for their wrongful sentencing.
They don't get involved in drug trafficking or illegal weapons.

They get involved because they are doing their job.
Your eyes are photosensitive, meaning that they are sensitive to light.  When you look at a bright light, the light from the sun hits your eyes and causes them to dilate.  This causes your pupils to open wider, which causes the light to pass through the lens and into your brain.  Your eyes are also sensitive to dark light, so if you wear dark glasses, you will see a black shadow in direct sunlight.
It's not standard, it's just a matter of preference. 

If you want to be able to change the side of the fuel cap, you need to make sure it's on the right side.
It's called essential pruritus. It's caused by a chemical called histamine. It causes the skin to release chemicals that irritate the skin, which causes it to itch. 

When you scratch your itch, you're actually increasing the amount of histamine production in your skin. This means that your skin is producing more histamine, which makes it itchier.
You are looking at your own reflection. 

He is looking at his reflection.
They use radar. 

Radar is a device that measures the speed of a car at a given distance.  It uses the distance between the car and the radar to calculate the speedometer of the car in front of it.  If the car is moving at the same speed as the radar, the radar will tell the car behind it that it is traveling at the speed that the radar is measuring.  The car behind the radar can then use that information to calculate its own speed.

If there is a lot of traffic, they can use the radar data to estimate the other car's speed.
Puerto Rico is not a state. It is a territory of the United States. 

It is part of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, which is a group of islands in the Caribbean.  It is not an independent state, but a federal territory, which means that it is subject to the jurisdiction of the federal government.  The federal government does not have the power to impose any laws on the island, but it does have the authority to enforce federal laws on it.

The federal government is not allowed to interfere in the affairs of the island other than in the areas of foreign affairs.
Wifi waves travel through walls because the walls are made of a material that is a good conductor of light. 

If you look at a picture of a wall, you'll notice that it's made of glass.  It's a very good conductor, but it's also very good at absorbing light.

When light hits the glass, it bounces off of the glass and bounces back off the wall.  This is called total internal reflection.
I'm not sure what you mean by "why should I care". 

The NSA is spying on you because they are trying to find out who is responsible for the 9/11 attacks.  They are also trying to track down the people responsible for those attacks, and if they find out they can use that information to find the people who were responsible for them.

If you're not doing anything wrong, then you don't have a reasonable expectation of privacy.  If you are doing something wrong, you do have a right to privacy.
Your brain is full of chemicals called neurotransmitters. When you sleep, these chemicals are released into your brain, and when you wake up, they are released back into the brain. 

When you dream, your brain is releasing chemicals called endorphins. Endorphins are the chemicals that make you feel happy, sad, angry, scared, etc. These chemicals are also the ones that cause you to wake up in the middle of the night.

If you have a bad dream, the chemicals in your brain are released in the wrong place at the wrong time, and your brain thinks it's
It depends on the state. 

In the U.S. it's called the Uniform Child Custody Jurisdiction and Enforcement Act (UCJA).  It's a law that states that the child must be in the custody of the parent who filed the petition for divorce.

It's also called the "best interest" rule, which states that it's in the best interest of the child to have the child with one parent.
The origin and/or purpose of the 5 cent refund on glass bottles is to discourage people from buying glass bottles in the first place.  

When you buy a bottle of soda, you pay the tax on it.  If you return the bottle, you get a refund of the tax.
It's a cultural thing. 

Jews have a strong sense of pride in their heritage, which is why they tend to be more generous with their money than other ethnic groups.

It's not that they're cheap, it's just that they are perceived to be cheap. 


_URL_0_
The Concorde project was cancelled because it was too expensive. The British government had lost money operating Concorde every year, and moves were made to cancel the service entirely.
The Electoral College is the body that elects the president, not the people who vote for the president. 

If the popular vote were to decide who the president is, it would be a very different system.

The electoral college is a deliberative body whose members would choose a President (and Vice President, after 1800) based on their own preferences.
They don't know. 

They can't.  They can only know if it's an attack or just a test.  If it's a test, it's not an attack.

If it is an attack, they know because they can see it on the radar.  It's not because the missile is fired, it is because it has a transponder.  The missile has a radio transmitter, and the transmitter emits radio waves.  These radio waves are reflected back to the missile by the missile's guidance system.  When the missile sees the radio waves, it knows that it
I think it's because the person looking directly into the camera lens is not making eye contact with anyone looking at the picture or video, but it's not the same with a live person.
Rape is not as traumatic as just getting beaten up. 

It's just as traumatic because it's an invasion of your body.
Geodes are made of rock that has been eroded away from the earth's surface by erosion.  

When you look at a geode, you can see that it's made up of many different layers of rock.  Some geodes are formed by erosion, some are formed when water evaporates from the ground, and some are made by erosion by wind.

Some geodes form when water is evaporated from the surface, and the water is washed away by the wind.  This is called sedimentary rock, and it's mostly made of sandstone, but it can also be made of
I think it's because the weight of the leg is transferring to the sole of your shoe. 

When you're sitting down, your foot is resting on the seat of the chair, so the weight is transferring from your feet to your shoes.
I think it has to do with the fact that razors are made of stainless steel, which is a very expensive material to manufacture. 

It's not just the blades, it's also the blades themselves.

A razor blade starts as a blank piece of steel, and it's made by a company called "Stainless Steel".  The company makes the blades and then sells them to other companies, who then sell them to retailers.  The retailers then sell the blades to other retailers, and then the retailers sell them back to the manufacturer.  This is why they are so damn expensive
If you were to blow up the financial buildings like they did in Fight Club and reset the debt record, what would that accomplish exactly?
When you look into UV light, you're looking at the light coming from the sun, and the light is bouncing off of your eyes. 

Your eyes are made up of a bunch of cells called rods and cones.  The cones are the ones that see the light, while the rods are what see the color.  When UV light hits your eyes, it hits the rods and hits the cones, causing them to change shape.  This causes the light to bounce off of the cones and bounce off the rods, causing the rods to look wavy.

When you have gel nails done, the
It's called a "curved cane" and it comes from a joke that a comedian told a long time ago. 

It's not a real thing, it's just a way to get the audience to laugh at a bad comedian.

_URL_0_
The 3.5mm minijack to cassette adapters work by using a small hole in the end of the tape that allows the tape to be looped through the hole. 

The hole is called a [lockhole](_URL_0_).  It's basically just a hole that lets the tape in and out of the cassette.
Steroids inhibit the growth of the muscle fibers. 

When you work out, your body produces a lot of proteins called myofilaments.  These are the proteins that make up the muscle.  When you exercise, you're increasing the amount of myofilsament, which is the part of your muscle that makes the muscles contract.  The more you exercise the more your muscles contract, and the more the more they are made.

The problem is that when you take steroids, they make your body produce more of the same proteins.  This means that your body is producing more of
Audio is encoded in such a way that it can be played back at a higher rate than video. 

When the connection goes down, the audio signal is lost, and the video signal has to be re-encoded.
It's called a "flower cut". 

It's basically when you cut a diamond with a sharpened knife.

The diamond is made of graphite, which is a crystalline form of diamond.  It's made up of a bunch of carbon atoms arranged in a circle.  When you cut the diamond, you're cutting a hole in the center of the graphite.  This allows you to separate the diamond into smaller diamonds.  The diamond is then shaped into a diamond shape, and the diamond is cut into a smaller diamond shape.
A cat-less exhaust is a system where the exhaust pipe is not resonated. 

A resonated exhaust is when the pipe is resonated, meaning that the air is pushed out of the exhaust by the exhaust manifold.

Non-resonated exhausts are when the exhaust pipes are not resonant, meaning they are not pushed out by the muffler.
A free market is a system in which people are free to buy and sell goods and services at whatever price they want. 

In a free market, everyone has the liberty to enter, leave and participate in the market as they so choose.
Soda and milk are the same size, but the size of the bottle determines the weight of the drink. 

Soda is a lot heavier than milk, so it takes up a lot more space, and the bottle has to be bigger to hold it.

Milk, on the other hand, is much smaller than soda, so the bottle needs to be big enough to hold a lot of water.
I think it has something to do with the fact that Pakistan is a nuclear power and India is a major ally. 

Pakistan has a lot of problems with their neighbors, especially India.  They have a long history of terrorist attacks on their soil, and they have a history of fighting wars with each other over Kashmir.  India is also a big ally of Pakistan, and Pakistan is an ally of India, so they have to play nice with India.
It's not that it's raw meat, it's that the bacteria in your blood is in your mucous membranes. 

The bacteria in the blood are called Enteroviruses, and they're not harmful to humans.

It's just that if you get a cut on your finger, you're more likely to get food poisoning if you eat it.
I'm not a baseball expert, but I'll try to explain it as best I can.

Baseball is a team sport.  

1. Teams are divided into 2 groups of 4 teams. 
2. Each team has 4 players, and each player has 4 at bats.
3. Each player has 2 at bats per game.
4. The team with the most at bats wins.
5. The teams with the fewest at bats win.
6. Teams with the least at bats lose.
7. Teams that have the most home runs win.
You can tell if a suit is high quality by how it fits.  

Bespoke suits are made by a tailor.  They use a pattern that is tailored to the customer's measurements.  This means that they have to tailor the suit to fit the client's measurements, which means that the tailor has to take measurements of the client and adjust them to fit them.  If the suit is too big or too small, the tailor will have to make a new suit for the client, which can cost a lot of money.

Also, if you're buying a suit from a designer,
I think it has to do with the way they sound on camera. 

I'm not sure if it's because they're actors, but I think it's just because they sound like shit.
They don't. 

They are paid to do AMAs.  They are paid by a company called "AmbassadorsGroup" which is a for-profit marketing company, AmbassadorsGroup to solicit participants.
Public Debt is often shown as a share of GDP. 

Revenue is the amount of money that the government gets from the people.

The debt is the percentage of total revenue that is allocated to debt principal and interest payments.
Your phone has a lot of heat in it. 

When you're playing a game, your phone is using the same amount of power as it does when you're using it as a hotspot.

Your phone is also using a lot more power than it should be.  It's not just the CPU, it's also the RAM, the flash memory, and the hard drive.
Sugar is made up of glucose and fructose. 

Glucose is the most common type of sugar, and fructose is the second most common.

Fructose is a sugar molecule, and glucose is a glucose molecule.  It's a long chain of molecules, so it's not as sweet as it sounds.
The moon has an atmosphere, so it's not as cold as you might think. 

Mars has a thin layer of liquid water in the upper atmosphere, but it doesn't have a thick enough atmosphere to keep up with the heat of the sun.

The moon's atmosphere is thin enough that it absorbs a lot of the heat from the sun, but not as much as the atmosphere of Mars.
Verizon and AT & T are not the fastest internet providers, they are the best mobile phone providers.

AT & T is the fastest in the US, Verizon is the best in the world.
They do a lot of things while they're running for president.  

1. They have to answer questions from the press.

2. They need to get their message out to the American people.  They have a lot to say to them, and they need to make sure they get the message out.  If they don't do this, they can't win. 
3. They get paid for it.  A lot of the time, they have to pay for their own staff to do their jobs.  For example, if they are running for President, they will have to
It depends on the copyright laws in the country. 

In the United States, the Copyright Act (COPAA) says that you can't use copyrighted material without permission from the copyright holder.  This is called "fair use".  It means that you're allowed to use the copyrighted material in a way that doesn't infringe the copyright owner's rights.  For example, if you use a picture of a building, you're not infringing on the owner's copyright.

However, in other countries, such as the UK, it's called "safe harbor".  This means that if you
Binary data is a sequence of binary numbers. 

1 = 0

2 = 1

3 = 2

4 = 3

5 = 4

6 = 5

7 = 6

8 = 7

9 = 8

10 = 9

11 = 10

12 = 11

13 = 12

14 = 13

15 = 14

16 = 15

17 = 16

18 = 17

19 = 18

20 = 19

21 = 20

22 = 21

23
You can sell your own data for a profit, but you have to agree to it. 

If you don't have a choice, you can't.
IMAX 3D glasses are polarized. 

They use a special lens that filters out light from one eye and reflects it back to the other.

3D glasses use a different lens.  They are polarized so that each eye sees the same image, but the light from the other eye is reflected back to your brain.  This creates the illusion of 3D.
If the umbilical cord was never detached neither from the baby nor from the mom, then the baby would die. 

If it was detached from the mother, then it would cause severe bleeding and loss of blood flow to the baby, which would cause the baby to die.
I think it has to do with the quality of the wood and the materials used. Old instruments are made of wood that has been used for a long time, and are more durable than new ones.
IPv6 addresses are more efficient, but IPv4 addresses are less efficient. 

IPv4 addresses can be used for more things than IPv6 addresses.  IPv6 is more efficient because it uses more space, but it is also more expensive to use.  It's also more complicated to use, so it's not really practical to use IPv6.
The President doesn't have the authority to close Guantanamo Bay.  The Congress does.
I think it's because they don't want to have to pay YouTube for the right to stream their content. 

Youtube has a huge amount of ads on their video servers, so they want people to watch their videos on their own channel. LiveLeak doesn't have any ads, so it's not worth it.
It's not that the US needs, or doesn't need, to have its military at the size that it is.

It's that we are a superpower. 

We are the only country in the world that is capable of standing toe to toe with any of the other superpowers.  We have the most powerful military in the history of the world, and we have the largest military budget of any other country.
American Football for an Englishman.

American Football is a team sport that is played in a gridiron style.  It is similar to American basketball, except that it is played with a ball rather than a basketball.  

In American football, the ball is kicked into the end zone.  There is a goal at the end of the field called the "goal line".  The goal line is the goal line, and the kicker is the person who kicks the ball into the goal.  The kicker is usually the guy who kicks it from the left side of the endzone.  If the
Your taste buds are not genetically determined.  They are influenced by your environment.  When you are young, you are exposed to a wide variety of foods.  As you get older, your taste buds become more sensitive to certain things.  This is why some people have a preference for salty foods and others for sweet foods.
Buses have to stop at all rail crossings. 

Buses are designed to be able to go faster than cars, so they have to slow down when they cross the tracks.

The reason they stop at rail crossings is because they can't go as fast as cars.
The capacity of our brains can be roughly measured in bytes.  

We don't know exactly, but we do know that we can store a lot of information in short-term memory, which is about 7 plus-or-minus 2.

If you want to know how much information you can store in a single byte, you have to divide it into chunks.  You can do this by dividing it into binary bits.  If you divide it in binary bits, you can get the same amount of information, but you need to divide the number of bits into smaller chunks.
It's because it's easier to write a prescription for a drug than it is to write an actual prescription for something else.

It's also easier for the patient to remember the name of the drug than to remember what it is.
Calculator, accelerator, detonator, and detonator are all derived from the same Latin word: "calculator" and "explosor".

The English word for calculator is the same as the Latin word for detonator.
Conflict of interest is when a director has a conflict of interest with respect to a business. 

For example, if you are a director of a company and you have a financial interest in a company, you can't vote on a board of directors' decision.

If you're a board member of a business, and you want to vote on the board's decision, you need to be able to prove that you don't have any conflicts of interest.
Don't blame the victim.

The victim is the one who caused the situation, not the perpetrator.
The TSA was created in response to the 9/11 attacks.  It was supposed to be a security measure to prevent terrorists from getting through the airport.  But it was ineffective, inefficient, and ineffective.

The TSA has been around for a long time, and it is still around.  There is no reason for it to be abolished.
The Fed is trying to stimulate the economy by raising interest rates.  

When the Fed raises interest rates, they are trying to encourage people to borrow more money to invest in the economy.  They are also trying to slow down the rate at which the economy is growing.  If the economy grows too fast, it will cause inflation, which will cause interest rates to rise.

If the economy slows down too much, the Fed will have to raise rates.
Nuclear weapons are very difficult to decommission. The process is very expensive, time-consuming, dangerous for workers, hazardous to the natural environment, and presents new opportunities for human error, accidents or sabotage.
Inbreeding screws up the genetic code.

When you mate with someone close to you, you're creating a lot of genetic variation. 

If you have two people with the same genetic code, they're both homozygous for the same recessive allele, and if they have the same DNA, they are both heterozygous.  This means that they have a higher chance of having the same allele, which means that if they mate with each other, they will both have that same allele.  If they have two different genes, they'll both have different alleles, so they'll have different
When you turn it off and on again, the computer will start up again. 

It's not so much that the computer can't be solved by turning it off, it's that it can't.

When the computer is running, it has a lot of things going on.  It's not that it's not able to do anything, it just doesn't know what to do with it.  If it's trying to do something, it might not know how to do it, and if it does know how, it won't be able to.  The computer is programmed to do things
T-Mobile's unlimited data plan is not hurting net neutrality.

It is hurting competition.  

T-mobile is a monopoly.  They have a monopoly because they are the largest provider of mobile data in the US.  If you want to use their network, you have to pay them for it.  This means that if you use it, they will throttle your connection.  It also means that you will not be able to connect to the internet if you don't have a contract with them.  T-Mobile doesn't want to have to compete with other carriers, so they are
Oxygen in closed rooms is stored in cryogenics, which is a chemical reaction that releases oxygen when heated or cooled down. 

In a closed room, the oxygen in the room is stored at a lower pressure than the room's atmosphere, so it can be used for other purposes.

If you want to store oxygen in a sealed container, you need to keep the room at a certain pressure, which means that the room has to have a certain amount of oxygen in it.
I think it's a way to show that they're not afraid of you, and that they know you're not going to hurt them. 

_URL_0_
The screen is actually a bunch of tiny LEDs that are connected to a battery. 

When the phone is in standby mode, the battery is being used to power the screen, and when it is turned on, it is used to charge the phone's battery.
>  What exactly does that mean for the average Californian?

It means that California will no longer be able to raise property taxes without voter approval.

This is a big deal because property taxes are one of the most important sources of revenue for the state government.  

California is the largest state in the US and has the highest property tax rate in the nation.  It is also the most populous state.  This means that the state has a lot of money to spend on things like roads, schools, roads, parks, etc.  These are all things that are important to the
When air is in motion, it is constantly moving. 

When it is still, it doesn't feel colder.  It feels warmer.  When it is moving, it feels colder.
Because they were in restricted airspace. 

They were in the restricted airspace because they were hijackers.

The planes were heading for the twin towers, not the other way around.
The Federal Reserve is the central bank of the United States.  It is the Federal Government's bank.  The Federal Reserve acts as a banker's bank and as the government's bank, it helps to assure the safety and efficiency of the payments system.  

The Fed also regulates and supervises private banks.  They have supervisory responsibilities for state-chartered banks that are members of the Federal Reserve, but they are not regulated by the Fed.
County roads and interstates are numbered in the same way as state roads. 

The first two digits represent the county's name, and the third and fourth are the state's.

State roads are designated with the prefix "A" and a one-, two- or three-digit number.
Because log cabins are made of solid wood, which is much harder to heat than wood that is made of wood.

Also, they are made out of logs, which are very hard to heat.
Finger nails grow at an average rate of 3. Toenails grow at about 0.1mm/day.

Your index finger nails grow faster than your toenails.
There is a lot of speculation about the meaning of dreams, but I don't think it has anything to do with the fact that we don't really know what they mean. 

There are many theories about why we dream, but the most common one is that they are a way for our brains to process information. When we sleep, our brains are processing information from our environment, and the more information we get, the more likely we are to remember it.

For example, if you have a dream that you dreamt about being in the middle of a fight, you're more likely to remember that
Your skin has a layer of fat called sebum. 

When you pour water on your skin, the water evaporates from the deeper layers of the skin, causing it to dry out.

Moisture is produced by the skin's lipid bilayer, which acts as a barrier between the skin and the water.
It's not misleading. 

It's misleading because it's not a loss.  It's a loss because they're not making enough money to cover the cost of the cars they're selling.  They're making a lot of money, but they're losing money because they can't sell enough cars to cover their costs.
It's because they don't like to use eyewitness testimony in court. They prefer video evidence to eyewitness testimony.
There are two main reasons for this.

1. The first is that there are more mutations in Africa than there are in Asia. 

2. The second is that Africa is more densely populated than Asia, so there is more space for mutations to occur. 


1) There are more people in Africa, so mutations are more likely to occur in Africa.
2) There is less space for mutation to occur because there are fewer people to spread the mutation.
3) The more people there are, the more mutations there are.
4) It is easier to spread mutations to other
The IMEI unlock codes are generated by the manufacturer of the fob. 

The manufacturer uses a device called the [KOV-21](_URL_0_).  It is a device that can read the RFID tag on the key fob and generate a code that can be used to unlock the car.

It's not really that hard to do, it's just that it takes a long time to generate the code, and it's not that easy to crack.
Chick-fil-A is a fast food restaurant that serves chicken and french fries.  It's not a feminist restaurant, it's a business that sells chicken and fries.

The Chick-Fil-A controversy stems from the fact that the company is owned by a religious organization called the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS).  They are a fundamentalist Christian organization that believes that women should not be allowed to have children, and that men should be able to marry and have children of their own.  They believe that if a woman is not able to have a child, then she
Asphalt is made of bitumen, which is a mixture of sand and salt. 

Salt is a very hygroscopic substance, so it sticks to the surface of the asphalt, making it harder for the asphalt to dry out.
Voter fraud is extremely rare in the United States.

Voter ID laws are a good idea because they reduce the likelihood of fraud. 

The problem is that the laws are discriminatory against minority groups and the elderly, who are less likely to have photo IDs.
Because they are a conventional military. 

They are not guerrilla fighters.  They are well trained, well armed, and well organized.

The air strikes are not going to cripple them, they are going to destroy them.
I think it has to do with a lot of things. 

1. Europe is a lot more densely populated than Africa.

2. Europe has more land, which means that they have more land to exploit.
Different brands of fuel are produced by different companies. 

For example, if you want to buy a gallon of premium unleaded gasoline, you need to buy it from a company called Mobil.  They make it in different grades of unleaded.  The higher the grade, the higher the octane rating.  Higher octane ratings mean higher performance, which means higher octane performance.  So if you're driving a car with a 100 octane engine, you're going to want to get it from Mobil.

If you're running low on unleaded, you might want to go to a
I think it has to do with the fact that he is the first African American president in a long time. 

He was elected on a platform of "change" and "change for the better" and he has failed to deliver on those promises.
Light doesn't stop, it just slows down. It's like when you turn on a light switch and it stops working for a few seconds and then it starts working again.
I'm not an expert, but I can give you a few pointers.

1. Look at the source. 

Source:

_URL_0_
When you are sick, your body is trying to get rid of the germs that are causing you to feel weak.  Your body is also trying to keep you from infecting other people.
Emotions are not "advanced" in the sense that they have evolved to be able to be used for more than one purpose. 

Humans have been able to pick up other emotions through evolution.  For example, we can pick up fear, anger, sadness, and disgust.  But we can't pick up embarrassment and laughter because those are not advanced emotions.

Emotions like fear and laughter are not considered advanced because they do not have a specific function.  Emotions like anger and sadness are considered advanced emotions because they are used to help us survive and reproduce.  They are not
The Dalai Lama is the reincarnation of the 13th Dalai Lama. He was the last Dalai Lama, who was the leader of the Tibetan people. He died in 1959, and was succeeded by his son, Tenzin Gyatso.
Supply and demand is based on supply and demand.

During the busiest shopping seasons (like Christmas) stores offer the biggest discounts because they need to sell the most stuff to make the most money.
When you're sick, the bacteria in your intestines are producing a chemical called prostaglandins. These are a type of protein that binds to the pigments in your poop. When you're not sick, your body doesn't have enough of these proteins, so your poop is not as green as it would be if you were sick.
It's not that Africa has always been poor, it's just that it's always been underdeveloped. 

There are a lot of reasons for this, but the main ones are:

1. It's a very inhospitable place to live.

2. There's not enough food to feed the entire continent

3. The climate is not conducive to growing crops

4. There are lots of natural resources in Africa, but not enough of them to support a large population

5. There is a huge amount of land that is uninhabited

6. There
Banks don't hold your money, they lend it to you. They lend it out as collateral for a loan, and when you pay them back, they give you the money back.
If you don't shake up the medicine before taking it, you're not going to be able to get the full effect of the drug. 

If you do, you'll end up with side effects like nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, etc.
Genes are not passed on through experience, they are passed on from generation to generation.  

If you have a child who is afraid of snakes, and they grow up to be afraid of them, then that child will have a gene that causes them to be more likely to be scared of snakes.  If you have an adult who is scared of spiders, that gene will be passed on to the next generation.
Nielsen ratings are based on the number of people who watched an episode of a show. 

They use a device called a "homeviewer" which is a device that connects to your TV and records what you watch.

The device is connected to the cable company that broadcasts the show, and they record what people watch. They then use this information to determine how many people watched the show.
When you look at an object from the corner of your eye, your eyes are trying to focus the light from that direction onto the retina, which is the part of the eye that makes up your vision. When you look in the other direction, the light is coming from a different direction, so the light coming from your other eye is not being focused on the retina.
I think it has to do with the fact that when you clap your hands together, you're creating a wave of sound waves. 

When you're clapping, your hands are moving at the same rate as the rest of the room, so the sound waves are coming from the same place.

If you're standing in front of a speaker, you can hear the waves of sound coming from your hands, but you can't hear them coming from other people.  When you stand in a circle, the waves come from all the people around you, so you hear them all at once.
Your brain is a collection of neurons. 

When you have a memory, your brain takes in information from your senses and stores it in the short-term memory store.

Your brain also has a long-term store of information that is stored in the hippocampus, which is the part of your brain responsible for storing memories. 


The hippocampus is a part of the brain that is responsible for remembering things.  It is also the part that stores memories of things that happen in the past.
Richardson is banned for life.  

The owner of the Clippers is now a minority owner.  He is not allowed to own the team.  The Clippers are now owned by a group of people called the "Clippers Foundation".  The Foundation is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization.  They are the owners of the team, but they are not the sole owners.

They are the majority owners of both the Clippers and the Foundation, but the Foundation is the sole owner of both.  It is the Foundation that owns the Clippers, but it is not the majority owner
It's not really a pick-what-channels-you-want option, it's just a way for the cable company to get rid of channels they don't want.
I think it has to do with the fact that Denmark and Sweden don't want to become a third world country. 

In the case of Denmark, it's because they have a very high unemployment rate, and they want to make sure that they don't have to take in as many people as they can.

The problem is that there are a lot of people who don't know how to work, and many of them don't speak the language, so they can't get jobs. 


In Sweden, the problem is the same. They want to keep as many refugees as possible, but
The first toothbrushes were made from twigs and leaves. 

They were used to clean your teeth with soot or soot.
Assembly is a low-level programming language, which uses mnemonics, instructions and operands to represent machine code. 

For example, let's say you want to write a program that takes a string of numbers and tells it to do something.

You can think of it like this:

_URL_0_

Let's say I want to take a string and tell it to go to _URL_1_.

I can write the program in assembly, but I don't know how to write it in assembly. So I can't write it like that. Instead,
I'm not sure what you mean by abandoned, but I think it's a bit like this:

_URL_0_
The thermal scanner uses infrared radiation to measure the temperature of the object. It uses a thermal probe to detect the difference in temperature between the object and the surrounding environment.
Latvian attitude towards Russian language is that it is a minority language, not a national language. 

It's not that they don't like it, it's just that they want to keep it that way.
The median skill level in online games is determined by the number of people who are playing at the same time. 

If you're playing a game that has a maximum skill level of 100, you're going to be playing against people who have a median skill of 100.

There are a few reasons for this:

1. The game is designed to make you feel like you're the best player in the world.  
2. It's a social game.  You're playing with other people who know how to play the game better than you do.
3. There's a
Animals don't have a concept of time. They have a sense of location. 

When you come back from an extended period of time, they are more likely to be happy to see you because they know that you are home.
Tree shade is cooler than other shade because the air around the tree is less dense, which means that it absorbs less heat.

Also, trees have a lot of water stored in their leaves, which helps keep them cooler.
It depends on what you mean by "buffet". 

If you mean "all you can eat", then yes, they are profitable.

But they are not profitable because they don't make enough money to cover the cost of serving the food.  They are profitable because the people who eat them eat more than they pay for it.
It's a combination of things. 

1. Increased availability of fast food and junk food in combination with a low activity lifestyle has contributed to the obesity trend.
There is more water underground than in the oceans. 

The oceans hold 95% of Earth's water, but they are not the only source of fresh water.

Aquifers, lakes, rivers, swamps, and lakes are all sources of water.  They are all part of the same system.  The difference is that the aquifers are much deeper than the oceans, so they can hold a lot more water.
Diarrohea is caused by a build up of mucus in your diaphragm. 

Aspirin is an anti-diarrhea drug.

Ambroxol is a potent inhibitor of the enzyme cyclooxygenase, which is the enzyme that breaks down phlegm in your mucus membranes. 


It works by inhibiting the enzyme, which causes the mucus to be broken down and released into the air.  This is why diarrohea tablets work.
They are the only insects that have the ability to fly. 

They are also the only ones that can't fly.
Grapefruit contains a chemical called naringin, which inhibits the enzyme CYP3A4, which is the enzyme that breaks down drugs. 

When you drink grapefruit juice, you are metabolizing it, which means that the drug will not be able to get into your bloodstream.
Paper is made of cellulose, which is a type of celluloid.  When it gets wet, it loses its elasticity, which means that it is less flexible.  This means that when you tear it, you are tearing the fibers that make up the paper.  

When it's dry, the cellulose fibers are very strong, but when it's wet, they lose their elasticity.  So when you wet the paper, you're breaking the elasticity of the fibers, which makes it softer and more prone to tearing.
You can't remember the start of a dream. 

You can remember the middle through to the end, but not the beginning.
The straw has a hole at the bottom of the straw that allows air to flow through it.

When you drink from the straw, the air is pushed through the straw by the air pressure in your mouth and above the liquid in the straw.
The Latin language was not a dead language, it was a dialect of Greek. 

Greece and Latin were two different languages that were spoken by different people in different parts of the world, and they were both influenced by other languages.  
 
Greek and Latin are two languages that are related to each other, but they are very different languages with very different dialects.

Latin was the language of the Romans, and it was influenced by Greek and Oscan, which were two languages spoken by the same people in the same region of Italy, and both languages were influenced by each
Windows is the default operating system for ATMs. 

It's because it's the most secure operating system.

If you want to run Windows on an ATM, you need to be able to access the cash dispensing mechanism.  If you don't have access to it, you can't.
It's not safe to eat raw chicken because it contains bacteria and parasites.

Beef is safe because it's grass fed and grass fed animals have far fewer E. coli and salmonella.
The Beatles wrote "Let It Be" (Original) in the early 1960s, and "Let it Be...Naked" (Naked) was written in the late 1960s. 

The original was written by Lennon, McCartney, and Ringo Starr, and was released as a single in 1964.  It was a hit, but was re-recorded and re-released as a double A-side single in 1967.
Homeopathy is a pseudoscience. 

It's based on the idea that water is a medicine.  It's not.

There's no evidence that it works.  There's no proof that it's safe or effective, and there's no reason to believe that it can be made to work.
Cigarillos, cigars, and hookahs are not allowed to be flavored.

E-cigarettes are.
Yes, if you properly dispose/incinerate all your trash you will reduce the amount of plastic in the environment. 

However, the problem is that there are many different types of plastic that are not biodegradable.

For example, there are some types of plastics that do not degrade as quickly as other plastics.  These are called "oxo-degradable" plastics, and they do not break down as fast as regular plastics.
A neural network is a circuit of neurons, or in a modern sense, an artificial neural network, composed of artificial neurons or nodes. 

Imagine you have a bunch of neurons in a room.  Each neuron is connected to the other neurons in the room, and each neuron is receiving a signal from the other neuron.  The neurons are connected to each other, and the signal travels from the first neuron to the second neuron, and then to the third neuron, until it reaches the last neuron, which is the output neuron.

When you take a picture of a tree, you can see that the tree is
It's a cultural thing. 

In the early days of the United States, there were a lot of Irish immigrants who came to the US and settled in cities.  Many of them worked in the police force.  In the early 1900s, many of them were immigrants from Ireland.  They were often Irish-Americans, and many of the officers were Irish-American.
HOA's are non-profit organizations.  They are not regulated by the state or federal government.  

They are governed by a board of directors, who are elected by the members of the community.  The board can enforce the rules and regulations of the HOA, but they are not bound by the laws of the state.

The HOA's board may enact rules which are legally binding upon residents as long as they do not conflict with the CC&Rs or state or Federal law.  If they do, the board can sue the owner of the property for non-compliance.
Parallel universes are just a fancy way of saying "we don't know". 

We know that the universe is expanding, but we don't really know how.  We know that it's expanding because we can see it.  But we can't know how fast it is expanding.  It's not like we know how long it will take for it to get bigger, or how big it will get, or anything like that.  There's no way to know for sure.
English is the result of a lot of things. 

1. The English language has been around for a very long time, and has been used by people all over the world.

2. English is a language with a long written past that has preserved many words that might otherwise have been lost or changed, often in fixed texts such as the King James Version of the Bible which are not updated regularly to modernise their language.  
3. English has a long history of being used as a language for trade and communication, and it has been written down in a way that allows it to be
Ebola is very difficult to transmit (direct contact with bodily fluids), how do trained medical professionals with modern safety equipment contract the disease?
It's not going to save money, it's going to make the government more money.

The amount of money that the government spends on bills is a fraction of the amount that it spends on coins. 

If you want to get rid of the one cent bill, you need to cut down on the number of bills that are printed.  If you cut down the amount of one cent bills, you have to cut back on how many of them are printed, which means that the amount the government has to spend on bills will be cut in half.
It depends on the game. 

If you're cracking a game, you need to know how to crack it.

The easiest way to crack a game is to break the code that runs it.  If you have a copy of the game, and you know how it works, you can crack the code.
Social Security is funded through the Federal Insurance Contributions Act (FICA), which is a payroll tax.  

FICA is a tax on the first $128,400 of income for employment; amounts earned above that are not taxed.

The FICA is used to fund the Social Security Trust Fund, which is the money that the government uses to pay out benefits to retirees.  The trust fund is basically a pool of money that is held by the government.  It is not invested in private equities.  Instead, it is invested in Treasury bonds, which are backed by the U.S
The Second Amendment protects the right to keep and bear arms. 

The First Amendment protects an individual right to possess a firearm.  The Second Amendment does not guarantee the right of gun owners to carry concealed firearms in public.
It depends on the company. 

If you're talking about the company, it's usually because they have a contract with you that says that they will refund your money if you don't pay them back.  If they don't, they have to go through the process of proving that they owe you money, and if they're not able to prove that they do, they can go to court and try to get your money back.
Most of America really doesn't like the main options presented for President, what can anybody actually do about it?
Sunrise is when the sun rises from the horizon.

Sunset is the moment when the upper limb of the sun appears on the horizon in the morning.
They don't think for themselves, they think for others.

Think about it like this:

Imagine you have a piece of paper with a picture on it. If you take a picture of the paper, you can see that it has a bunch of letters written on it, but you don't know how many letters there are. You can't see how many words there are, but if you look at the picture, you'll see that there are a lot of letters, and you can't tell how many of them are written on the paper. So if you take the paper and write down how many
Mormons are often thought as very nice and caring people, why are they generally talked about as crazy?
The money goes to the campaign.  

The money is used to pay the salaries of the people who work for the campaign, pay the staff, pay for advertising, travel expenses, etc.  The money is also used to fund the campaign's legal expenses.
A stack is just a list of supplements that you can get for a certain amount of money. 

For example, if you want to get stronger, you need to eat a lot of protein.

Proteins are a great source of protein, but they are expensive, so you have to make sure that you get enough of them to get the desired effect.
It's because they're using a very high resolution sensor to capture images.  

It's not that they're horrible quality, it's that they use a lot of pixels to capture the image, which means that the image quality is lower than it should be.

If you look at old VHS tapes, you'll notice that they have a lot more pixels than they do on digital cameras.  They're using the same sensor that's used in digital cameras, but the resolution is much higher.  This means that you can't see the details that you would normally see on a VHS tape
I think it has something to do with the fact that they are more likely to be entertained by animation than real movies. 

Cartoons have a lot more interactivity and interactivity with the characters, so they are easier for them to understand.

Animations are also easier to watch because they don't have to wait as long for the story to come to a conclusion, so the story can be told in a shorter amount of time.
I'm not a professional, but I can give you a few pointers.

First of all, you need to know what you're talking about.  If you want to do something like that, you have to know how much it's going to cost.  It's not going to be cheap.  You need to be able to estimate the cost of the materials, the labor, the materials you're going to need, and the materials that you'll need to use to make the house livable.  

Second, you also need to have a good idea of what your budget is going to
Coupons are printed in denominations of 1/20 of one cent. 

The denomination of the currency used to print them is determined by the Bureau of Engraving and Printing (BEP).

Coupon denominations are determined by how much money is in the currency.

So, if you have 20 cents in your wallet and you have a coupon for 20 cents, the BEP determines that the value of the coupon is 20 cents.
Fridges and freezers work by heating and cooling. 

A fridge heats up by heating the air around it, and then cooling it down by evaporating it.

Freezers cool down by freezing the water inside the freezer.  This is done by using water to evaporate from the inside of the freezer, and cooling it out. 


Fridge and freezer are mechanical, so they are designed to absorb heat from the air, and let it evaporate out of the outside.  They are also designed to keep the water in the fridge at a certain temperature, so that it doesn't
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'll try to explain. 

Ello is a company that makes an app that allows you to use your phone to send text messages to friends and family.  It's basically a smartphone app that connects to your phone.  You can send texts to your friends, and they can send you text messages back to you.  When you send a text to your friend, you get a text back saying "hey, I want to send you a text message."  If you send the text back, your friend gets a text that says "Hey,
The TSA was created to prevent terrorists from getting through security checks at airports.

The TSA does not need to be shut down.  It is a vital part of the security of airports.
It's because of the Gulf Stream. It's a river that runs through the middle of the world, and because of its influence on the weather. 

In the middle east, it's called the [Gulf Stream](_URL_0_), and it's the main reason why it's so cold in the Middle East.

It's also the reason why most third world countries are in warmer areas than the US.
Yes, it's possible, but it's not something we can "render" or "run" in "real-time". It's more like a process that happens when you're in REM sleep, which is the stage of sleep during which your brain is most active. 

When you're asleep, your brain has a lot of activity going on in your brain, and this activity is synchronized with the activity in your visual cortex (the part of the brain responsible for seeing and hearing things). When you're awake, this activity isn't synchronized, and your brain doesn't have time to process it all.
The black hole has a very strong gravitational pull. 

If you're not familiar with black holes, they are the center of a binary star system.  They are so massive that they can't be seen from the outside of the system, but they can be observed from the inside.  If you're familiar with general relativity, you'll notice that the black hole's gravitational pull is so strong that no matter can escape from it.  This is called the "event horizon".  It's a region of spacetime that is defined by the fact that it is curved in such a way that nothing can escape
I think it has something to do with the shape of his mouth and teeth. 

He is not Bruce Wayne, he is Bruce Wayne.
Being an "attention whore" isn't in a technical sense what everyone on Reddit is doing.

Being an attention whore is a bad thing because it means that you are exploiting the people around you to get their attention.
It's called hypnopompic sleep paralysis. 

When you're in REM sleep, your muscles are hyperpolarized, which means that they can't do anything.  When you move a muscle, it causes them to contract, which causes you to jerk your head back and forth, which wakes you up.
They don't. 

The phone numbers are assigned by the telephone company.  They are not publicly available, but they are publicly available to the public.

If you want to get a phone number, you have to pay a small fee to the phone company to have it listed in the Yellow Pages.  If you don't pay the fee, you can't get it.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it has something to do with the fact that you've been smoking for a long time. 

When you smoke cigarettes, you're inhaling a lot of nicotine.  Nicotine is a very addictive substance.  When you're not smoking, it's not as addictive as it is when you're smoking.  It's the same reason you can't get addicted to any other substance.
You can now directly buy goods from Iran. 

The sanctions are lifted, but you can't do so without permission from the US government.

You can still do business with Iran, but only if you have a special license to do so.
When a fire is large enough to be considered "imminent danger to life or health" (IDLH) the firefighters will stop fighting it.  

When the fire is small enough to no longer pose a threat to life, the fire will be put out.  If it is too big to put out, they will put it out.
The Fappening was a hack of the Find My iPhone app.  It's a program that stores photos on your phone's hard drive.  

The hacker(s) were able to get access to the phone's camera and use it to take a picture of the owner of the phone.
Fluoride is a naturally occurring element in water. It's not a health issue, it's an aesthetic issue. 

There's a lot of debate about whether it's a good idea to add fluoride to water, but there's not enough evidence to say that it has any adverse health effects.

Some people believe that fluoride is bad for your teeth because it can cause tooth enamel to pitting, which can lead to mottling of the enamel. It can also increase the risk of osteoporosis, which is a condition in which your enamel is thinning.
Sharks and other aquatic animals don't need to equalize because they don't have to. 

Sharks use their pectoral fins to push against the water, and their caudal fins to propel them forward.

Fish, on the other hand, use their fins as a stabilizing mechanism.
I'm not sure how they do it, but I'm guessing it's a combination of things. 

1. They know who you are and who your "good friends" are.

2. They also know who your friends are, and who you might know.
When your mouth is wide open you breath out hot air but if your lips are in the same position as if you were about to whistle you breath in cold air
It's not a single frequency of light, it's a combination of different frequencies of light. 

Lasers emit a lot of light at different frequencies.  If you take a picture of a laser, you can see that it's emitting a wide range of frequencies, but you can't see the light coming from the same source.

If you take an image of a light source, you'll see that the light is coming from two different sources.  The source is the source of the light, and the camera is capturing the light from the source.
Your brain is in a state called REM sleep, which is a state of deep sleep. It's a state where your body is in an anabolic state, which means that your body's systems are in such a state that it can't function as well as it normally does. 

When you're in REM sleep your brain can't process the sensory input from your eyes, ears, nose, mouth, tongue, etc. Your brain can only process the information it receives from your senses, so it's not able to process it as well.

This is why you sometimes wake up in the middle of
The Church of Scientology is not a 501(c)(3) non profit.  It is a religious organization, which means that they are not allowed to pay taxes on their profits.  They are allowed to take deductions for auditing and training expenses.
It doesn't. 

Your lungs are made of oxygen-carrying molecules called hemoglobin.  When you smoke weed, you're inhaling CO2, which is a form of carbon monoxide.

When you're not smoking weed, your body doesn't need as much oxygen as it does when you're breathing.
It's called the Emetic response.

It's basically the same as the nausea response. When you see something that makes you feel sick, your brain sends a signal to your stomach to expel the contents of your stomach, which causes you to vomit.
It's not that the laws are non-negotiable, it's that they are not mandatory. 

For example, if you don't want your child to be in a car accident, you can choose to not allow them to drive.  But if you want them to be able to drive, you have to allow the car to be towed.
I don't know for sure, but I think it has something to do with the fact that gay men tend to speak in a more masculine voice than straight men. 

I think it's a cultural thing.

In the early 1900s, linguists were trying to figure out what it was about gay men's speech that was different from that of straight men, and they found that it was the way they pronunciated "s" and "z".

They found that there was a difference between the way gay men and straight men pronounce "s", and it was because of the way that
OEM's products are made by the same company as the products that are sold at retail stores.  

The difference is that the OEM's are made in a different country, so they have a different supply chain.  They also have different manufacturing processes, and they have different quality standards.  This means that they are able to sell their products at a lower price.

If you go to a store and buy something from the same manufacturer, you are paying the same price for the same product.  The difference is in the quality and quality of the product.
It's not that the surrounding countries can't do it, it's that they don't want to. 

Iraq and Syria are not the same country.  The US is the only country in the world with a military capable of standing up to the Islamic State.
Because it is the most common type of cancer. 

It is also the most expensive.

There is a lot of research going on in breast cancer, but it is not as well funded as in other cancers.
I think it has to do with the release date of the movie being different in different countries.  

In the US, the movie is released on the same day as the release of the TV show, so the movie has to be released at the same time.  In the UK, the film is released in the same week as the tv show, which means that the movie will be released a week earlier. 
 
In other countries, the release dates are different because the movie was released in different theaters.  The movie was originally scheduled for release in the UK and North America on 7 November; however, Eon pushed forward the British date to 31 October during filming, while the American date was pushed back in August to 14 November, because they wanted to sell more tickets
When you doodle with a pen, you're drawing with the tip of the pen, not the tip itself.

When you write with a real pen, the tip is held in place by a spring, and the ink is flowing out of the tip.
A USB drive has a switch on the housing that prevents the host computer from writing or modifying data on the drive.

An SD card has no such switch.
The end of the universe is not the end of time. It is the end point at which the universe stops expanding. 

If you try to go further, the universe will stop expanding, and you will die.

The universe is expanding at the speed of light, so if you go any further, you will eventually reach the edge of time and die.
The oceans are running out of fish. 

The problem is that there is a lot of fish in the oceans, and they are not all being caught.

There are many species of fish that are being overfished, and many that are not being caught at all.
Our brains seem to have specific receptors just for drugs. 

Dopamine is a neurotransmitter that is released into the brain by the hypothalamus, which is the part of the brain that controls our sense of taste, smell, sight, taste, touch, and hearing.  When you take a drug, it activates the dopamine receptors in this part of your brain, which makes you feel good.

When you don't take the drug, the receptors don't get activated, but when you take it, they get activated.
Because they're the ones that need it the least. 

Hatchbacks and SUVs tend to be the ones with the most rear-view mirrors, so they get the most sun exposure.
I'm not sure if this is the correct answer, but I'll give it a shot.

Gymnastics scores are based on difficulty and artistic merit. The difficulty score is based on what elements they perform and is a part of the overall score. 

A 10 is the highest possible score, and it's based on the difficulty of the event. 


A 9.5 is the lowest possible score and is used to determine the winner of the competition. A 9.25 is the best possible score for the individual event, and the best overall score for all the events. A 10
The red clown was chosen because it was the color of McDonalds' logo.  It's the same color as the McDonald's hamburger, which is red.

It's also red because it's a color that's popular with children.
I think it's because they're trying to show that they're not afraid of the grass. 

_URL_0_
It would. 

If you were to land on the ocean floor, you would hit the water with enough force to knock the water out of your lungs.

But if you were in a plane, you'd hit the ground with a cannonball.
It's not that it's difficult to get manned craft to the moon nowadays, it's just that we don't have as much money as we did in the 1960's and 70's. 

We spent a lot of money on the Apollo program, but we didn't have the resources to launch and land a crewed craft.

The moon is a very big place, and it's not easy to get a craft to orbit it. It's also very difficult to land a craft on the moon, and even if you could, it would take a lot more time and money than it does now.
I'm not sure what you mean by "parallel universes". 

If you're talking about the universe as a whole, it's not really a parallel universe at all.  It's a collection of parallel universes.  The universe is just a bunch of different points in space and time.  If you go back to the beginning of the universe, you'll find that you're in the past, but you're not in the future.  You're just in the middle of the present.

The universe is a bunch more than that.  There are a lot of different dimensions in the universe
Yes, the kidneys absorb and filter it all, but not all of it. 

Your kidneys are made up of a bunch of cells called the glomerulus.  These cells have a membrane that allows water to pass through them.  When you drink a large amount of water, the water will pass through the membrane, but some of it will go through the pipes.

When you urinate, the membrane breaks down and the water is absorbed by your kidneys.  This is called osmosis.
Firetrucks don't go to emergency situations when there is a fire. They go to emergencies when there are fires. 

The reason they go to an emergency situation is because they are trained to respond to them.  They are not trained to go to a fire when there isn't one.
They measure the solubility of the nutrients in the food. 

Carbohydrates are measured by liquid chromatography.

Proteins are measured using a [liquid chromatography mass spectrometer](_URL_0_).

Fiber is measured by a [polychlorinated biphenyl (PCP) method. 


Sodium is measured using [chemical vapor chromatography]( _URL_1_)

Fatty acids are measured with [chemical vapour chromatography (LC-R). 



Carbs are measured through [calories in
The Dalai Lama is the spiritual leader of Tibet. He is the Dalai Lama of Tibet, which is a small country in the Himalayas in the middle of Asia.  He is a Buddhist monk who is also the spiritual head of the Tibetan government-in-exile.  

He is a very important figure in the Tibetan community, as he is considered to be the spiritual father of the Tibetans.  The Dalai Lama has been in power for more than 50 years, and has been a very influential figure in Tibetan politics.  In the past, Tibet was ruled by the Chinese, and he
They don't intentionally act poorly, they just don't know how to do it well enough to be good at it.
When the car is idling, it emits a "bassy rumble" using speakers mounted in each of the car's four corners, and the sound adapts to the ambient noise it detects so it can always tell what's going on. 

When the engine is running, the vibrations of the air in the engine cause the car to vibrate, which causes the speakers to play back the vibrations.
HD movies use a lot more memory than video games. 

Video games use less memory because they have a lot less data to store.

A video game has a lot of data that needs to be stored in RAM, so it needs less memory to store that data.  It's not like HD movies have to store the same amount of data as a video game.
Mammals have nipples too, but they don't produce enough milk to feed their young, so they have to share their milk with other animals.
It's called a "delete train" and it's caused by a bug in reddit's server. 

The server is trying to keep the site up and running, but it can't keep up with the amount of traffic it's getting, so it has to slow down the server down.

When the server slows down, it's because the server can't handle the volume of traffic coming in and out of the server at the same time, so the server has to take a break. 

 >  When the server breaks down, the server is forced to restart the server, which means the server
The U.S. has been able to test so many nuclear bombs on its own soil without making large areas of the country uninhabitable.

It's not that they didn't want to, it's that they wanted to test as many as they could without causing too much damage.
Bananas have a chemical called ethylene in them that makes them taste different from other fruits.

Bananas are made up of a bunch of different chemicals called ethyl acetate. The ethylene is a chemical that binds to the sugar in the banana, which makes it taste different. 

When you eat a banana, you're tasting ethylene, but it's not the same as the flavor of the banana itself.  It's the chemical that makes the banana taste the way it does.
They don't use a clock, they use the sun, the moon, and the stars. 

If you want to know how long it takes for the sun to set at the South Pole, you need to look at the sky.  If you look at it from the ground, you can see the sun rising and setting at the same time, but if you look up, you'll see that the sun rises and sets at different times.
They don't. 

Delta is owned by Delta Air Lines, which is a subsidiary of American Airlines.  They have the same brand name, so they don't have to worry about trademark issues.

The faucet company, on the other hand, is a separate company.  It's owned by a different company, which has the same name.  So they can't sue each other for trademark infringement.
I think it has to do with cultural norms. 

In North Africa and Asia, it is more socially acceptable for women to smoke.  In developed countries it is not.
I'm not sure how they got to where they are today, but I think it has something to do with the fact that they started out as a luxury car company. 

Audemars Piguet was founded in the early 1900s in Paris, France.  It was the first car company in the world, and it was very successful.

It was a very small company at the time, but it grew to be one of the most successful car companies in Europe.  The company was owned by a group of people who were very wealthy, and they decided that they wanted to expand the company
They don't. 

There are a lot of different groups in different parts of the world, and they all have their own ways of organising.

In the United States, there are groups of people who organize themselves into "affinity groups," typically non-hierarchical groups, who live close together and share a common political goal.  These groups are called "solidarity groups" and they are organized through Facebook, Twitter, and other social media sites.  They are also organized through local organizations, like the Occupy Wall Street movement.  In the US, these affinity groups are often organized
It depends on how much time it takes for the policies to take effect. 

If you're talking about things like tax cuts, it takes time for the tax cuts to kick in.  The tax cuts will take effect in a few months, but it will take a few years for the effects to be felt in everyday life.

For example, if you want to cut taxes, you have to wait until the tax cut is fully implemented.  You can't do it immediately, but you can do it slowly.  If you want a tax cut, you need to wait a few weeks before you
The DNC emails were stolen from the servers of the Democratic National Committee (DNC). 

The DNC is the official organ of the party, and they are controlled by the Democratic Party.  The DNC is run by the DNC, which is a group of people who are elected to represent the interests of the DNC.  They have a lot of power, but they are not the only ones.  There are other groups that have access to the DNC's email system, and some of those groups have been able to get access to some of the emails.

One of the groups that has access to these
In French, the number system is based on base 20. 

Soixante-dix means "four-twenty-ten" in French.

In English, soixante means "ten-ten".

"Soixant" is the French word for "ten", and "quatre-vingt" is French for "fourteen-ten."

The reason for this is that in French, "ten" is a multiple of ten, so it's easier to say "ten ten ten ten" than "ten twelve ten ten".
When you start an engine, you are pushing on the clutch.  When the engine is running and the clutch is engaged (i.e., the flywheel spins the clutch plate and hence the transmission.

When you press the clutch pedal down, the drive shafts stop spinning.  The flywheel stops spinning, and the transmission stops receiving power from the engine.  This means that you can't shift the transmission into a higher gear.
Your eyes are sensitive to light, and when you cough in the dark, your eyes are trying to adjust to the lack of light.
The government has the right to shut down the internet. 

The problem is that it would require a court order to do so.

There is no way for the government to do it.
The volume of a sphere is the sum of the area of the base and the height of the sphere. 

The area of a circle is the area divided by the circumference, so the volume of the circle is 1/3 the circumference.
I think it's because it's a way for them to show off and show off their driving skills. 

Also, it's also a way to show that they are capable of driving a car.

_URL_0_
It's not a porn site, it's a news site. 

It's the same way that the front page of a news website is a news page.  It's a place for people to talk about what's going on in the world.  The front page is a place where you can see what's happening in the news.
Stir welding is a solid state welding process that uses a non-consumable tool to join two facing workpieces without melting the workpiece material. 

When you stir two pieces of metal together, you create a friction zone between the two workpieces.  This friction causes the metal to deform.  The deformation causes the two pieces to become more solid, which allows you to weld them together without melting them.
DSCOVR is taking pictures of the Earth from a distance of about 1.5 million miles away. 

The Earth is not small, it is very, very large.

If you look at the Earthrise image from the ground, you can see that the Earth is very small.  It's not because of the distance, it's because it's so far away.
It's not that driverless cars aren't safe, it's just that they're not as safe as they used to be. 

A train is designed to stop at a certain speed. A driverless car can't stop at that speed.
I think it's because when you wake up from a cat nap, your body shudders while yawning. It's a reflex.
It's called Pruritus. 

It's caused by inflammation in your skin.  It's caused when your skin is inflamed.  When you scratch your legs, you're breaking the skin, which causes the inflammation to spread to other parts of your body.
They are both Shia and Sunni.

Sunni believe that Muhammad was the son of the Prophet, and Shia believe that he is the son-in-law of the prophet. 

They are not related to each other, but they are related to the Prophet's family.  They are both members of the Shia community, and they are both part of the Sunni community.
Bob is a very common name for a lot of reasons.

1. It's a masculine name, so it's easier to pronounce

2. It sounds more masculine

3. It has a more masculine connotation

4. It can be used as a nickname

5. It makes people think of it as a "cool" name

6. It doesn't have a negative connotation
Tupac Shakur was an important figure in the history of hip-hop. 

He was the first black rapper to break into the mainstream, and he was a huge part of the rise of rap in the early 90s.  He was also the first rapper to write lyrics that were lyrical and thought provoking, and had a strong sense of humor.  Tupac was also a great storyteller, and was able to tell his story in a way that other rappers could relate to.

It's important to note that Tupac's death was not the end of his career.
When you're tired, your body is trying to get rid of excess heat.  Your body releases a lot of heat through sweat.  This is called evaporation.  When you're not sweating, your skin is losing heat to the air, which is why you feel cold.

When you are tired, the blood supply to the skin is reduced by intense vasoconstriction. This causes the blood vessels in your body to constrict, which causes you to feel colder.
Maury, Springer, Dr. Phil, etc are all about getting people to talk about their personal lives. 

Maury is a talk show, Springer is a reality show, and Dr Phil is a news show.

The premise of Maury and Springer is that they want to get people to tell their dirty laundry.  They want people to know that they are not perfect and that they have flaws, and they want them to be exposed so that they can be exposed.  It's a way for them to get their message out to the world, and it's also a way to make money
I think it has to do with the fact that if you're in a hurry to get through a red light, you're going to have to slow down and wait for the light to turn green.

If you don't have to wait until the light turns green, you can park one or two car lengths back from the line.
Leather and wool are made of organic materials. 

Leather is made of collagen, which is a protein that has a very long half life.

Wool is made out of wool, which has a half life of about 100 years.  This means that it can be used to make clothes for hundreds of thousands of years.
A galaxy is a collection of galaxies. 

Galaxies are made up of stars, dust, gas, and dark matter.

The Milky Way is the center of a galaxy.  It's a spiral galaxy, but it's not the only one.  There are a lot of other galaxies in the universe, but they're not all the same size.  They're all spread out in different directions, and some of them are very close to each other, but some are far away from each other.  The Milky Way, for example, is in the middle of a cluster of galaxies called the
Dividends are a way for the company to pay out money to its shareholders.

When a company pays out a dividend, it's not the same as when they pay out a profit. 

A company that doesn't pay a dividend doesn't have the same amount of money as a company that pays a profit, so they can't pay out as much as they would if they were to pay dividends.
A rick roll is the result of friction between the bottom of your foot and the sole of your boot. 

When you put your foot in the boot, you are applying pressure to the sole.  When you lift your foot off the ground, the pressure causes the sole to slide back and forth.  This is called a "rick roll".
I'm not sure what you mean by "play with the asset price". 

If you're talking about the price of a stock, it's not so much the price as the amount of money you have in it.  If you have $100,000,000 in cash, you can buy a bunch of shares of a company and sell them for $100 million.  But if you want to make a lot of money, you need to buy a lot more shares of the company.  So you have to sell them at a higher price than they're worth.

You can also buy a
Luxury brands are not necessarily better in any way. 

If you're talking about clothes, yes, they are better, but not necessarily in every way.

For example, if you are talking about shoes, there is a huge difference between the quality of the shoes and the price.  If you want to buy a pair of shoes, you need to spend a lot of money on them.  You need to be able to afford them, but you also need to have the money to pay for the shoes.  The more money you have, the more likely you are to buy them.
I think it's because the sound of a roaring waterfall is so loud that it drowns out everything else around it. 

The sound of water rushing through the air is like a river.  You can't hear it because it's so loud, but you can hear the water rushing past you.
Alcohol does not affect your ability to lose weight. 

Alcohol is a diuretic, which means that when you drink alcohol, your body's digestive system slows down the rate at which your body breaks down calories into energy.  This slows down your metabolism, which makes it harder for you to burn calories.

When you drink a lot of alcohol, the amount of calories in your body increases, and your body has to use more energy to break down the alcohol into energy (calories).  This means that you have to burn more calories to get rid of the alcohol.
It used to be that you could work 40 hours a week and support a family. 

Now you can't.
I think it has something to do with the amount of light in the room.

When you look at yourself in a mirror, you are looking at your face, not your body.  When you look in the mirror at night, you're looking at the outside of your body, not the inside of your face.  The light from the outside reflects off of your skin, which makes you look thinner.
I think it's because they didn't get enough recognition for their roles. 

The original Star Wars was a huge success, but it wasn't enough to keep them in the spotlight for long enough to make them popular enough to warrant a sequel.
It's called tinnitus. 

Tinnitus is caused by damage to your inner ear.  When you hear a loud noise, your ear sends out a signal to your brain, which it interprets as a sound wave.  The brain interprets that signal as a ringing sound.

When you hear something really lound like a gunshot or explosion, it's because the sound waves are traveling at a very low frequency.  It's like a bell ringing.
The argument that lowering taxes on the rich will benefit the middle class is based on a false premise. 

If you're talking about a tax cut for the rich, it's not going to benefit the rich.  It's going to help the poor and middle class.
Ceramic is a non-metallic inorganic material.  It has a high hardness and high compressive strength.  This means that it can withstand a lot more force than other materials.  Ceramics also have a high surface area, which means that they are much harder than steel.  

When you put a ceramic plate on your body, you are applying heat to it.  The heat causes the ceramic to melt, and the heat causes it to form a thin layer of enamel on the outside of the plate.  When the enamel cools down, it forms a thin
Tire treads are designed to allow water to escape from beneath the road and prevent hydroplaning. When there is less surface area touching the road, the water can't get out of the way, so the tread is designed to prevent this.
During the day, there is a lot of light in the air, and it reflects back to earth.

During the night, there's less light, so it's harder for the light to reflect back to Earth.
I think it has to do with the fact that Americans are more likely to go to the movies in the first place than other English speaking countries.
I think it's because he's the heir to the Kim dynasty.

He's the son of Kim Il-sung, the founder of North Korea.  He's the current leader, and his father was the first leader of the country.
Chrome uses WebKit, which is Google's own browser engine. Firefox uses Mozilla's WebKit.

WebKit is a set of libraries that allow you to write code that can be used to render webpages. 

An extension is a library that allows you to make code that runs in Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Opera, or any other browser.
It's not a "leftover" problem, it's a "missing women" problem.

There are a lot of women who have gone missing in China because they don't have a place to live, or because they have no way to support their families.
Energy from food is chemical energy. 

Think of it like this:

When you eat a piece of food, you're digesting it.  You're breaking down the molecules that make up the food.  The energy that comes out of the food is used by your body to make new molecules that can be used in your cells.  When you digest the food, your body uses the energy from the food to turn it into new molecules.  These new molecules are called ATP.  This is the chemical energy that your cells use to make ATP, which is the energy that is used to make
The Old Testament was written in the middle of the first millennium BC, so it's not like it was written after the end of the world. 

It's more like the beginning of the middle ages.

Moses died at 40, Abraham died at 175, and David died at 70, an age that the Bible portrays as old for David's time period.
It depends on the circumstances. 

If they are pulling someone over for driving without a license, they can be pulled over for not having a valid license.  If they don't have one, then they can't pull them over.
Allergies are caused by a chemical called histamine, which is produced by your body's immune system. When you are exposed to an allergen, your immune system releases histamine and other chemicals that cause you to become allergic to it. 

When you are not exposed to it, your body doesn't produce histamine or other histamines, but your body produces other chemicals called histamines. These chemicals cause many of the symptoms we associate with allergy, such as airway constriction in asthma, local inflammation in eczema, increased mucus secretion in allergic rhinitis, and increased blood pressure as in anaphylaxis.
There are two states in the US, North Carolina and South Carolina. 

The two states were originally part of the British colony of North Carolina, which was founded in the 17th century.  The British decided to divide the colony into two states, North and South, because they wanted to be independent from the British.  In the early 1800s, the British decided that North Carolina was too small to be a separate state, so they split it up into two parts.

South Carolina was the first state to secede from the Union, and was the last state to join the Union.
LCD is a type of LCD.  It's a liquid crystal display.  

Plasma and LED LCD are two different types of LED.  They're both liquid crystal displays, but they're different in that they use different materials to produce light.

LCD's are made of liquid crystal (LCD) and LED's are solid crystal (LED).  LCD's are LCDs that use liquid crystal to display light, while LED's use solid crystals.  The difference between the two is that LCD's have a wider color gamut than LED's, while Plasma's are not.
IMAX film is an older technology.  Digital film is a newer technology.
It's because it's easier to see the time when it's set to 10:10.  

If you look at a clock, you'll notice that it's always set to 1:50 or 1:10, because that's the time it's supposed to be set to.
The first operating system was called UNIX.  It was based on the idea of a universal Turing machine.

It was designed to be able to run on any processor that was capable of running 8bit or 32bit instructions.  This meant that it could be used by any computer that had an 8bit processor, and it could also be used on 32bit processors that had 32bit or 64bit processors.  

The first version of UNIX was written in BASIC, which was a programming language that was very similar to BASIC.  The idea was that it would be easy to write
I think it has to do with phonetics. 

In Old English, there were a lot of consonants and vowels that were pronounced differently than they are in modern English.

For example, when you say "eat", you're pronouncing the sound "eat" as "eat".

When you say it as "say", you are pronouncing it like "say" or "say."

It's not that the sound is different, it's that the pronunciation is different.
I live in Georgia, and for the past I dont know how many years we come to Colorado to go skiing. Its been a while since Ive skied there, but I remember the first time I went, it was in the fall. 

I think it was because it was cold and we were driving up the pass to the mountain.
Juries are made up of 12 people because they are more efficient.  

A 12-person jury is more efficient than a 6-person one.  If a 12-member jury is deadlocked, there is no way for the judge to reach a unanimous verdict.  It would take a supermajority of 12 to convict a person of a crime.
Bread is made of flour and water. When it is toasted, the water evaporates from the surface of the bread, and the moisture in the bread evaporates into the air. This causes the bread to harden.
I'm not sure what you're talking about. 

There are a lot of charities out there that are doing good things, but they're not all the same.

For example, I work for a non-profit organization that helps people with mental illness.  We help people who are in need of mental health care, but we also help people with physical illnesses.  The problem is that we don't have enough money to do all the things we want to do.  So we have to split up our work into smaller groups of people.  This means that we need to hire more people,
We measure economic success based on growth, rather than other metrics?
Park Geun-Hye was elected President of South Korea in May of 2012.  She is the daughter of the late President Park Chung-hee, who was the first democratically elected president of the Republic of Korea.  

As President, she was elected by the people of the South Korean People's Party (KPA).  The KPA is the party of the ruling party, which is the main political party in South Korea.

She was elected on the ticket of the KPA, which means that she is a member of the party.  KPA means "People's Party".
Powdered metals are explosive because they are highly reactive. 

Aluminum is a reactive metal, meaning that it reacts with other metals and other molecules to form a chain reaction that causes them to explode.

Nitro compounds are unstable because they have a diatomic form of nitrogen in its diatomic state, N.
Pi is a ratio of two integers called a rational number that has a repeating pattern of digits when expressed in decimal form.

Pi is the ratio of the circumference of a circle to the area of the circle. 

If you want to know how many digits there are in pi, you need to know that pi is a fraction of a number called pi, which is a number that can be divided by two integers.
Tobacco companies don't want to pay taxes on the cigarettes they sell, so they don't remove the bad ingredients.
The film was shot on Kodak Ektachrome film, which is a type of film that was developed in the 70s and 80s.  It was shot in black and white, and then colorized.  

The color was added to the film by using color filters.
I don't think it's going to make it to your lungs. It's probably going to stay in your mouth for a few days.
The day doesn't get symmetrically longer, it just gets longer. 

The reason for this is because the Earth's axis of rotation is tilted slightly to the north and south, which causes the day to be longer at the equator and shorter at the poles.
When you bend or cut a plastic, the stress marks are caused by the surface tension of the plastic. 

When the plastic is bent or cut, it is being pushed against the plastic, which causes it to deform.

The plastic is made up of a bunch of tiny molecules called chromophores.  These molecules are made of carbon atoms.  When they are bent, they are pushed against each other, causing them to break down.  This is why they are white.
When the car stops moving, your brain shuts down, and your body goes into a deep sleep.
The double bass is smaller than the rest of the orchestra, so it can be played in a lower key. 

The other instruments are tuned in fifths, so the bass is playing in a higher key.
Amway is not a scam. It is a pyramid scheme. 

It is a scam because it is run by a group of people who are not paid by the company, but by their affiliates, who are paid by Amway.

Amway makes a lot of money by selling things to people who don't want to buy them, and then they sell them to other people who do want them.
The 2nd, 3rd, and 4th normative forms of a database are relational databases. 

A relational database is a database that stores data in rows.  It's a table where each column has a name and a type, and each row has a value.  The first form of a relational database stores the data as a list of columns, and the second form stores it as a table.

The 4th form is a data structure where the data is stored as a set of columns.  This is the most common form of database.  For example, if you want to store a
Cheez itz has a lot of calories in it, so it's not like you'd need to eat a ton of calories to survive. 

If you were to eat it, you'd have to eat enough calories to keep you alive for a long time, and then you'd get dehydrated and die of dehydration.
The benefits of the TPP are:

1. It will open up new markets for US companies to sell goods and services to other countries in the Asia-Pacific region.

2. It would make it easier for the US to export goods to the region. 

3. The US will be able to export more products to the Asia Pacific region.
Lizard people are a group of people who believe that there is something out there that is trying to kill them. 

They believe that they are being targeted by the government because they are a bunch of Lizard People, and that the government is using them as a scapegoat.
Men and women need different shoe size systems for different reasons. 

Men's sizes are based on the length of their feet, and women's sizes on the width of their legs.

Women's sizing is based on their waist, and men's are based off of their height.
It's because the video player has to re-buffer when you try to skip back to a part that has already loaded.

When you play a video, your computer is copying the video data from the source file to your computer's RAM. When you re-play the video, it's copying the data back to your RAM.
It's not that women are physically weaker than men, it's that they are more likely to be killed by predators. 

Women are also less likely to have children, which means that they have less to gain from fighting.
When you're sharpening a blade, you're not actually shaving it away.  You're "beveling" the edge.  This means that you're smoothing out the surface of the blade.  When you're beveling the edge, you aren't actually shaving the surface.  

You're just smoothing the surface with a sharpening stone.
The universe is expanding, but it's not expanding at the speed of light. 

If you look at the distance between the center of the universe and the edge of the observable universe, you'll notice that the distance is increasing.  This is due to the expansion of space.  If you take the distance from the center to the edge, and multiply it by the distance to the center, you get the distance.

This is why we can see the universe expanding.  It's not because the universe is getting bigger, it's because it's getting smaller.  The distance between us and the
It means to have a servant heart. It means to be willing to do whatever it takes to help others. 

If you have a job that requires you to do a lot of work, it means that you are willing to put in the time and effort to make sure that others are taken care of.
They measure how they can see and how bad their eyes are when it's literally a baby that can't even walk or talk, let alone read letters aloud from an eye exam?
I think it's because when you're cheering/singing, you're using a lot of individual voices. 

When a large crowd is cheering, it's not so much that there are thousands of voices, but that there is a small number of voices that stand out among the rest.
Catapults are made out of stone, and they are designed to be launched by throwing large stones at the ground. 

The easiest way to build a catapults is to use a tower, which you can see in [this picture](_URL_0_)

You can also build a tower with a tower on top of it, and then use the weight of the tower to launch the stone.
I think it has to do with the way your brain works. 

Your brain has two main types of memory: short-term and long-term.

Short-term memory is the part of your brain that is responsible for storing information.  It's the part that helps you remember things like names, dates, conversations, etc.  Long-term memories are the ones that are stored in your brain's long term memory.  This is why you can memorize things like the periodic table and the world capitals, but you can't memorize them as easily as you can other things.
The Catholic Church is a very hierarchical organization.  They have a lot of power.  It is not uncommon for a bishop to be the head of a diocese.  

The problem is that the hierarchy is very powerful, and they have a huge amount of power over the people who work for them.

It is not unusual for priests to abuse children, but it is not normal for them to do so in the church.  In fact, it is very common for priests in the Catholic Church to be accused of sexually abusing children.
Your skin is made up of a bunch of cells called keratinocytes. When you get sunburned, some of those cells die, and some of them start apoptosis, which is the process that causes your skin to turn red. 

When you get a sunburn, your cells are dying, and your body has to send more blood to the area of your skin that is being burned, which causes more blood flow to the affected area.
Maestro is the person in charge of making sure that the musicians are practicing the music they are playing. He is also the one who is responsible for making sure the music is written in the right order. 

For example, if you want to play a piece of music, you need to be able to read the music. You need to know the notes, the chords, and how to play them. If you don't have a maestro, you can't do that.
I think it has to do with the way your brain interprets the music. 

When you hear music that's out of tune, your brain is trying to make sense of it, and it's trying to figure out how it's supposed to sound.

If you're not paying attention to the music, you're hearing it in the wrong way, and your brain doesn't know how to process it.
The term "left" and "right" come from the French Revolution, when those members of the National Assembly who supported the republic, the common people and a secular society sat on the left and supporters of the monarchy, aristocratic privilege and the Church sat in the right.
The pulse width modulated digital to analog converter works by using a delay generator.

The delay generator can be used for pulse width modulation, e.g. to drive a MOSFET to load a Pockels cell within 8 ns with a specific charge. 

When the charge is applied to the cell, it causes a voltage to be applied to it.  This voltage is then converted to a frequency modulated signal.
Trick is when you win a hand by playing the highest card in the deck. 

A trick is when the deck is shuffled in such a way that the top card is always the highest, and the bottom card is the lowest.

In Bridge or Spades, if you have a lot of spades in your hand, you can't lead the other players until a spade has been played, and if you don't, you lose the hand. This is called the "knave-to-jack" rule, and it was originally used to prevent a player from leading the others after the
The Labo is a gamepad.  It has a touchscreen, a D-Pad, two analog sticks, a "Home" button, a sliding on-off switch and a wrist strap.  

When you play a game, you use the D-pad to move the character on the screen.  When you press the "home" button on the top-left side of the gamepad, you are controlling the character.  If you press "A" or "B" on the right-hand side, you're controlling the A and B buttons.

If you press 1,
We would have to build a huge pipe from Texas to California.  It would be a very long pipe, and it would be very expensive.
When you imagine something in your head, your brain is trying to make sense of what you're seeing. 

When you see something, it's your brain trying to figure out what it is and what it means.

Your brain is also trying to decide if it's a good idea or a bad idea.
Yes, it is possible to be electrocuted. 

The problem is that your brain is a very good conductor of electricity, so if you touch it, you will feel the shock.
Light travels at the speed of light. 

The Bose-Einstein condense slows down light, but not enough to cause it to return to its original speed.
Philosophy is the study of how things work. 

It's not just about philosophy, it's also about how we understand the world.

For example, if you want to understand the universe, you need to understand how the universe works, and how it works in relation to you.  You need to know what the universe is made of, and what it's made of.  If you don't know that, you can't understand it.  So you need a way to make sense of it, and that's where philosophy comes in.
They are omnivores.  They eat grass, berries, grasshoppers, etc.  

Carnivores have a long digestive tract, which means that they can't digest as much as herbivores, so they have to eat a lot of grass to digest it.  This means that when they are raised on meat, their digestive tract is not as long as it would be if they were raised on grass.
Alcohol is a depressant. 

When you drink alcohol, your body releases chemicals in your blood that make you feel drunk. These chemicals are called endorphins.

These chemicals are released in the brain, and when you drink a lot of alcohol, they start to affect the way your brain works.  These chemicals cause your brain to think that you are drunk, which is why you feel like shit.
A 5D hard drive is a hard drive that is designed to store data in three dimensions. 

Imagine you have a piece of paper, and you want to write something to it.  You write it in two dimensions, and then you write the information to the third dimension.

The first dimension is the size of the paper, the second dimension is how big the paper is, and the third is how deep it is.  If you write something in 3D, you can't write it to the first dimension, so you have to write the data in 2D. 


If you
It depends on the type of animal. Some animals, such as chameleons and octopuses, can actively change their skin coloration and colours, whether for camouflage or for signalling. 

Some animals can also change their coloration to hide from predators.
Your brain has to process one sense less or is this just a placebo effect?
Allergies are caused by your immune system.  Your body's immune system produces antibodies against an allergen.  When you are exposed to something, your body produces an immune response.  This response is called anaphylactic shock.  It causes your body to stop breathing.  If you are allergic to wheat, you will have hives, hives and hives.  

If you're allergic to peanuts, you'll have a reaction to tree nuts.  You'll also have a response to shellfish.

Allergy is caused by the fact that the immune system is
Broddin is a type of globulin protein.

It is a globulin that is a protein that is composed of multiple identical globulin subunits with a separate ligand-binding site. 

Brodin is an amino acid that is found in soybeans and other soy products.  It is a fatty acid that binds to calcium and is used by the body as a calcium carrier.
A lot of times it's a hardware issue. 

Your ISP has a network that connects to the rest of the world.  It's called a backbone.  The backbone is the backbone that connects all of the ISPs.  If one of the backbone's components fails, the whole thing goes down.  This can be anything from a hardware failure to a software issue.

If the backbone fails, it can be caused by something like a fault in the cable that connects the backbone to your ISP.  For example, if a cable is damaged, the cable can't be re-connected.
Th thorium is a very stable isotope of uranium. 

It has a very high heat capacity, which means that it can withstand a lot more heat than uranium.

Also, thorium has a higher boiling point than uranium, meaning that it is much more stable than other isotopes of uranium, so it can be used as a coolant. 


This means that a thorium reactor can operate at much higher temperatures than a uranium reactor, which is good for safety.  




The problem is that thorium reactors are designed to operate at very high temperatures, and so
1.2 GHz quad core doesn't mean that each core has 1.2GHz of clock speed, it means that the clock rate of each core is 750MHz. 

If you want to know how many cores there are in a CPU, you need to look at the number of transistors in the chip.  If you have 4 cores, then you need 4 transistors per clock cycle.

The answer is that you need 1.1GHz to get the same amount of clock cycles per second, but you need 750MHz for each core.
They don't speak the same language, but they do understand each other's accents.
Let's say the Euro collapses tonight...

The Euro is the currency that the Eurozone countries use to exchange goods and services for each other.

Greece, Italy, Spain, Portugal, Ireland, Denmark, Portugal and Ireland are all members of the Euro. 

Each country has a set amount of money that they need to pay for their government debt.  The Euro is used to exchange that money for other countries' money.  So, if Greece were to lose the Euro, they would have to pay the rest of their debt in Euros.  If they don't have enough money
I'm not an expert, but I'll try my best to explain what's going on.

Israel has been building settlements in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip for a long time. They are illegal, and are considered illegal by the international community because they are illegal under international law. 

In the past, Israel has been trying to negotiate a peace deal with the Palestinians, but they have not been able to come up with a deal that is acceptable to both sides. This is because the Palestinians are not willing to give up their land, and Israel has not been willing to accept it.
Yeast can make THC. THC is a terpenoid, which is a chemical compound that is found in cannabis. It is produced in the plant's seeds, and it is produced by the yeast. 

Yeast is not the only organism that can produce THC, but it is the only one that can do it in a controlled way.

Cannabidiol (THC) is a compound found in the seeds of Cannabis sativa. It can be extracted from the seeds and purified from the plant. THC can also be synthesized by yeast.
Alcohol is a depressant. It causes your body to release a chemical called acetylcholine, which causes your heart rate to drop and your blood pressure to drop. 

When you drink too much alcohol, it causes your brain to over react to the alcohol, causing you to become delirium tremens, which is a state where your brain thinks you're going to die.

If you drink enough alcohol, your body will start to release the same chemicals that make you feel delirious, but your brain doesn't have enough of these chemicals in it to cause you to be delir
Your room has windows that let in a lot of sunlight, so the air in your room is constantly being warmed by the sun.

When the sun shines in, it heats up the air around you, so you can feel the heat radiating off of you.
It's not that the radiation stays for so long, it's just that it stays in the air for a long time. 

When a nuclear explosion happens, the radiation is released into the air, and the air is filled with a lot of different kinds of radioactive material.  
 
The radiation that is released is called "fallout".  It's a bunch of different types of radioactivity, and they all decay at different rates.  Some of them are very long lived, like strontium 90 and cesium 137, which are radioactive isotopes.  These isotopes are
Perjury is when you lie under oath. 

If you're innocent, you're not guilty of perjury.  If you're guilty, it's perjury.
The Constitution says that the President is the head of the executive branch of the government, and the Vice-President is the vice-president. 

The Constitution also says that Congress has the power to impeach the President if they so choose, and that the Vice President is to be called the President of the Senate.
Your voice is a part of who you are. 

When you hear your own voice, you're hearing the sound of your own vocal cords.  It's like hearing your own heartbeat.  When you hear someone else's heartbeat, you hear their heart beating.  Your own heart beats because it's your own.
Hydrofracking is the process of fracturing shale rock to extract oil and natural gas. 

Hydraulic fracturing involves injecting a liquid into rock, shale or otherwise, at very high pressure to extract fossil fuels such as the aforementioned shale gas.

The problem is that the water used to extract the oil and gas is treated with chemicals that are highly toxic. These chemicals can be released into the air, water, soil, groundwater, and other natural resources.
Freestyle swimming is a combination of backstroke, breaststroke, butterfly, and backstroke.  

The reason we call it freestyle is because it's the most efficient way to swim.  If you're swimming in a pool, you're using your legs and arms to push off the wall.  You're not using your arms to pull yourself up and down, but your legs to propel you forward.

If you are swimming in the pool, and you're doing breaststroke or butterfly, it's because you're trying to push yourself forward with your legs, and your arms are used to
Instagram knows when you're in a picture. 

It's called a "tagging" feature.  When you take a picture, it tags you as the subject of the picture.
Inkjet printers use a special type of ink that is sprayed onto the paper by a laser.  The ink is sprayed into a reservoir, which is then filled with water.  When the ink is applied to the paper, it forms a droplet of ink.  This droplet is then pushed out of the reservoir by the inkjet.  

The ink is then transferred to the surface of the paper.  If you have an inkjet printer that uses a thermal inkjet, it uses a special nozzle that heats up the ink, which causes it to form droplets of ink on the paper
The net serves a purpose in basketball because it allows the ball to bounce off of the rim and bounce back into the basket. 

The net also serves to keep the ball out of the hands of the other team's players, which allows them to dribble the ball more freely.

If the ball is in the net, the ball can't bounce off the rim, so the ball has to go through the net to get back to the ball.
Pus is the fluid that comes out of the wound. 

When you open a wound, the pressure from the wound causes the wound to swell up, and the pressure causes the fluid to drain out.

Pus helps the wound heal.
Alcohol was often the only safe liquid to drink for the time period before we discovered boiling killed contaminants. 

Water was the only source of water that was safe to drink.

Alcohol is a diuretic, which means that if you drink too much of it, you will become dehydrated.
Cigarette butts are biodegradable because they are made of cellulose, which can be broken down by bacteria and other microorganisms.

The problem is that cigarette filters contain a lot of chemicals that can be harmful to humans. 

There is a new research group that is working on making filters that can degrade the chemicals in the cigarette butts, but it is still in the early stages of development.
I'm not sure what you mean by "brainwashed" but I think it's more like "brain-washed".

A lot of people are brainwashed because they have been brainwashed by their parents, grandparents, teachers, friends, etc. 

It's not so much that they're brainwashed as it is that they've been brain-washed by the people who are brainwashing them.
The Hubble Space Telescope can observe things billions of light years away, but it can't observe things that are near to us, like Pluto or the gas giants' moons. 

Pluto and the moon are too far away for the telescope to be able to see.
In Europe, the wealthy and most of the middle class live in the inner city, while the poor are in the suburbs.

In America, the rich live in cities and the poor live in suburbs.
It's Sunday night during winter and a storm starts dumping snow all over the roads, what are they doing?
We know what nutrients are in a food because we can measure the amount of them in the food. 

We can measure how much water is in the water, how much nitrogen is in it, and how much phosphorus is in there.

If you want to know how much potassium is in your food, you can look at the pH of the water in your water, and you can see how much calcium is there.
It depends on the game. 

Plinko is a game where you drop a ball onto a pegs.  If the ball is dropped from the same place, it will land in the same spot, but if you drop it from a different place, the ball will bounce off the pegs and land in different places.

If you drop the ball onto the same pegs, you will get the same result.
We orbited the sun for a long time before we discovered sunspots. 

Sunspots are caused by the sun bouncing light off of the surface of the sun.  They are not visible to the naked eye, but they can be observed by using a telescope.
It's not a wife beater, it's a wife beat.

It's just a way to refer to a woman who wears a sleeveless shirt.
Milgram was a psychologist who was doing a study to see if people would obey orders given to them by their teachers.  He did this by giving them a series of shocks to make them think they were being punished for something.  

When he finished the experiment, he wrote a paper saying that he was surprised by the results, and that he had manipulated the data to make it seem as if the subjects were doing something they were not.
I'm not sure what you're talking about. 

Mars has a very thin atmosphere, so you'd be exposed to a lot of radiation.  If you were to go outside in shorts and t-shirt, you'd probably freeze to death.
Crumpets are made with flour, water, salt, and yeast. 

When you make a crumpet, you mix all the ingredients together, and then you let the dough rise in the oven for a few hours.  
When the dough rises too much, it starts to dry out, and the moisture in the air gets trapped in the dough.  This causes the crumpets to become holey.
It's a tradition. 

When India started using decimal currency, they used to divide their currency into units of 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, etc.

In other words, 1 rupee = 1/2 rupee, 1/4 rupee=1 rupee

So, if you have 20,000,000 rupees, you would have to divide it into 2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14,15,16,17,18,19,20,25,30
If you had a 120v socket in New York, and plugged it into a 120V socket in Missouri, and use it to run a fan in...I don't know, Missouri?
I think it's because the roots of the grass are too deep in the ground to reach the walls of the house.
There is a technical limit to how big can the human strength and muscles get, but it's not indefinite as long as we always provide all the necessary nutrition and workout. 

The limit is based on the fact that the human body has evolved to be able to produce more energy than it can use.  It's not that we can't get more energy, it's just that we don't have enough energy to use it all.
If you were to make a "shell" of a game (all gameplay, but no assets like character models, dialogue, etc) then release a mod for the game that would add these assets (made by you), you would be at risk for a cease and desist.

If you made a "skin" of the game, but not the game itself, then you are not at risk of a cease-and-desist.
I think it has to do with the temperature of the food. 

When you eat hot, your taste buds are stimulated by the heat.  When you eat cold, they are not stimulated.
Your brain interprets a sudden change in gravity as a signal that you need to jump.

When you're falling, your brain sends a signal to your brain telling it to "jump".

Your brain then interprets that signal as a "jump" and sends it to your muscles, which then do the same thing.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm going to assume it has something to do with the fact that they don't want to lose customers. 

If you're referring to your ISP, it's not that they're deliberately lying about their service.  It's that they are trying to get you to pay more money for their service, which means that they can charge more for it.

The problem is that if you're not paying for the service, they're not going to be able to make as much money as they would if they were able to sell you the service.
Because it would be easier for the executioners to deal with moral scruple. 

It would also make it easier for people who are opposed to the death penalty to be executed.
It's not that they're saying it's near impossible to make a living by making YouTube content, it's that they are trying to reduce the amount of competition. 

They're trying to make it harder for other people to make money on YouTube.
It's because when you look at a mirror, you're looking at it from the left to the right, not from the top to the bottom. 

When you flip a mirror from top to bottom, you are looking at the mirror from the right to the left, not the left-to-right.
Earth's orbit is not stable because it is tilted. 

It is stable because of the rotation of the earth's axis.

If you look at the Earth's orbit, you will notice that it is not perfectly symmetric.  It is tilted slightly to the north and south.  This is due to the fact that the earth rotates in the opposite direction to the sun.  If the earth were a homogeneous sphere, it would be tilted in the same direction as the sun, but the earth is not homogeneous.  The earth is tilted in a way that causes the earth to wob
The Fourth Amendment gives police the right to search and seize property without a warrant unless they have reasonable suspicion that the person has committed a crime, or is about to commit a crime.
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is the agency responsible for regulating the safety and efficacy of tobacco products.  It is not the federal government that regulates tobacco, it is the state governments that regulate tobacco.  

Tobacco is regulated by the states, not by the FDA.  The federal government is concerned about the well-being of the consumers, not the safety of the product.
They don't. 

There are a lot of things that go into it, but the most important one is technique.

When you jump off a cliff, you have to make sure that you land in the right place.  If you land too far from the edge of the cliff, the force of the impact will knock you unconscious, and if you land on your back, you will be knocked unconscious.  This is why it's important to land with your hands at the sides or above the head.  It's also important to keep your arms and legs in a straight line, so that the
They are made of rubber that has a different tread pattern than regular tires.  They are designed to work better on snow and ice because they have larger gaps than those on summer tires, increasing traction on hard-packed snow or ice.
The pinky is the fourth finger of the left hand. It is the one with a vein that runs directly from your heart to your heart. 

It is also the one that is used to wear a wedding ring.
There is a lot of tension in Mexico City right now. 

President Andrs Manuel Lpez Obrador is a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI). He is the current President of Mexico, and he has been in power since 2006. He has been trying to form a coalition government with the National Regeneration Movement (MORENA) party, which is a political party that is part of the ruling party, the PRI.

The current President, Enrique Pea Nieto, is the head of the government, and is the leader of the MORENA party.
CISPA is a bill that would allow the US government to share information about cyber threats with private companies. 

The problem with CISPA is that it would give the government too much power to spy on private companies, and it would allow them to do so without the need for a warrant or judicial oversight.

It would also allow the government to collect data from private companies that they don't want to, and then use it to build a database of all the companies that use it.
There are a lot of different types of drugs. 

Crack is a type of crack.  Cocaine is a form of cocaine.  Ecstasy is a kind of ecstasy.

Molly is a sort of MDMA.  It's similar to Ecstasy, but has a different chemical structure.
Some imgur gifs don't work on my galaxy note 4 because they're not designed to work on your galaxy note. 

The reason it doesn't work is because it's not designed for linux. It's designed for windows, not linux.
Stirring doesn't cause it to separate. 

If you stir something long enough, it will eventually separate.

The reason it won't separate is because it's too hot for the water molecules to stay in contact with each other.
It's not really that financially beneficial. 

It's just that it's a hassle.

If you're buying a new phone, you're going to have to buy a new charger for it.  If you want to use the same charger for your old phone, it's going to cost a lot of money to make a new one.
When you are sleep deprived, your body releases endorphins. Endorphins are neurotransmitters that make you feel horny. When you're not sleep deprived your body doesn't have enough of them, so you get erections.

_URL_0_
They don't. 

They have a gearbox.  It is a radial gear, with an actuating lever driven from the crank.  When you push down on the accelerator, you are moving the engine forward.  If you push up on the throttle, you're pushing the engine backwards.  This causes the engine to move forward.

When you pull the clutch, the engine moves back.  You're moving the car forward.
Envy leads to procrastination and inspiration.

Envy is a social emotion.  It's the opposite of pride.  When you are jealous of someone else's success, you want to emulate their success.  You want to be like them.  So you procrastinate because you don't want to look down on them for what they have. 

Pride is the opposite.  If you are proud of what you have, you are motivated to work harder and accomplish more.  But if you're jealous of what someone else has, you're motivated to do less work and proc
Love is a feeling. It's not a physical thing. 

Lust, infatuation, crush, crush etc. are all the same thing.

Love is an emotional thing.
Psychics, mediums, and other natral healers are allowed to sue you if you prove them wrong even though it is backed by multiple studies.

It's not that they're wrong, it's that they don't have any evidence to back up their claims.
Basically, the US has two main interests: 

1. Our national security.  This means that we need to be able to defend ourselves and our allies.

2. Our economic interests.  We need to have a stable economy, which means that our economy needs to be strong enough to compete with other countries.  If we don't have that, then we can't compete with them.  So we have to make sure our economy is strong enough so that we can compete with others.  That's why we have a lot of military bases around the world.
Bumblebees are not the only bees that are furry, but they are the only ones that have fur. 

Honey bees have fur because they need it to protect themselves from stings.  They are also the only species of bees that have long tongues.
It's because the bottle of water has a higher surface tension than the pee bottle. 

When you pee, the liquid in the bottle is attracted to the surface of the bottle, which causes it to flow in a straight line.

But when you drink water out of a bottle, the bottle has a lower surface tension, so the liquid is pulled away from the bottle and down the drain in waves.
It's called a [Coriolis effect](_URL_0_) and it's caused by the fact that water has a higher rate of rotation than the Earth. 

When you drain a large body of water, the water is moving faster than the earth, so the water has more angular momentum.

If you drain the water in the same direction as the Earth, you will get the same amount of angular momentum, but the water will be moving in the opposite direction.  The water will flow in the direction of the plug hole, which is the direction that the Earth is moving.
Humans are the only animal that actively helps and feeds other strange* animals. 

It's not that we're the only ones that do it, it's just that we do it more often.
Because it's not representative of the actual subway routes. 

It's just a representation of what the city thinks it should look like.
I think it's because you're used to the route. You're familiar with it. You know it's a long way, so you don't feel like it's taking as long as it does.
The federal income tax is taxed as income. 

The state tax is treated as a deduction.  The federal tax is a deduction for state and local taxes.

If you don't itemize your deductions, you pay federal income taxes on your state taxes.  If you do, the state taxes are deducted from your federal taxes.
Acne is caused by bacteria called comedo. Acne medication works by blocking the production of sebum, which is the oil that clogs the pores in your skin.

Acne can be treated with a variety of different types of medications. 

Antisebacteriostatic medications, such as benzoyl peroxide and salicylic acid, work by blocking sebum production in the pore. These medications also work by inhibiting the growth of comedo, which prevents it from growing. 


Hormonal medications work by increasing the production and secretion of sebaceous glands
When you're on cannibis, you're not getting enough oxygen to keep your body functioning properly, so your body has to produce more energy to keep up with the weight of your body. 

This means that your muscles have to work harder, so they have to use more energy.
They can be reused, but it depends on the type of organ. 

A liver, kidney, pancreas, liver, etc. can be used for transplants, but they need to be removed from the body before they can be re-transplanted.
The water was diverted from the Colorado River. 

The Colorado River is a tributary of the Mississippi River, and it flows through a series of tunnels.  These tunnels were driven through the canyon walls, 2 on the Nevada side and two on the Arizona side.
They don't need to close their eyes if they already see pitch black. They just need to adjust their eyes to the environment.
It is possible to hold an antenna up to an unshielded network cable and capture data being sent through the cable.  

You can do this by using a device called an antenna tuner.  It is a device that connects to a transmitter and sends a signal to a receiver.  The receiver is then able to pick up the signal and decode it.
I think it's because Tolkien was a big fan of the Scottish accent.  

I'm not an expert, but I'd say it has something to do with the fact that Tolkien's books are set in the Middle-earth, which is a very different place from the rest of the world.

In Tolkien's world, there are a lot of different dialects of English, and the Dwarves speak in a variety of dialects as well.  It's not that they don't speak English at all, it's just that they speak a different dialect.
Osteopathic medicine is a medical specialty.  It's a medical degree that is not a doctorate, but a doctor of medicine. 

A doctor of Osteopathic Medicine (MD) is a doctor with a Master of Science degree in Osteopathy, which is the same as a Doctor of Medicine.

An MD is a degree in medicine, and a D.O is a master's degree in osteopathy.
Alibaba is a very large company with a lot of assets.  

Yahoo is a small company, so it's not going to be able to do as much as they would like to.

Alibaba has a huge market cap of $100 billion, so they need to sell some of their shares to raise money.  If they spin off the company, they will have to raise a lot more money, which means that they will need to raise more money from investors.  They also need to find a way to grow their business, which will require them to sell more shares.
Alcatel-Lucent is a telecommunications company.  They are a provider of telecommunications equipment and software.  

They are a major player in the telecommunications industry in Europe and the US.
Gibraltar was not part of Spain during WW2.  It was part of the British Empire.  The treaty of Utrecht stipulated that Britain would have first claim to any change in sovereignty, and Spain would have to give it up. 

Spain didn't want to give up Gibraltar because it was a strategically important piece of land.  During WW2, the Spanish government wanted to take it, but they didn't have the resources to do so.
It's because when you bite down on foil, you're biting down on the surface of the foil, not the inside of your mouth. 

When you eat food, your mouth is filled with mucous membranes, which contain a lot of bacteria and other bacteria.  When you bite, you are biting into the mucous membrane, and the bacteria that live in the cavities are exposed to the bacteria.

The bacteria in your mouth can cause inflammation, which causes pain.
The S-R latches and memory cells are gates that control the flow of information inside the circuit. 

The latch is the gate that tells the circuit what state to store the data in, and the memory cell is the one that keeps track of the dependencies between the elements in those cells.
Because it's cheaper to have the entire world with one standard than it is to have different voltages for different purposes. 

For example, if you want to have a power supply that runs at 120V, you need a transformer that can handle 120V. If you want a 240V transformer, you have to have one that can carry 240V, but can only carry 120V because that's the maximum voltage that a transformer can carry.

If you have a 120V transformer and a 220V transformer with 120V output, you can use 120V to 240V. But if you have one
There are no absolute points in space. 

If space is an absolute being, then there would be something for which it would be impossible there should be a sufficient reason.
The SAVE Act was passed by the legislature, and signed into law by the governor.  

Basically, it's a law that says that the state has to cut spending in order to balance the budget.  This means that if the state doesn't have enough money to pay all of its bills, they will have to cut back on spending.

The idea is that if they cut spending, the state will be able to get more money from the federal government, which will then be used to pay down the state's debt.
I'm not an optometrist, but I can give you a pretty good idea of how it works. 

First, you go to your eye doctor and get your eyes checked.  Your eye doctor will take a look at your eyes and see if there are any problems.  If there are, they will write you a prescription for glasses.

If there are no problems, the doctor will ask you to come back in a few weeks or months later and get a new prescription.  The doctor will also check your eyes to see if they are dilated.  This is important because your eyes
Batteries use a chemical reaction called electrolysis. 

When you charge a battery, the electrolyte in the cell starts to break down and the water in it evaporates.  When you discharge the battery, it starts to reabsorb some of the water and the electrolytes start to react again.  This is what causes the battery to drain faster.
Cardenismo is the political ideology of the extreme left wing of the Mexican political spectrum.

It's a term used to refer to the extreme right wing of Mexico's political spectrum, and it's often used to describe the party of the current president, Andrs Manuel Lpez Obrador.
They don't shoot at each other accidentally. 

They are trained to do so.  If they are in a situation where they are firing at the same time, they know they can't accidentally shoot each other.
Space is not curved. It is saddle shaped.

We know that space is curved because we can observe the curvature of space. 

If you look at the sky, you can see that the sky is curved, because the light from the sun bends as it passes through the atmosphere. 


This is because light travels through space at different speeds, and the speed of light depends on how fast the light is traveling, and how far away it is from the observer.  If the light travels at the same speed as the sun, it will bend, and if it travels at a different speed
I think it has to do with the fact that men in serious relationships are more likely to be monogamous than women. 

If you're in a serious relationship with a woman, you're not going to be able to have sex with any other woman.  If you are in a monogamous relationship, you can't.
The TSA swab the edges of your laptop to "check something" before letting you have it back
I think it has to do with the fact that we have different tastes in music. 

When you're young, you're exposed to a lot of different types of music, and you learn to like them.  You're also exposed to different kinds of music when you're older.  For example, when I was a kid, I used to listen to classical music all the time.  I would listen to the same songs over and over again.  It was a way for me to escape from the world.  When I was older, I started listening to pop music, which I found to be
It is possible to create and visualize 4 dimensional objects in our universe, but it is not practical. 

Imagine you have a car, and you want to know how it looks.  You can imagine it in 3D, but you can't see it in 4D.

You can create a 3D model of the car, but that's not practical either.  It would be like trying to build a 3d model of a 4D world.
I think it has to do with your circadian rhythm. Your body's natural pattern is upset, as the rhythms that dictate times for eating, sleeping, hormone regulation, body temperature variations, and other functions no longer correspond to the environment, nor to each other in some cases. When you return from vacation, your body has to adjust to a new schedule, and it takes a while for your body to get used to it.
The United Nations is a collection of countries that are members of the UN.  

The UN is not a single entity.  It is a group of countries.  Each member state pays a certain amount of money to the UN each year.  That money is used to pay for things like:

1. The UN Secretariat

2. The Security Council

3. The World Bank

4. The Economic Commission for Africa

5. The United Nations Development Programme (UNDP)

6. UNCTAD

7. The International Criminal Court

8
Iran is not trying to build nuclear weapons.  They are trying to develop a nuclear reactor, but they are not building a nuclear bomb. 

The US is not afraid of Iran developing nuclear weapons because it is a nuclear power.  We are afraid of them because they are a threat to our regional allies and the world.

Iran is a member of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty, which prohibits them from having nuclear weapons, and they are the only country in the world that has not signed up to the treaty.  The UN Security Council has demanded Iran freeze all forms of uranium enrichment.
Your heart is made up of a bunch of different muscle groups. The heart muscle is called the diaphragm, and it is the muscle that controls your heart rate. 

When you are stressed, your heart is trying to pump blood to the rest of your body, but it is not able to do so. Your body tries to compensate by increasing the heart rate, which causes your heart to pump more blood to your lungs. This causes your chest to ache, which is caused by the blood vessels constricting.

If you have a heart attack, the heart will stop pumping enough blood to
It's because the water in your garden hose is constantly moving through the pipes. 

When you turn the water on, the water is moving through a series of pipes that are connected to each other.  When you turn off the water, the pipes are no longer connected to the other pipes, and the water can't flow through all the pipes at the same rate.  The water is now flowing through a smaller amount of water, and it's not flowing as fast as it used to.  This causes the pipes to become rougher.
I think it has to do with the fact that rocking chairs/swings/gliders are a way for us to get used to the movement of our bodies. It's a way to get our bodies used to moving around.
Essay is a written document. A memo is a typed document.

Memorandum is a document that is written by a person or organization. It can be a letter, a memorandum of understanding, a policy memorandum, memorandum of agreement, or memorandum of association.
I think it's because of the height difference between the train and your TV. 

Your TV has an antenna that connects to the ground.  When the train passes by, it's not able to get a signal from the ground to your TV, so it doesn't work.
I think it's because when you look at a painting, you're looking at the surface of the canvas, not at the subject itself. 

It's like looking at a piece of paper.  You're not looking at it from the perspective of the artist, but from the point of view of the viewer.  It's a way for the viewer to get a better idea of what's going on.
I'm not an expert on Egypt, but I'll try to do my best to explain what's going on.

Basically, Egypt is a country that's been ruled by a military dictatorship for the past 30 years. 

Mubarak came to power after the death of Anwar Sadat, who was the last leader of the Arab world's most important political party.  He was elected in a rigged election, and was re-elected in 2005.  The people were unhappy with the way he was running the country, and wanted him to step down and allow for a fair election.
Molecules are made up of a bunch of tiny little balls of molecules. 

When you grind something, you're breaking the molecules into smaller and smaller pieces.  You're also breaking the bonds that hold the molecules together.  When you break the bonds, you are breaking the chains that make up the molecules.

If you want to grind something to molecular level, you have to break the molecules apart.  If you break them apart, you can't.  The molecules are too small to break apart.
Cocaine is a stimulant. It makes you feel euphoric and euphoric, which makes you think you are doing something great. 

It also makes you more aware of your surroundings, which is a good thing.

When you are high on cocaine, your brain is flooded with dopamine, which causes you to feel good and happy, which in turn makes you want to do things that make you feel good.
It's not that we need troops to combat disease, it's that we don't have the resources to do so. 

The US military is not equipped to fight a war, it is equipped to train soldiers to fight disease.
Amplifiers work by amplifying a signal. 

An amplifier is a device that amplifies an electrical signal by adding a voltage to it.  The voltage is proportional to the frequency of the signal being amplified.  For example, if you want to amplify the sound of a guitar, you need to increase the voltage of the amplifier by 1/1000th of a volt.  This is done by using a transformer.  A transformer is a piece of equipment that connects a transformer to an amplifier.  If you have a transformer, you can connect it to a diaphragm, which is a
I think it's a combination of things.

1. It's a great escape from reality

2. It gives you a sense of achievement

3. It makes you feel like you're doing something worthwhile

4. It teaches you how to be a better person.
It was a combination of things. 

1. The war was the first time that the world had ever seen a world war where the Axis powers were able to compete with each other for resources.

2. After the war, many of the countries that were involved in the war had to rebuild their economies, and they had to do it in a way that allowed them to compete for resources with the other countries. 


3. They had to build up their military forces, which meant that they needed to be able to fight and win the war.  They also needed to develop their infrastructure,
It's not that the auto industry hates that Tesla sells directly to the customer instead of going through a dealer.  It's that they don't like that they have to deal with the hassle of having to go through a dealership.  

If you're buying a car from a Tesla dealership, you're going to be dealing with a lot more hassle than if you go through an auto dealership.

You're also going to have to pay a lot of money to have your car serviced.  If you go to a car dealership, they're not going to give you a warranty.  They're
It's not that the software gets worse, it's that the developers don't know how to make it work anymore. 

iOS and Android have been around for a while, and they have a lot of bugs and bugs that they don't want to fix.

Windows, on the other hand, has been around a long time, and has a lot more bugs that it can't fix.
I think it's because your body is trying to get rid of some of the chemicals in your body that cause you to feel sleepy. When you cry, your body releases a hormone called histamine, which causes your body to release endorphins, which make you sleepy.

_URL_0_
Self-defense laws vary from state to state. 

In the United States, the general rule is that "[a] person is privileged to use such force as reasonably appears necessary to defend him or herself against an apparent threat of unlawful and immediate violence from another." In cases involving non-deadly force, this means that the person must reasonably believe that their use of force was necessary to prevent imminent, unlawful physical harm to himself or herself or another or to prevent the commission of a forcible felony.
ESPN closed captioning is not designed to be readable. 

It's not meant to be.  It's meant to make it easier for people with hearing aids to listen to the broadcast, not to be able to read it.
We knock three times to let the person who lives there know that we are there, and to let them know we are coming.
Light travels at the speed of light. 

If you look at the sky, you can see the sun, the moon, the stars, the planets, and all the stars in the sky at the same time.

But you can't see the stars because they're all moving at different speeds.  If you're looking at a star, you're seeing it at a different speed than it is moving towards you.  You're seeing the sun because it's moving at a faster speed than you are.  The moon is travelling at a slower speed than the sun.
Microwaves are electromagnetic waves, and the microwave door is made out of conductive metal.

When microwaves hit the metal, they create an electric field, which causes electrons to flow around the metal. This causes the metal to become conductive, and when the door is open, the microwaves can't get through.
Skin whitening soaps are made with glycerin, which is a type of fat.  It's a chemical that helps remove dead skin cells from the surface of your skin.  Soap is made by adding alcohol to the water to make it clear.  When you wash your skin, you are removing the dead cells.  This is called exfoliation.
A defector is a person who gives up allegiance to one state in exchange for allegiance to another, in a way which is considered illegitimate by the first state. 

For example, if you are a member of the Communist Party, you are considered a traitor by the government of the country you are defecting from.
The food chain is not the only thing that affects the decisions we make regarding the environment, but it is a very important one. 

If you look at the food chain, you can see that there are many different types of animals that eat different kinds of food, and they all share the same food.

For example, if you have a bunch of different species that eat the same type of plant, they all eat different things, and so they all need different things to survive, so they have different food chains. If you have lots of animals eating the same types of plants, then they will all
There is no air in space for the sound waves to travel through.

Radio waves travel at the speed of light, and they travel through the air.
I'm not sure what you mean by mentally slow, but I think it has to do with how much you have to learn. 

When you're in school, you have a lot of things to learn, and it's hard to keep up with all of them. If you don't have enough time to do them, you'll fall behind, and if you have too much to do, you won't be able to do the things you need to do.
I'm not an expert on texturing, but I can give you an idea of how it works. 

When you're creating a 3D model, you have a bunch of little brushes that you can use to draw shapes on the surface of the model. These shapes are called "brushes" and they are made up of a series of shapes that are arranged in a grid. The brushes are placed and oriented to create an enclosed, empty, volumetric space, and when the model is finished, you can draw on the edges of the brush to make it look like it's moving.
No, they don't die instantly. 

They suffocate slowly.

The space suit is designed to keep them from suffocating to death.
Mafiosi don't know who they belong to, they just know who the bosses are.

There are a lot of different families in different parts of the world, and they all have different rules about what they do and how they do it.
It's because of the size of the film. 

Large format film is 4 perforations tall, with an aspect ratio of 1.375:1, 22 by 16mm (0.735 inches) at the dawn of motion pictures, whereas digital film is 24 by 24.5 inches, which is 1.85:1.

This means that the film has to be printed on a larger roll of paper, which means that it takes longer for the film to be developed.
When you urinate, the urethra (the hole at the tip of the penis) has a slit in it that allows for two separate streams to come out at the same time. 

When you ejaculate, the two streams come out of the same hole.
They don't need documents to get housing or a job, car, etc. They just don't have them.
I think it has to do with the fact that Japanese people tend to be more conservative and conservative than Americans. 

In the past, tattoos were associated with the yakuza, Japan's notorious mafia, and many businesses in Japan (such as public baths, fitness centers and hot springs) still ban customers with tattoos.
The wage gap is a result of factors such as experience, education, experience, and other job-relevant characteristics. 

For example, a man with a bachelor's degree and a 4 year college degree will make more money than a woman with a Bachelor's degree.

A woman with an associate's degree will earn $10,000 per year, while a man will make $20,000.
Your sinuses constrict when it's cold, causing your eyes to tear. When it's warm, your sinuses expand, causing them to constrict.
They don't.

Torrents are not illegal.  They are legal.  

They are legal because the content is owned by the copyright holder.  It's not illegal to watch a TV show on a torrent site, it's illegal to download it.
They don't let us know when they've edited their posts for simple grammar mistakes.  They don't want us to delete their posts.
Spam is sent out to different websites and email addresses. 

Spammers use a variety of methods to do this.

1. They create an email address and send it to the recipient's mail server.  
2. They send the email to the server, and the server sends it back to the spammer.
3. The server sends the spam to the spammers.
4. The spammer sends the message to the sender's email address.
5. The spammers send the message out to the recipients.
6. The recipient receives the spam.
7.
Mercury is a strong oxidizing agent. 

Mercury in amalgam fillings is dissolved in nitric acid, which is the acid form of mercuric nitrate (Mercuric mercury). This is the form of mercury that is most dangerous to your body.

The mercury in your fillings isn't toxic because it's dissolved in the acid.  It's toxic because the mercury is converted to mercury.
It's not so much that they find new ways to bot around any new restrictions, it's that they keep coming up with new ways of doing it. 

For example, a lot of the time, the game company will ban an account because they think it's a bot, but the botters will find a way to get around the ban.

Another example is when a game company bans a bot because they don't want to have to pay a fine for it. The botters find a new way to do it.
I think it has something to do with the fact that the fabric is softer than the hardwood.  

Hardwood floors absorb a lot of water, so it's easier for your dog to urinate on it.  Fabric, on the other hand, absorbs a lot more water than wood.  If you have a hardwood floor, your dog will pee on it, but if you have fabric, he will poop on the carpet.
I'm 29 years old, and I've never had this happen to me. 

I'm not sure if it's a genetic thing, but I'm pretty sure it has something to do with the amount of hydrogen peroxide in your hair.

Hair is made up of pigments called melanin. Melanin is the pigment that gives your hair its color. When you're young, your hair has a lot of melanin in it, but as you get older, it stops being able to produce as much melanin as it used to. This causes your hair to get greasy and
The VP takes the oath of office in the same way that the president does. 

The president takes it in front of the House of Representatives, and the VP takes it before the Senate.
The Beatles changed the sound of rock and roll. 

The Beatles were the first band to really break the mold.  Before them, the Beatles were playing the same style of music that was popular in the 60s and 70s.  They were playing a lot of the same songs, but they were playing them in a slightly different style.  The Beatles broke the mold by playing songs in a way that was different from what was popular at the time.

They were playing songs that were very different from the way they were used to playing.  For example, "I Want To Hold Your Hand" is a song that was written in the early 60s,
Your taste buds are not telling you what you like, they are telling your brain what you don't like. Your brain tells you what it likes.
I'm not sure what the transition period looks like, but I'm guessing it's like this:

Your brain is trying to make sense of the world around you. Your eyes are used to seeing the world in a straight line, so when you're upside down, your brain has to flip the image around to see the world from the other side.

When you wear the upside-down goggles, your eyes are trying to adjust to the change in orientation, so your brain can't make the same sense of what's going on around you, so it takes a while for your brain to get used to
Fusion is a process where two nuclei collide and stick together. 

The energy released is the energy from the net attraction of the nuclei to each other.
It depends on how long it takes for the tower to transmit the signal. 

If you're talking about a cell phone tower, it takes a long time for a signal to travel from one cell tower to another, but if you are talking about the tower itself, it can take a few seconds for the signal to get from one tower to the other.

For example, if you have a cell tower in the middle of a city, it will take a couple of seconds for a call to go through the tower, but once it does, the tower will be able to tell you where the phone is
Your ear has three semicircular canals, or tubes, arranged at right angles to one another.  These canals are lined with hairs connected to nerve endings and are partially filled with fluid.  When you move your head, the fluid in the canals expands and contracts, causing vibrations in the fluid.

When you hear a sound, your brain interprets these vibrations and interprets them as a signal that your head is tilted. 

Your brain then interprets the signals from your ears to tell you that you are tilted.
It's called a scutula. It's a thin layer of skin that forms on the surface of the pimple.
PayPal is a payment processor.  It's a company that allows you to pay for goods and services online.  

You can pay for things like auctions on eBay, donate money to charity, or send money to people who need it.  You can also pay for items that you don't want to buy.  If you want to donate money, you need to have a PayPal account.

PayPal also lets you send and receive money in a variety of ways.  For example, you can send it to someone who needs it, or you can donate it to a charity that needs it
Eggs and dairy are a source of protein. 

Vegetarians do not eat eggs because they believe that they cause animal suffering and premature death.
It depends on the laws in the area.

In the US, squatting is illegal unless you have legal permission to occupy a building or land. 

If you are squatting on land that is owned by the government, you can be evicted if you don't have permission to do so. 


In other countries, it is illegal.
The speed of light is the speed of sound. 

If you want to travel faster than that, you need to go faster than light.
The government is not supposed to cost tax payers $100 million a day. The government is supposed to be shut down to prevent a debt default.
The Bible is a collection of stories from the Old Testament, which is the bible written by the Jewish people. 

The Old Testament was written by a group of Jewish people called the Israelites.  They were the people who lived in Israel at the time of Jesus Christ's birth.  The Bible is the collection of the writings of the prophets who lived during that time.

Jesus was the son of Abraham, the father of Israel.  He was a prophet, and he was the one who wrote the Bible.  Jesus was a man of God, and the Bible is about his teachings.
It's not so much that they have to be that large, it's that they need to be powerful enough to handle the amount of data that needs to be stored. 

The PS2/3/4 and Xbox/360/One have to have a lot of processing power to handle all of the games that they are capable of playing.

They also need to have enough storage space to store all of their games.
It's called [meralgia paresthetica](_URL_0_). It's caused by a nerve in your thigh being damaged. 

It's caused when you stretch your thigh, and the nerve is damaged.
Lobbying is a legal activity in which special interests hire well-connected professional advocates, often lawyers, to argue for specific legislation in decision-making bodies such as the United States Congress. 

Bribery is when you bribe a politician to vote in favor of something.
You can't declare bankruptcy to avoid paying the woman even though he's got the excess money to give to her. 

You can declare bankruptcy in order to get rid of the debt, but you can't avoid paying it.
Capital gains tax is a tax on the sale of stocks.

China does not have a capital gains tax on stocks.
I think it has something to do with the fact that we don't have the same sense of rhythm that other animals do.

Humans have a very good sense of time and rhythm, but animals don't. 

In fact, we have a hard time keeping up with the beat of the music we listen to, so we can't really keep up with it. Animals, on the other hand, have a much better sense of timing and rhythm than we do.
The stock market is not overvalued. 

It is overvalued because there is a lot of demand for the stock.

If you want to buy a stock, you need to have a good idea of what the value of the stock is going to be in the future.  If you don't know what the price will be in 10 years, you can't buy it.
Your brain takes in information from your eyes and uses it to create a picture of the world around you.

When you see something, your brain interprets it as if it were a picture, and uses that image to create an image of what you feel.
I think it has to do with the fact that 10 dollars is the smallest denomination of currency in the US. 

If you want to sell something for $10.99, you need to have 10 cents in change, and 10 cents isn't enough to cover the cost of the item, so you have to add 10 cents to the price to make it $9.99.
Israel is the name of the land that is now Israel. It was originally known as Eretz Israel, and was part of the Kingdom of Judah. 

In the middle of the Middle Ages, the Jews were living in the highlands of what is now known as Judea and Samaria, which is also known as the Holy Land.

During the time of the Jewish exodus from the Old Testament, the Israelites lived in the hills of Samaria and Judea, which was then known as Zebulun, Issachar, Asher, Naphtali, Dan, Manasseh, Ephraim, Reuben and Gad. These were the first Israelites
Blue balls are the color of billiard balls. 

When you hit a billiard ball with a baseball bat, you are hitting it with a ball that is blue.  When you hit the ball with another ball, it is hitting a ball of the same color.  This causes the ball to be blue.

In the game kelly pool, the balls are hit with balls of different colors.  The blue balls are hitting each other, and the red balls hit each other with red balls, and so on.  So when you hit two blue balls, you hit them with a red ball
It's not that you can't "unturn" the knob, it's that it's a safety feature.

When you turn the oven on, you're changing the temperature of the oven. When you turn it off, you are changing the pressure in the oven, which is what causes the oven to turn off.
Subwoofers use exposed wires and clips instead of a regular plug because they are designed to be more conductive than regular plugs. 

A regular plug is designed to have a non-conductive connection between the ground and the ground.  This means that if you plug a subwoofer into a standard plug, it will not conduct enough electricity to make a sound.

If you plug it in, the ground will conduct more electricity than the ground, which means that it will be more difficult for the ground to conduct electricity.  If the ground is not conductive enough, the subwo
I think it's because of the concrete. Concrete floors are often poured onto a metal pan, which completely blocks most radio signals.
It's called a quantum superposition.

Imagine that you have a bunch of particles in a room, and you're trying to figure out which one of them is going to be the next one to appear. 

If you look at the room, you can see that each particle is in a state of being in a different state, but you can also see that they're all in the same state at the same time, so you can tell which one is the next. If you take a picture of one of the particles, you'll see that it's in a superposition of all the other particles
We use the word "corpse" to describe a dead human body, but "carcass" is used to describe any other dead being?
Caffeine, nicotine, ibuprofen, anti-depressants, etc, are all in your blood. 

They are in the blood because your body doesn't want to waste it.
The V-2 rocket was powered by two engines, the first stage and the second stage. The second stage had two combustion chambers, which could gimbal along two axes, which provided gyroscopic force in lieu of a guidance system that would have required vanes, gimbals, or vernier motors. The first stage also had two fixed air vanes for stability during first stage powered flight.
The constant e in logarithms is the inverse of the constant e. 

Let's say you have a number x = 1.

If x is a complex number, and you want to know how long it takes for x to go from 0 to 1, you need to know that x = -1. So, if x is 0, then x = 0, and if x goes from 1 to 0, x = x

Now, let's say that x is 1, and we want to find out how long x will take to get to 1.  So, we need
It's a combination of the control key and a key usually labeled "x" (lowercase letter ex), typically used to delete selected text.
They are used to keep the sheets from getting dirty. 

They are also used to help keep the mattress warm.

A duvet is made of down or feathers of various quality and cost, or silk, wool, cotton, or artificial fibers such as polyester batting.
Because it would be unethical and illegal.

Stem cell research is a medical field, not a scientific one. It's not about cloning a fetus, it's about creating a new line of stem cells that can be used to treat diseases.
KaloBios is a company that makes a drug called Daraprim, which is a generic version of the brand name brand name drug that is sold by Turing Pharmaceuticals. 

Martin Shkreli is the CEO of the company, and he is known for being a big pharma guy.  He has a lot of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, and is very good at getting people to pay for his company's products.

The problem is that he has a history of over-promising and under-delivering on the quality of his drugs.  In the past, he has
It's called the [Frhlich effect](_URL_0_). It's a phenomenon that occurs when you look out the window at something far away, and your brain interprets the distance between you and the object as if it's moving faster than it is. 

The reason it happens is because when you are in a car, your eyes are focused on the object in front of you and not the object far away.  Your brain interpretes the distance as if the object is moving faster.  When you are far away from the object you are looking at, your brain doesn't have
The stock market in China has been doing well for the past couple of years, but recently the economy has been slowing down and the government has been trying to stimulate the economy.

This is causing a lot of people to sell off their stocks, and the stock market is falling.
It's because they don't want the government to be able to take their money. They don't like the idea of the government taking their money, and they want to prevent the government from being able to spend it.
I think it has something to do with the fact that Chinese food is made with a lot of different ingredients. Cheese is a very common ingredient in Chinese food, but it's not as common as it is in other cuisines.
Kamikaze and banzai charges were a last resort. 

Banzai charges are used by small groups of soldiers to surprise and demoralize the enemy.

They were used by the Japanese in China and the Philippines during WWII, and they were very effective against the Japanese Army.
They owe favors to their donors. 

They don't owe them money, they owe them access to the information they need to get the job done.

If they don't have access to that information, they can't do their job.
Roads are not always straight lines from point A-B. Sometimes they are curved, sometimes they are not. 

For example, if you want to go from A to B, you have to go east to B and then west to C. If you go from B to C, you need to go north to C and then south to A.
I'm not sure what you're talking about. Nicotine is a stimulant, but it's also a diuretic, which means that it's a depressant. 

When you're awake, your body is trying to regulate your sleep cycle, and it's doing a lot of work. It's trying to get you to go to sleep when you don't want to.

But when you're asleep, it's not working as well. Your body is still trying to adjust to the fact that you're not getting enough sleep, so you're still waking up at the wrong time of the day
It is possible to get the full volume of coffee implied by the size of the cup by asking for a larger cup. 

The problem is that the cup is too small to hold the full amount of espresso, so you end up with a cup that is half coffee and half foam.
The Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan in 1979. It was a civil war between the Soviets and the Mujahedin, a group of mostly ethnic Tajiks who were opposed to the Soviet Union. 

After the Soviets took control of the country, they had a lot of trouble with the Taliban, who were a bunch of ethnic Pashtuns who had been fighting the Soviets for years. The Soviets decided to send in troops to help them, but the Taliban didn't want to give up power, so they started a guerrilla war against the Soviets.

In the end, the Soviets had to pull out
Your car's tail lights are LED's.

When you look at a video of your car, you are looking at the rear view mirror.  When the car is moving, the light from the rearview mirror reflects off of the car's headlights.  This reflects back to the camera, and the camera then uses that reflected light to illuminate the car. 

Your tail lights don't reflect back to you, they reflect the light of the street.  So when you see your car on the screen, you're seeing the light reflected off of your tail lights.  It's like a police car
Magnetic attraction is caused by a magnetic field. 

When you put a magnet on a piece of metal, the electrons in the metal are attracted to it because they have a negative charge.  If you move the magnet away from the metal, it will repel the electrons.
They don't need the honey to survive the winter. 

Honey is a byproduct of their foraging.  They don't even need to eat it to survive.
Waves break left to right/right to left instead of breaking all at once.

The reason for this is because the water is moving at different speeds. 

If you look at a wave from the side of the ocean, you can see that it is moving in a straight line.  But if you take a look at it from the other side, you will see that the waves are moving in the opposite direction.  
 
The water is not moving in straight lines.  It is moving along a curved path.  If you take the water from the bottom of a wave and
The US dollar is the most widely held currency in the world, so if the US were to default on its debt, the value of the US dollar would be affected.

Greece has a lot of debt, and the Euro has a LOT of debt. 

If the Euro were to lose its value, the US Dollar would lose its status as the world's reserve currency.
Because motorcycles are insanely loud without any consequence?
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it has to do with the frequency of the oscillator.

A synthesizer uses a resonator to create a waveform. The waveform is made up of a bunch of different bands of frequencies. 

When you play a note, your brain interprets the waveform as a fundamental pitch.  This fundamental pitch is what you hear when you hear a note.  When you play another note, you're hearing the fundamental pitch, but your brain is also hearing the overtones.  These overtones are what make the note sound
The 5th amendment does not protect against things like civil asset forfeiture. It protects against the government taking your property without your consent.
Chocolate bars are made of a lot of different things. 

Chocolate is made of many different things, but one of the most common things is chocolate nougat.  It's made from a variety of different ingredients, and it's made in different shapes, sizes, and shapes.

The reason it's cheaper to make a 45g bar of chocolate than a 300g bar is because it's less expensive to make, and therefore less likely to be adulterated.
It's not summer everywhere, it's just summer on a part of the world.

In the Northern Hemisphere, when the earth is at its furthest point from the sun, the sun rises and sets at the same time every year, so it's called "winter". In the Southern Hemisphere, the earth's axis of rotation is tilted slightly to the north, and the sun sets and rises at different times of the year. This causes the seasons to change.
Your bellybutton lint is made up of a bunch of tiny little hairs that get caught in the fabric of your shirt. When you wear other colors of shirts, the lint sticks to the fabric, so it looks like a bluish gray color.
The UK is a Commonwealth country.  It is part of the Commonwealth, which is a group of countries that share a common language, culture, and history with the United States.  

In the early days of the British Empire, the UK was a colony of the US, and the US was a British colony.  This meant that the US government had a lot of power over the UK, and that the British government had very little power over them.

The US Constitution was written in the late 1800s, and was ratified by the US Congress in the early 1900s.  The US Congress
Laptop screens are thinner because they are thinner. 

Monitors are made of LCD screens, which are LCDs.  They have a higher resolution than laptop screens, so they have to be thinner.

Laptops are made out of aluminum, which is a thinner material than LCD screens.
They don't. 

Life insurance is a loan.  It's not a loan, it's an investment.  If you buy a life insurance policy, you pay a monthly premium, and the company gives you a lump sum of money when you die.

If you don't pay the monthly premiums, they don't give you the lump sum, they just give you money.  They don't want you to have to worry about it, they want to make money.
Galaxies are made up of gas and dust. When two galaxies collide, they push each other out of the way so that they can't collide with each other. 

When they collide, there will be a lot of dust and gas falling into the center of the Milky Way, which will eventually collide with the Andromeda Galaxy.

The Milky Way and Andromeda galaxies will collide, but they won't be the same. The Milky Way will be the centre of the galaxy, and the Andromeda galaxy will be at the edge of it.
Gum is made up of polymers that are hydrophobic, meaning they repel water. This means that when you drink water with gum, the water in your mouth will not be able to penetrate the polymers and dissolve the sugars and flavorings in the gum, but not the gum base itself.
Gravel is made of aggregate, which is basically a mixture of sand and gravel. 

Asphalt is made out of concrete, but the concrete is porous, which means that it can absorb water and evaporate faster than other materials.

Gravel, on the other hand, is harder than concrete, so it can't absorb as much water as other materials, and it's harder to evaporate as well.
You can bet 1st and 2nd 12 on roulette and walk away with better odds than the house. 

The house is betting 1/2 of the pot, and you're betting 1.5/2.

If you bet 1/12, the house will give you 1/4 of the total pot, which means that you're getting 1/10th the pot.
I think it has to do with the fact that when you hear a loud noise, your brain sends a signal to your eyes to tell them to close their eyes and ears. 

When you hear loud noises, your eyes are telling your brain to focus on your eyes, not your ears.
It's called ulnar nerve entrapment. 

The nerve is a branch of the carpal tunnel that runs from your elbow to the bones of your wrist.

When you're lying on your back, you're pressing on the nerve that controls the flexor digitorum profundus (FDP), flexor pollicis longus (FPL), and the pronator quadratus, and the muscles that control your thumb and index finger.  These muscles are connected to the ulnar canal, which is a nerve that connects your arm to the bone structure of your elbow.
Yes, you would stop salivating. Salivary glands in your mouth will stop producing saliva if you didn't swallow it. 

If you did not swallow your own saliva, your saliva glands would start to produce more and more saliva, and your mouth would fill up with it.
Vinegar and baking soda react in the same way. 

When you add vinegar to dry ice, it causes the dry ice to freeze faster than the vinegar.

If you add baking soda to hot ice, the vinegar will react with the ice, and the ice will freeze faster. This is called the [Baking Soda Hot Ice Reaction](_URL_0_).
Unconditional stimuli: a stimulus that causes a reflexive response.

Conceptual stimuli: A stimulus that triggers a conditioned response.
Radiation is caused by neutrons and gamma rays hitting the cells in your body. When you are exposed to a lot of radiation, the neutrons get into your cells and cause them to stop dividing. This causes them to die.

When you die from radiation poisoning, your body doesn't have time to repair the damage done by the radiation. Your body has a self-repair mechanism that allows it to repair itself, but it doesn't work as well when you're exposed to high doses of radiation.
The arteries are called capillaries, and the veins are called venules. 

An arterial artery carries blood from the heart to the heart, and a venule carries it to the veins.

A venule is the same as an artery, but it has no smooth muscle, and is surrounded by smooth muscle cells.
Taxpayers have to pay for it.  

The government does not pay for everything.  The government pays for it through taxes.
Bread goes stale when it's exposed to air for too long.

Bread bags have microperforations in the plastic that allow air to escape, which helps keep the bread moist.
Unity is a game engine that allows you to create 3D environments in both 2D and 3D.

It is designed to be easy to use and easy to learn, and it has a lot of features that make it easy for developers to learn and use.
The Colbert Report is a parody of the late night news show The Daily Show.  It's a satire of the news media.  The main character is a self-important, self-absorbed, condescending journalist who has spent a lot of his life playing the role of an authority figure.

The character is played by Stephen Colbert, who is a comedian, writer, and host of a late night talk show.  He is known as the "Daily Show correspondent" because he was the host of The Colbert Report for a few years before he left the show to host his own show.
They can, but they don't want to. 

It's not that they can't install key loggers, it's that they want to keep track of your keystrokes.  They want to know who you are and what you are doing with your computer.
I think it's because of the way the zipper is designed.

It's not the zipper itself, it's the way that the fabric is zipped. 

When you open the zipper, you're opening a hole in the fabric.  When you close the zipper again, you are opening a new hole.  This is why you get a boner when you open a zipper.
It would have made sense to move the machine and the team to a well protected bunker, but it would have taken a lot of time and money to build it. 

Turing was a genius, but he wasn't the only genius at Bletchley Park. There were many other people who worked there, and they were doing the same thing.
It's because cigarette butts contain tar, tar, and other toxins from the cigarette. They're not litter, they're just the remains of a cigarette.
There are a lot of things that are wrong with an omnipresent surveillance system which is accessible to all.

1. It would make it more difficult for law enforcement to do their jobs. 

For example, if you want to find someone who committed a crime, you need to get a warrant from a judge to look at their phone records.  If you don't have a warrant, you can't do that.  You need to go to a judge and show that you have probable cause to believe that the person committed the crime.
It's not that you can't hear a train coming, it's that the train is moving so fast that the sound waves from the wheels of the train are bouncing off of the rails. 

If you're walking on the track, you're not only hitting the rails, but you're also hitting the ground as well.

You can't see the train coming because the rails are so thin, and the air is so thin that you're hitting them with your feet.
When you're lying down in bed, your body is still adjusting to the motion of the world around you. 

Your body is used to the constant motion of your body, and your brain is still trying to adjust to it.
Your hard drive is a piece of magnetic tape. 

When you write something to it, it spins the platters.  The platters are magnetized.  When you write, the magnetic platters magnetize.  This magnetism causes the platter to move.  If you have a lot of data on it, you can move it around a lot.

If you don't want to move it too much, you just write it down.  But if you want to keep it in one place for a long time, you have to rotate it.  You can do this by moving
Torrenting works like this:

First, you have a torrent server. It's a network of computers that connects to each other. 

When you want to download a torrent, you connect to one of those computers and ask for a piece of the torrent file.

The server will send you a torrent file, which contains the torrent descriptor.  The torrent descriptor is a list of all the torrents that have been downloaded so far.  If you want more, you can send more torrents to the server.  This is called a swarm.  A swarm is a group of computers connected
It's called "Notes" and it's used to balance the folios that make up the book (see bookbinding).

It's also used as a place to write "This page was intentionally left blank" to make sure that every page is accounted for.

_URL_0_
Tupac Shakur was killed in 1996. 

He was shot in the back of the head during a fight with his friend Biggie Smalls.  He was a member of the Live Squad, a group of rappers who were known to be involved in drug dealing and violence.  Tupac denied involvement in Biggie's murder, but continued to talk about him after death, even up to his death.
Gerrymandering is the practice of drawing districts that favor one party over the other. 

In North Carolina, the state's congressional districts are drawn by the state legislature, and the state supreme court has ordered the legislature to redraw the districts.
Formaldehyde is a colorless gas with a HCHO. 

E-cigarette liquid contains glycerin, which is a naturally occurring form of formaldehyde.

When the liquid is heated, it reacts with the nichrome wire (heating element that touches the e-cigarette coil) to form carbonyls.
A turbocharger is a blower or compressor, usually driven by the engine, for supplying air under high pressure to the cylinders of an internal-combustion engine.

A supercharger, on the other hand, is a device that is driven by exhaust, usually by the exhaust exhaust. 

The difference between turbochargers and superchargers is that the exhaust is not the engine's crankshaft, it's the exhaust.
It's not. 

It's just that the FCC has decided to classify it as 25Mbps down, 3Mbps up.  It's not really an issue of speed, it's more of a matter of how fast the ISP is able to provide the service, and how much money they are willing to pay for it.
When you heat up a substance, you are adding energy to it. This energy is called latent heat. 

When you increase the pressure, you're increasing the amount of energy that is being added to the substance, which is called the latent heat of expansion.
You can be the owner, president, CEO etc. but you can't control the company. 

You need to have a board of directors to make sure the company is doing what it should be doing.
If you're not careful, you could blow up your fuel pump.

The fuel pump is designed to pump fuel into the tank, not out of the tank. If you fill the tank while the engine is running, the pressure in the tank will be too high, and the fuel will not be able to get to the engine.
For-profit colleges are not regulated by the government, they are regulated by a private organization called the "accrediting body".

Accrediting bodies set the standards and enforce them.

For example, the University of Phoenix was accredited by the Accrediting Council of Colleges and Schools (ACS) and the Higher Learning Commission (HLC). 

They are not required to follow the standards set by the federal government, but they are required by the state and local governments to do so.
New Orleans was the largest city in the Confederacy at the start of the Civil War.  It was located on the Mississippi River, which was a major shipping route for slaves.  

During the war, the Confederacy had a lot of slaves, and they needed a place to store their goods.  The Mississippi River was a very important shipping route, and it was a place where they could sell their goods to other slave owners.
They don't. 

Black holes don't "move" through space, they "drag" space.  They are "dragged" by the gravitational pull of the mass of the black hole.  If you look at a black hole, you can see that it is moving at the speed of light, but it is not moving through space at the same speed as light.  It is moving in the opposite direction of light.
Meta tags are a set of tags that are used to describe the content of a page. 

For example:

_URL_0_
The acid in your stomach is produced by the bacteria in your intestines. 

When you eat contaminated food, the bacteria are not able to produce as much acid as they normally do, so the acid is neutralized by the mucus in your gut.
Your grandparents will likely not have similar wealth in their retirement.

Your parents will likely have more money in retirement than you will in your retirement.
Ice cream is made up of fat, sugar, and water.  The water freezes at a lower temperature than the rest of the ice, so it's easier for it to form ice crystals.
It depends on who's actually selling it.

If it's a direct commercial sale, then it's called a Direct Commercial Sale. 

A direct Commercial Sale is when a company is selling weapons to another country, and the other country is buying them from the company.  It's called an indirect sale, and it's when the company is actually selling the weapons to the country that's buying them.  For example, if a company sells a piece of equipment to a company that sells weapons to a country that is buying weapons from the United States, then the company selling the equipment to that country is
Alcohol is a depressant. It causes your brain to release chemicals that make you feel drunk. 

When you're drunk, your brain has a hard time processing information, so it takes a lot of time to process it.

Alcohol, on the other hand, is a stimulant. When you drink alcohol, it makes your brain think that you're not drunk, so you don't need to process any of the information that's been stored in your brain, so your brain doesn't have to work as hard to make sense of it. This makes it easier for you to react to situations
Molasses is made up of sugar and water. Honey is made of honey. 

Honey has a higher surface tension than molasses, which means that it has less surface tension, which makes it easier for it to stick to the surface of the food.
The federal government has been cracking down on medical marijuana dispensaries for a long time. 

The reason they are doing this is because the federal government doesn't want to get involved in the medical marijuana industry.  They don't like the fact that it's illegal, and they don't want people to be able to get medical marijuana.
They get their call letters from the Federal Communications Commission (FCC).

The FCC gives out the call letters in alphabetical order.

For example, WRCB is a radio station in the Washington DC area. 

WRCB starts with a W, which is the first letter of the alphabet, and WRC is the second letter. 


So, if you want to get a news station in Washington DC, you have to go to the FCC and apply for a license, and they will give you a 4 letter call sign.  If you want a TV station, you
I think it has to do with the way your brain stores information. 

When you are young, your brain has a lot of storage space in your brain.  When you are older, it has less storage space.  This means that you can't store as much information as you used to.

As you get older, the storage space gets smaller and smaller.  Your brain can store more and more information, but it's not stored in the same way as it was when you were young.  The more information you store, the less space you have to store it in.
FMN is a nucleotide.

It's a chemical group that contains a nitrogenous base, a phosphate group, and a nucleoside. 

A nucleotide is a molecule that is made up of three different types of nucleotides: a base, an amino acid, and two phosphate groups. 


The nucleotide in FMN is the one that contains the phosphate group.
Olympics are almost never profitable, why would countries spend billions on it?
It's called "leucism" and it's caused by a mutation in the pigment in the iris. 

The pigment in your eyes is called melanin.  It's the pigment that makes your eyes yellowish.
When you pour soda into a cup, you're pouring it into a glass container. The glass container has a higher pressure than the can, which allows for more air to enter the drink, which causes it to form a foam. 

The can, on the other hand, has a lower pressure, which means that the air in the can can't enter the cup as easily.
Yes, it is possible to make your company huge and still hold 100% of the shares. 

The problem is that you need to be able to grow the company to the point where you can afford to pay off all of your debt.

If you want to grow your company, you have to be willing to pay a lot of money in order to do so.
It depends on the type of business.  

For example, if you're talking about a restaurant, they might have a loss of $100,000, but they're not reporting it to the government.  They're reporting it as a loss to the local government.

If you're referring to a small business, they're reporting a loss in the amount of money they lost because they were forced to shut down, but not the amount they lost in revenue.  The government doesn't know how much they lost, so they don't report it to them.  If it's a large business
The government doesn't set price ceilings for health care costs.  The government sets the price of everything.  

The government does set the price for drugs, but it's not the same thing as setting price for all health care.  It's the government's job to make sure that everyone has access to the drugs they need, and that they don't overcharge for them.

If the government were to set a price ceiling on drugs, it would mean that everyone would have to pay the same amount of money for the same drugs.  That's not a good idea.  If the government
SSNs are a way for the phone company to keep track of who you are calling and who you're talking to. It's not really a secure way to do that. 

If you're calling someone from your phone company, they can get your phone number, but they can also get your email address, your bank account number, your credit card number, and your social security number.

The problem is that these numbers are stored in plaintext, which means that they can be read by anyone who knows how to decrypt them. This means that anyone can read them, even if they don't know
Yes, if you replayed the universe exactly the same from the start, it would be the same. 

The universe is not random.  It is deterministic in the sense that we know the initial state of the universe, and we can predict what will happen in the future based on that state.
Dogs are carnivores, cats are omnivores. 

Dogs like cat food, cats like dog food.
A pond is a small body of water that is surrounded by land. A lake is a large body of land that is connected to the ocean.

Lagoons are large bodies of water separated from land by barrier islands or reefs.
Laser therapy is a non-invasive method of stimulating the brain.  It's not a cure all, but it's a way to stimulate the brain in a way that doesn't require invasive surgery.

The problem with laser therapy is that it doesn't work as well in animals that can't talk.  If you want to know if it's effective, you need to be able to test it in animals who can talk.
Wee is pronounced "Double U" and not "Wee"

It's because of the pronunciation of Old English vowels. 

Vowels in Old English evolved from Proto-Indo-European languages, and the vowel sounds that we hear today are the result of a change in the way they are pronounced.

The Old English vowel sounds are pronounced as "w" and "wee".

In Old English, the vowel sound that we use today is a diphthong, which is pronounced as a long vowel sound. It's the same as the sound we use
We don't know for certain reasons, but I think it has something to do with the fact that we have a finite amount of resources. 

In the past, we had a lot of resources to support a large number of people, but as the population grew, it became harder and harder for us to keep up with the demand for food and resources, so we had to cut back on the number of children we had.
The ice blocks in a glass are made up of a bunch of tiny ice crystals. 

When you shake the ice block, you are changing the shape of the ice, which causes it to vibrate in a different way.

If you shake a glass of water, you're changing the size of the crystals in the ice blocks, so they vibrate at different frequencies.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm guessing it's the facial nerve. It's the nerve that controls the muscles that move your eyes. It also controls the pressure in your eyes, which causes them to constrict. When someone puts a finger close to your forehead, it causes your pupils to dilate, making it harder for you to see.
The sound you hear is the vibrations of the air in your ears. 

Your ears are made up of a bunch of tiny hairs that are constantly vibrating.  When there is no air in the room, they vibrate, and the vibrations are reflected back to your brain.  Your brain interprets this as sound, and interprets it as speech.
"Shooketh" is an Old English word meaning "to shake" or "to move". It's also used to mean "to push".

"Shaken" comes from the Old English "shook" meaning to move, and "shaken" means to move.
KONY 2012 was a publicity stunt.  It was meant to get attention for his new album, but it didn't.  

It was also meant to be a show of power.  The fact that he was able to get away with it is a big deal.  He's a celebrity, and he has a lot of money, so he's able to do whatever he wants.

The problem is that he's not getting the attention he wants, and the media doesn't want to give him the attention that he deserves.  They don't want him to be famous, and they don
HTML5 is the next version of HTML. 

It's a new version of the standard that is designed to be easier to use, faster to write, and more flexible.  It's also designed to make it easier for developers to write websites that don't need to be written in the same way as they do now.  For example, if you want to make a website that only needs to display a single image, you can use CSS.  CSS is a set of rules that tell your browser how to render a page.  They are based on the same rules that are used in CSS3,
Immunosuppressant drugs are needed for internal organs while it is not for skin grafts or for blood transfusions.  

Skin grafts are done by grafting the skin from another organ.  Blood transfusions are done through the blood vessels.  The immune system needs to be able to fight off the foreign cells that are trying to enter the blood vessel.  If the immune system doesn't have enough time to do this, it will reject the new organ.
Amnesia is caused by damage to the hippocampus, which is the part of the brain that stores memories. 

Amnesia can be caused by any number of things, but the most common is retrograde amnesia, which means that you can't remember the events that caused you to have amnesia in the first place.
Cuba is still a communist country, so they still have a lot of old cars from the 70s and 80s.
Yes, it does. 

The ocean is cold, but it's not as cold as the air above it.  It's colder than the air below it.
I think it has to do with the fact that tranquilizers and other less-lethal weapons are designed to incapacitate the target, not the other way around. 

A bullet is designed to hit the brain and cause it to stop functioning.  If you hit a person in the head with a bullet, it will cause them to lose consciousness, but if you hit them in the back of the head, they will still be able to move.

If you hit someone in the face with a stun gun, the shock will paralyze them, but it will take a few seconds for them to stop moving
When you hit something, you are exerting a force on it, and the object is trying to resist that force. 

Think of it like this:

When you push against something, the object resists the force with equal force (called a normal force).

But when you hit it, you're exerting more force.

The object is not resisting the force, it's absorbing it.
It's not a question of masturbation, it's a question about how you masturbate.

If you're not circumcised, you don't have a penis, but you do have a clitoris. The clitoris is the part of the penis that is responsible for lubricating the clitoris, and it's the one that gives you an erection. 

The clitoris has a lot of different functions, but one of the most important functions is to lubricate the penis. It's the part that makes it easier for you to get an erection, and the other part is what makes it hard for you
I think it has to do with the pigment in the iris. Brown eyes contain more melanin, which absorbs more blue light than blue eyes.
Pepsi is a bigger competitor than Coke. 

Coca-Cola is seen as a competitor because it's a bigger brand, and because it has a larger market share in the US.  Pepsi is a smaller brand, so it's seen as less of a competitor.
It's not really an answer subreddit, it's a question and answer subreddit. 

There are a few things that make it different from /r/answers:

_URL_0_
You can open the sunroof, but you need to open the driver's side window first. If you open the passenger side window, you'll need to push it out of the way.
It's a cultural thing.

In the United States, the dollar is divided into 4 pieces.  The quarter is divided in 4 pieces, the ten dollar bill in 5 pieces, and the $20 bill in 10 pieces.
When you're doing something that requires concentration, your brain has to work harder to keep you focused. When you're not doing anything else, it's easier for your brain to get distracted and fall asleep.
I think it's because your body is trying to get rid of excess lactic acid in your muscles. 

Lactic acid is a byproduct of your body's metabolism.  When you work out, your body releases a lot of it.  It's a waste product of the process of producing energy.  Your body uses it as a source of energy to keep you going.

When you're not working out, you're using your muscles to make more energy, so your body doesn't want to release as much of it as it does when you're working out.  This is why you
A dogfight is a close air battle between fighter aircraft, conducted at close range. 

The term is derived from the word "dogfight".

It's an old English word meaning "fight" or "fight".
I don't know about you, but I think it has to do with the fact that when you're drawing, your brain is trying to make sense of the world around you. 

When you are drawing, you're trying to figure out what you are trying to draw.  You're not consciously trying to create a picture, but you're subconsciously trying to find a way to express yourself.  When you draw, you are using your brain to make a picture.  Your brain is telling you what you want to draw, but your brain isn't telling you how to do it.
Alcohol is not toxic to bacteria, it is toxic to the bacteria that live in your body.

Bacteria are able to become immune to it because they have proteins that bind to it. 

Alcohol, on the other hand, binds to the proteins that make up your body's membranes, and binds to them in such a way that they can no longer bind to them. 


Bacterial membranes are made up of proteins that are made of molecules called proteins called proteins.  These proteins have a certain amount of water in them, and when they are exposed to alcohol, they start to
Medicare Part D and why Democrats criticized Bush for it was because it was overly complex. 

Bush wanted to expand Medicaid, which is a program that provides health insurance for low-income people.  It was a way for states to get money to pay for health care for people who otherwise wouldn't be able to get it.

The problem was that it was too complicated, and the states didn't want to expand it, so Bush decided to cut it.
Warm fronts are when warm air has displaced colder air. Cold fronts are caused when cold air masses, usually moving equatorward from the polar region high pressure zones, interact with warm moist air of low pressure systems.
The UN Security Council is not a military body, it is a political body. 

The UN is a collection of countries, and the Security Council has veto power over any action they want to take.

Russia and China are the two permanent members of the UN security council, so they can veto any action that they don't like.
Sound is a wave. 

Hills and valleys represent the direction of sound propagation.

Sound waves travel in a straight line.  If you look at it from the side, you can see that the sound waves are traveling along the down-valley axis, but if you look from the front, you will see that they are traveling in a curved path.
It's not something you can be conditioned to. 

The amygdala is a part of the brain that tells your brain that you are in danger.  When you are scared, your brain sends signals to other parts of your brain telling you to run, hide, or fight.  This is called "fight or flight".

When you are not in danger, the amygdala is telling your brain to stay put.  If you're in a situation where you are being chased by a predator, your amygdala will tell you to stay still and wait for the predator to go away.

If you are running
Stress is a state of mind.  It's not just a subjective experience, it's a physical state of being.  When you are stressed, your body is trying to get rid of chemicals in your blood that cause you to feel bad.  Your body releases hormones that make you feel better.  These hormones are called endorphins.

Stress causes your body to release a hormone called cortisol, which is the hormone that makes you feel good.  This hormone is released by your body because your body needs it to keep you alive.  If your body doesn't have enough of it, you
Internet Explorer has been around for a very long time. 

It's been around since the 90s, and has been the default browser for a long time now.

The reason it's been so bad is because it's so old, and because it has been used by so many people for so long.  It's also been around because it was the first browser to support HTML5.  HTML5 is a set of standards that most of the other browsers are using, but Internet Explorer doesn't support it.  This means that if you want to use HTML5, you have to use Internet
When you're asleep, your brain sends a signal to your muscles telling them to relax. When they do, your muscles relax, and your brain interprets that as a sign that you're falling asleep.
Defragmentation is the process of reducing the surface area of a material.

Think of it like this:

Imagine you have a piece of paper with a thin layer of wax on top of it. You can't see it, but you can feel it. When you push on the paper, you're pushing on the wax layer, and you feel it move around. 

When you push harder on the sheet, the wax gets pushed away from the edges of the paper. This is called "defragmentation".

If you push hard enough on the edges, you'll feel the wax
Movies are made to be watched by millions of people.  TV shows are made for a small number of people who watch them.

Movies aren't made for the same reason.  They're made to appeal to a smaller audience.  If you watch a 10-hour movie, you'll see the same amount of people watching it as you would watching a 10 hour TV show.  It's a lot easier to get people to watch 10 hours of TV than a 2 hour movie.
It's not that they're going so fast, it's that the atmosphere is so compressed that the air around them is being compressed by the weight of the meteorite. 

Think of it like this:

Imagine you're standing in front of a wall of water.  The water molecules are all moving at the same speed, but the air molecules are moving at different speeds.  When the water molecules collide with each other, they collide with the air, and the pressure of the air compresses them, causing them to move faster.  This causes them to accelerate.

Now imagine you're
"Aww" is a response to something cute. 

It's just a way of saying "I love it" or "I think it's cute" or whatever.
Your immune system is constantly working. It's not a sign of your immune system falling apart because of cancer/some other serious disease, it's a sign that your body isn't getting enough oxygen.
Hollywood and Beverly Hills are part of the city of Los Angeles, but they're not part of it. 

Hollywood is in Los Angeles County, which is the county seat of the state of California.

Beverly Hills is in the city, but it's part of LA.
I'm not an expert on this, but I'll try to do my best to answer your questions. 

_URL_0_

1. [ELI5: Why was Victoria fired? ](_URL_1_)
Because they are easier to drive and easier to store. 

They also have a higher center of gravity than a round container, which makes them more difficult to drive.
It's not an actual thing. It's just a myth. 

It's just something that happens when you drink a lot of alcohol.

Alcohol is a depressant. It causes your liver to stop working properly, which causes your testicles to atrophy, which leads to erectile dysfunction.
Down syndrome is caused by a mutation in the genes that control how much protein is produced in the cells. The extra chromosome causes the cells to produce too much protein, which causes them to not be able to divide properly.
I think it's because it's the upside down version of "9". 

_URL_0_
Nuclear energy is a reaction between two atoms. 

One of the things that happens is that the electrons in the nucleus of the atom get knocked out of the nucleus.  This causes the nucleus to become ionized.  When the nucleus is ionized, the electrons are stripped out of it, and the nucleus has a net positive charge.  If you have a nucleus with a negative charge, it will have a net negative charge.

If you have an atom with a positive charge, the nucleus will have an electron that is knocked out, and it will become an ion.  The electrons will
The word "nuts" is derived from the English word "nutmeg" which means "testicles" or "testicle". 

The English word nutmeg is a spice that is used to spice up butter, which is a common ingredient in the English language.  The English word for nutmeg comes from the Middle English "nutmeg" meaning "to put on".

It's possible that nutmeg was used as a euphemism for "crazy" because it's a common spice in England.
It's not that the food takes 24-48 hours to digest properly, it's that the digestive tract is full of enzymes that break down the food. 

When you eat, you're digesting a lot of food, and your digestive tract has a lot to do with it.

Your body is also digesting the food, which is why it takes so long to digest it.
Time is an idea. It is not a physical concept. 

It is a concept.

We don't know what time is, but we do know that it exists. We can measure time by looking at the speed of light, and we can measure how long it takes for a photon of light to travel from one point to another. We also know that time is a measure of distance, and that distance is measured by the distance between two points.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm going to assume it's because it's not a question that would be answered in the first hit when typed directly into Google.
I think it has to do with the way the brain works. 

The brain is divided into two parts, the medial temporal lobes and the occipital lobe.  The medial temporal lobe is responsible for storing long-term memories.  It's the part of the brain responsible for creating new memories and storing them in the long term memory.

When you have amnesia, you lose the ability to form new memories, so you can't form new ones.  This is why people with severe amnesia can't remember how to speak.
It's called a salivary calculus. Saliva is made up of a bunch of proteins called glycoproteins. 

When you eat, your saliva is broken down by your digestive tract, and some of it ends up in your saliva gland.

If you have a sialolithiasis, it's caused by a blockage in one of the submandibular ducts, which is the ducts that carry your saliva out of your mouth.
It's because when you record video at 24 frames per second, the camera is recording at 24-frames per second.  

When you record at 30-frames-per-second, the film is moving at 30 times per second and the computer has to keep track of how fast it is moving.  If you're recording at 30fps, the computer can calculate how fast you are moving, but if it's running at 24fps, it can't do that.  It has to figure out how fast the video is moving, and if it doesn't know, it has to guess.
It's called fractional charge.

It's a property of the quarks that they have a higher electric charge than the antiquarks. 

Think of it like this:

A quark has a higher electrical charge than an electron, but an electron has a lower electric charge.
If you fainted during sleep, you wouldn't know.

If you passed out, you'd wake up in the hospital.
Your brain doesn't like to store long-term memories in the short-term. It wants them to be stored in the long term. 

When you dream, your brain is trying to remember what happened the night before, but it doesn't know how to do it, so it can't.

It's like when you wake up in the middle of the night and your brain can't remember what you ate for breakfast.
The lift is a combination of two things.

1. The first is gravity. 

The center of gravity is the center of mass of your body.  When you lift a weight, your body is pulling on the bar.  This pulls the bar towards your body, which causes the bar to push against your torso, which pushes the weight upward.  
2. The second part of the lift is the "jerk" part.  The bar pushes against your body in the same way that you push against the bar, but the bar is pulling against your back instead of your front.
We could, but it would take a lot of time and resources to terraform the moon.

First, we would need to find a way to get to the moon, and then we would have to build a base there. 

There are a few ways to do this, but the easiest way would be to use the moon's regolith as a base.  The moon is covered in a layer of regolith, which is the same stuff you would find on Earth.  You could use the regolith to make a base, or you could use it as a building material.
When you blow, you're blowing air out of your mouth. 

When you whistle, you are blowing air into your mouth, and blowing it back out through your nose.

Your mouth is filled with air, and when you blow it out, it pushes the air back in through your nostrils, which causes the air in your mouth to expand and contract, which makes the sound you hear.
Microwaves don't destroy a gigantic amount of food nutrients, proteins, vitamins and so on.

Microwave radiation is non-ionizing, meaning that it doesn't cause any harm to your body. 

However, it does damage the outer layer of the food, which is why it's called a "dielectric" layer.  This is the layer that absorbs the microwaves, and it's the one that absorbs most of the energy.
Sound waves are made up of a bunch of different waves. 

The louder the sound, the more energy it takes to travel through the air, the louder it is.

When a sound is so loud it blocks out all other sounds, what is going on with the sound waves? Are the louder sound's waves destroying, absorbing or adding to the other sounds?

They are both absorbing and adding to each other.
I think it's because the game is trying to save something.  It's not trying to close the game, it's trying to load a file.  When the game crashes, it doesn't want to save that file, it wants to save the data.  So it tries to load the file, but it can't.

It's also possible that the game has some sort of bug in it that prevents it from saving the data, so if you try to close it, it won't.
Franco and Salazar were not fascist. They were authoritarian, but they were not fascists.

Franco was a dictator, but he was not a fascist like Mussolini or Hitler. Salazar's regime was not fascist, but it was a dictatorship.
The word "debunk" comes from "bunkum", meaning "to prove" or "to disprove".

"Bunkum" is a noun, and "enbunk" is an adjective.
Smoke is made up of tiny droplets of water droplets. 

When a fire is burning, the air around the fire is being heated by the heat of the fire, and the droplets get trapped in the air.  When the fire stops burning, they are released into the air, which is then blown away by the wind.
If you want to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first create the universe. 

If you don't, then you can't.
Eating is about more than just the food itself. It's about the anticipation of it. 

When you are hungry, your brain is telling your body that you need to eat, and your body is telling you that you should eat, so you do.

But when you're not hungry, it's telling your brain that you're full, so your body tells you to eat.
I think it's because the rain on the roof lulls you to sleep.

It's like a lullaby.
It's not safe/sanitary to wash cast iron cookware. 

It's safe/ sanitary to use soap and water to clean it, but not to wash it after use.
I have blue eyes. I'm not sure why, but I think it has something to do with the color of the iris. 

The iris is the part of your eye that reflects light.  It's a very important part of the eye.  If you have a blue eye, it's because your iris has a lot of pigments in it.  The iris absorbs light and reflects it back to your brain.  This is why you can see blue light.

If you have brown eyes, your brain doesn't get the same amount of light reflected back to the ir
Your credit score is based on a number of things. 

1. How long you have had credit, how much you owe, how long you've had it, and how many times you have used it.

2. How many times have you tried to open a new credit card, and if so, how many have you used it and how long it has been open. 


3. How much money you owe and how much time you have to pay it back.


4. How often do you pay your bills on time.  If you don't pay them on time,
It feels good to scratch. 

Scratching is a reflex to remove foreign objects from your skin.  When you scratch your skin, you are removing the foreign object.  It's like when you scratch a sore, you're removing a foreign object from your body.
We don't have a good defense system for asteroids/meteors that might threaten us, but we do have a very good system for detecting them. 

We can detect them by looking at the sky at night, and using telescopes.

The problem is that we don't know enough about them to be able to detect them well enough to prevent them from hitting us.
They don't. 

They have a special breathing apparatus that allows them to hold their breath underwater for long periods of time.  It's called a breath-hold.  They use it to keep their blood pressure up so they don't suffocate.

When they exhale, they have to exhale slowly to avoid the formation of bubbles that can cause them to collapse.
A patent on a medical device does not protect the use of the device, it protects the right of the manufacturer to use the device. 

A patent is not a patent on the device itself, it is a patent that says that the manufacturer can't use it without permission of the inventor.

If you want to patent something, you have to prove that the device has a specific utility.  If you don't have a patent, you can't patent it.
I think it's because the person who flipped you off didn't expect you to do it. 

It's a way of saying "I'm not mad at you, but I don't want to talk to you."
We say "pair of pants/jeans/shorts" when talking about one item of clothing when they are clearly not multiples?
The chameleon wouldn't be able to change its shape.  It would just stay the same.  If you put it on a mirror, it would be the same color as the mirror.
It's called petrichor. It's an oil that is produced by certain plants. When it rains, the oil is absorbed by the soil and then released into the air, where it is carried by bacteria and viruses from the soil.
When you hold your breath for a long period of time, your lungs are full of CO2. When you exhale, you are exhaling CO2, and your body is trying to get rid of it. 

When you take a deep breath, you're exhaling a lot more CO2 than if you're holding your breath with your lungs empty.
Fog is made up of water droplets suspended in the air.  When you look at it from the ground, you can't see the droplets because they are so far away.  If you look up into the air above you, you see them, but if you look down into the fog, you don't see them at all.
It depends on a lot of things. 

1. Your social nature.

2. Your ability to communicate with others

3. The ability to learn and adapt to new situations

4. Your intelligence

5. How much of your social nature do you have?

I don't know about you, but I'm not sure I can answer this one. I don't think it's a question that can be answered with a simple answer, but it's an interesting one. 


_URL_0_

The short answer is that we don't really know
A coma is a state of unconsciousness in which the brain is not functioning normally. 

A person in a coma is not conscious, they do not respond normally to painful stimuli, light, sound, lacks a normal sleep-wake cycle and does not initiate voluntary actions.
The housing market has been in a bubble for a long time. 

In the past, there was a lot of speculation in the housing market, and it caused prices to rise.

Now, there is a lot more supply of homes than demand, so there is less demand for homes, and so prices are rising. 

 >  Why do home prices keep rising?

Because people are willing to pay more for a house than they can afford.
When you rub your eyes/put pressure on your eyes, you are stimulating the optic nerve in the back of your eye, which sends electrical signals to the brain. The brain interprets these signals as electrical signals and interprets them as electrical impulses.
Because we know that we can't travel to them due to the distance.

We know that they are too far away for us to travel to, but we don't know enough about them to know what they are.
Groupon is a deal website that sells coupons for a variety of goods and services.

The idea is that when you buy a Groupon, you get a coupon for a deal at a local business, and when you go to the business, you pay them back with a coupon. 

This is called "Groupon bucks" and it's basically a way for you to get a discount on a product or service from the business. 


For example:

1. You go to a local store, and you buy something from them

2. When you go back to the store
The First Amendment prohibits the government from promoting or demoting any religion. 

The "God Bless America" thing is just a way for the government to say "hey, we're here to help you".
Alzheimer's/Dementia is not a lie detector, it's a memory test. 

If a person with Alzheimer's or Dementia were to take the lie detector test, they would be able to tell if they were lying or not.

The lie detector would be used to determine if the person is capable of telling the truth or not, or if they are lying.  If they were able to do this, it would show that they are not capable of lying.
They were discovered by observing the shape of the arteries and veins. 

It's not that they were discovered if they're so small, it's that they're not so small that you can't see them.

When you look at a picture of a blood vessel, you can see the shape and size of the veins and arteries, and you can also see how they are connected to each other.
HIV is a genetic disease. If you are HIV positive, you have a 50% chance of having a child who is HIV negative. 

If you are not HIV negative, you do not have that 50%.
It's not a bad idea to shift into reverse when you're coasting forward, but it's not the best time to do it. 

When you're in neutral, the transmission is trying to keep the car in the same RPM range as the engine.  When you shift into a higher gear, it's trying to match the engine speed with the engine RPMs.  If you do it while coasting, you're not doing it right, and the engine will try to get out of sync with the car's RPMs, so you'll end up with a car that's going too fast.
It depends on who you're talking about. 

Saudi Arabia has a lot of interests in the Middle East.  They are the biggest oil producer in the world, and they are also the biggest military power in the region.  Saudi Arabia is also the largest oil exporter to the U.S.

Iran is the second largest oil producer, after Saudi Arabia.  Iran is also one of the biggest nuclear powers, and is a major regional power.  It is also a major military power, and has been for a long time.
There is no limit to how smart/dumb a person can be. 

There is a limit to the amount of time it takes for a person to learn something new, but that limit is determined by how long it takes them to learn it.

If you are smart enough, you can learn something quickly, but if you are dumb enough, it takes a long time for you to learn.
It's not that the US has a problem with opiates, it's that we have an over-reliance on them.

The US is a very large country with a large number of doctors, a large population, and a large amount of money. Opioids are very expensive to produce and distribute, so it's not uncommon for doctors to over-prescribe them.
Dinosaurs are herbivores. They eat a lot of plant matter. 

The Brontosaurus and Paraceratherium were not omnivores, they were sauropodomorphs, which means that they ate a lot more plant matter than any other animal on Earth.

They were also very large because they lived in semi-arid, dry environments, and were able to eat large amounts of low-nutrient browse, which would have been very difficult for them to digest. 

 >  How did they become so large on a strictly herbivore diet?

Because
Pain is a chemical reaction in the brain. 

When you are in pain, your brain is telling your body to move away from the source of the pain.  This is called nociception.  It's a reflex that your body uses to move the affected part of your body away from a noxious stimulus.

If you're in a lot of pain, the brain will send signals to your body telling it to move.  Your body will do this, but your brain will not.  If you're not careful, you can end up in a situation where your body can't move
Yes, you would still be you, but you'd be a different person than you are now. 

If you were to have a child with another sperm, it wouldn't be the same person as you are today.

You wouldn't have the same DNA as you did when you were a baby, you'd have a different set of chromosomes than you do now.
It's called the photic sneeze reflex. It's caused by a nerve in your nose that gets crossed with the trigeminal nerve (the nerve that tells your brain when you're sneezing) and causes it to fire.
It's called conjunctivitis. It's caused by inflammation of the meibomian glands in your eyelids. When you wake up, your eyes are dry, and your tears are not being able to evaporate as they normally do when you're asleep, so they get trapped in the tarsal plates of your eyelid. This causes them to stick together and form a crust.

_URL_0_
Air traffic control towers are built to handle a large number of aircraft at a time. 

The tower is located in a very busy area with a lot of traffic, so they have to be able to handle it.

They also have to keep the air traffic under control at all times.
I think it's because your router is using the same frequency as your phone.  If you change your router's "location" in it's settings to United States, your phone will be able to use that frequency.  

If you change it's "country" settings to Europe, it will use a different frequency.
It's because the light from the sun is split up into different colors.

When you stare at a bright light, your eyes absorb the light and convert it into two different colors, red and blue. 

Your brain interprets that as green, and interprets it as a green spot.
When you turn the fan on, you are moving the air.  When you turn off the fan, you're not moving it.  You're turning it on and off at the same time.
I think it's because it's easier to cook a steak in the oven than on the grill.

When you sear a steak, you're cooking it at a very high temperature, which means it's getting a lot of the moisture out of the meat. When you cook it in the grill, the meat is still moist, so it doesn't get as much moisture out as it would if it were cooked in the pan. 

In the oven, the moisture in the meat will evaporate, which is why it's best to let it rest for a few minutes.
It's because the petals of the rose are not as round as they should be. The petals are shaped like a cone, and when they touch the ground, they get stuck to the ground. 

The reason they have prickles is because they are used by insects to eat the pollen from the flowers.
A consortium agreement is an agreement between a university and a university in another country. 

For example, if you go to the University of California, Berkeley, and you want to get a degree in computer science, you need to take a course at a University in the United States.

So, if they want you to get that degree, they will pay for you to take the course at the University in California, and they will also pay for your tuition and other expenses.

 >  What does a consortium agreement do regarding studying abroad?

It allows you to study in a country where you are
It's not a federal holiday, it's a state holiday. 

The first amendment prohibits the government from interfering with the free exercise of religion.
It depends on the drug. 

For example, if you're talking about anti-depressants, they can be tested by measuring the concentration of the drug in the blood.  If the concentration is too high, the drug will make you feel sick, and if it's too low, you will feel sick. 


For anti-anxiety drugs, they test the concentration in the urine of the patient, and see if they can detect any side effects.

If they can't find any, they will use a test called a pharmacogenetic test, which measures the amount of the
Hypocrisy is when you hold two conflicting beliefs. 

Cognitive Dissonance is when your beliefs are inconsistent with your actions.
Dogs and cats share a lot of common traits. 

Dogs have been domesticated by humans for many thousands of years, and have been bred to do many different things.  They have evolved to be friendly, loyal, loyal to their owners, friendly to other dogs, and friendly to cats.

Cats, on the other hand, have not been bred by humans to be as friendly and loyal to humans as dogs have been.  So they have been selectively bred to look the same to humans.  This is why there are so many different breeds of cats.
Humidity is caused by water evaporating from the air. 

Humidifiers and dehumidifiers don't work both directions.  They work in the opposite direction.

You can reverse the way in which moisture is moved around, but it would require a lot of work.
Chrome and Youtube are Google products. They are part of the Google ecosystem. 

The Apple App Store has access to things like Google Chrome and Youtube, but the Google Play Store doesn't have access to iTunes.
You can take a bullet for your country at 18, but you can't have a drink at 18.
A googolplex is a very large number. 

It's about 10^10,000,000.

If you write it out in standard notation, it would take up a lot more space than there is in the known universe.
It's not that salt makes your food taste better, it's that it makes your taste buds more sensitive to the salt in your food. 

When you eat salty food, you're tasting the salt because it's in the food, not the salt itself.

If you're not salting your food, then you're missing out on a lot of the nutrients that make it taste good.
They're called "unmanned aerial vehicles" and "drones" because that's what they are. 

The term "drone" was originally used to refer to the early remotely-flown target aircraft used for practice firing of a battleship's guns, and the term "remotely-controlled aircraft" was used to describe the early planes used by the US military.

They're also called "quadcopters" because they're small and easy to operate, and because they can be used for a variety of purposes.
They are self-inflating.  They are made of carbon dioxide, which reacts with water pressure when submerged.  When you exhale, the water pressure causes the CO2 in the vest to expand.
When you're falling, your brain is telling your body that you're going to fall, even though you're not actually falling. It's called the "falling sensation" and it's caused by your brain telling your brain that you are falling.
Alcohol is bad for you. It can cause liver damage, liver cirrhosis, liver cancer, liver failure, etc.

It's also bad for your brain. When you drink alcohol, your brain is still maturing, so it can't process the effects of alcohol as well as it can with other drugs.
Humans are territorial and are hostile to outsiders. 

In fact, we are the dominant species in the world.  We have been around for thousands of years and have been able to dominate and dominate other species.  This is why we are able to survive and reproduce so well.  It's also why we have such a strong sense of pride in our own race.
It's not a separate question from your race, it's a separate category. 

If you're Hispanic/Latino, you're a Hispanic, and if you're white/white, you are a white.
Fantasy Football is a game of fantasy football. 

You pick a team, and the other teams pick a player.  The player with the most fantasy points is the one with the highest average fantasy points.  If the other team has more fantasy points, they are the team with the higher average points.

When the game is over, you look at how many fantasy points each player has.  You can see how many points they have, and if they have more, they get more.  This is how you determine who wins.  For example, if you have 10 fantasy points for a
If all of the satellites orbiting earth went down simultaneously, what immediate effects would it have on our lives?
The catch is that you have to pay a monthly fee for the service. 

It's not that they don't want you to use it, it's that they want to get you to pay for it.
An absolute monarch is a person of royal descent who has inherited the position of head of state in accordance with accepted tradition.

A dictator is someone who has usurped the power of the monarchy and has used it to impose their own personal agenda on the people.
Our bodies can't run entirely off of stored fat. 

Our bodies are made up of a bunch of cells called adipose tissue.  When you eat, your body breaks down the fat into glucose, which your body uses as energy.

When you don't eat enough, the body stores the excess glucose as fat.
When you plug your phone into the charger, your phone is using a circuit called a capacitive charging circuit. 

When the phone is plugged in, it's using capacitance to charge the battery.  When you unplug it, the circuit shuts off, and the battery starts to self-discharge.
The hardware itself can't be compromised the way software can.

The hardware is designed to be tamper-resistant.  It's built into the hardware to prevent you from modifying it in any way.  

But software is built to be able to do the same thing.  If you want to modify the hardware itself, you have to reverse engineer it.  You have to find a way to make it so that it can't do what you want it to do.  This is called "tamper resistance".

It's not so much that the hardware is tamper resistant as
Dogs do understand their names, but they don't know what they mean. 

They know that "come here" and "look at me" are commands, but it's not a command that they understand.

It's just a way for them to show that they want to be near you.
Hot peppers have a lot of capsaicin in them. Capsaicin is the chemical that makes them spicy. When you dry them, you remove the pith, which is what gives them their spiciness.
The fuze is attached to the bomb. When the bomb detonates, it ignites the fuze, which causes the fuse to detonate.

The fuse is a piece of metal that is connected to an electrical circuit. When it is triggered, the fuse is released, and the bomb explodes.
Barter is a very old way of doing things. 

When we first started farming, we didn't have money.  We didn't even know how to make money.

We didn't know how we were going to pay for our food, or how to sell our goods, or even how to exchange goods.  So we started using barter.  It was a way of getting things we needed, and it was very efficient.  The first barter system was based on the idea that if you had a cow, you could sell it for a cow.  You could sell a cow
Torque is the amount of force that the engine can exert on the ground. 

Think of it like this:

If you have a car, and you want to turn a wheel, you can do it by pushing on it with your hands.  But if you push on the wheel with your feet, you're exerting a force on it.

So, if you're pushing on the car, you are exerting torque.  If you're pulling on the wheels, the car is exerting force on your feet.  So, you need to exert torque to turn the wheel.
I think it has to do with the fact that the litter box is a safe place for them to go to when they are not being chased by other cats. If they don't have a place to go, they can't.
Car Maggoton is a term used to refer to a piece of paper that has been glued together by someone with a screwdriver. 

It's kind of like a jigsaw puzzle, but with a car.
Boil and then immediately turn down the heat. 

When you boil water, you're increasing the temperature of the water in the pot.  The higher the temperature, the higher the pressure.  When you lower the pressure, the more pressure the water will be able to hold.  This means that the water is able to boil faster, which means that it will cook faster.
Depends on the country. 

In the US, it's usually in the form of cash.  If it's in a bank account, the cash is usually sent to the US Treasury, which then sends it to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, which in turn sends it back to the bank in the US.

If it's not in the bank, then it's sent to a safe deposit box, where it's stored in a vault until it's ready to be sent back out to the public.
It's not a different number, it's just that the hour is divided into 60 minutes, with each minute composed of 60 seconds.
Cults are usually run by a group of people who are desperate to get people to join them. 

It's not uncommon for people to be persuaded to join a cult by a charismatic leader, but it's also common for them to have a lot of money to pay for it.
I think it has to do with the fact that when you press the Shift key, you are changing the character input key, not the key itself.

When you press Shift, you're changing the key, but you're also changing the input key. 

You can't change the key by pressing Shift and then press the Alt key at the same time, so you have to press Shift and Alt together.
The 'i' is capitalized when by itself (as a word), but not when it's used as a pronoun. 

It's the same reason that the 'e' is pronounced as 'e'.
Your computer has a lot of processing power, and when you change the resolution, you're increasing the amount of work your CPU has to do. 

When you're using a 1080p monitor, your computer is using a lot more RAM than it needs, so it's going to have to do more work to render the same image at the same resolution.

If you want to make your computer run at 1080p, you need to make sure that your graphics card is capable of rendering at that resolution, and that it has the right amount of RAM to do so.  
 
If your
We can cut off plastic waste at the source, but we can't cut off all of it. 

The problem is that we don't know where the plastic is coming from.

We know where it's coming from because we can see it from the ground, but not where it is going to go. 


We don't have a way to measure the amount of plastic that is in the air, so it's hard to know exactly how much is there.
When you are in an intense situation, your body releases adrenaline. Adrenaline is a hormone that increases blood flow to your muscles, which increases your heart rate and blood pressure. This increases the rate at which your muscles contract, making it easier for you to breathe.

When you're in a fight, your heart is pumping blood to your head, which makes it harder for your muscles to contract. This causes you to raise your head and open your mouth, which causes your lungs to expand. This allows you to make more sound, which is why you can make a louder sound when you're angry or scared.
Yes, it is possible, but it would require a massive binary object to be "suspended" between a set of massive binary objects in space.
The transfer window is the time when clubs can sell players to other clubs for a certain amount of money. 

For example, if a player is out of contract with a club, they can be sold to another club at a certain price.

In the case of a player who is currently playing for a club in the Premier League, the club can sell the player to another Premier League club for a set fee. This is done by first offering the footballer for sale at a chosen price, from which interested clubs would then place offers that the player could choose to accept or not. If the player chooses to
Because it's cheaper to have metal plates and metal cutlery than plastic.
Yes, it is possible to take down all DNS servers. 

However, it would take a very long time, and it would require a lot of money to do so.

DNS is a very complex system.  It's not a single server, it's a network of thousands of servers, each with their own set of IP addresses.  Each one of those IP addresses is assigned to a different computer, and each one of them has its own unique IP address.  If all of them were taken down, the network would have to re-assign all of its IP addresses, and
I'm not sure what you're talking about. 

The Ku Klux Klan is not a 501(c)(3) organization.  They are a group of white supremacists, not a political party.
The sensor in your camera is sensitive to a wide range of wavelengths of light. 

When you take a picture, you're using a lens that can take in light from a lot of different sources.  It's not just the sensor that's sensitive, it's also the lens.  If you're taking a picture in a dark room, the lens is not sensitive enough to take in all the light that's coming from the room, so it's not able to capture the detail you're looking for.

If you're trying to take a photo in a bright room, you need to use a
Cable and internet providers don't have the infrastructure to build their own networks. 

AT & T and Verizon do.

Cable companies have to pay the cable company for access to their infrastructure.  They don't want to have to compete with them.
Dogs, cats, and other domesticated animals have been domesticated by humans for many different reasons. 

1. They have been bred for food.

2. They need to be able to live in close proximity to humans and have a good sense of smell

3. They don't have to be afraid of humans

4. They can be kept in captivity

5. They are easy to care for

6. They're easy to train

7. They aren't afraid of other animals

8. They do not have to have a natural fear of humans
I don't know about you, but I'm not sure I can answer your question. 

If you're asking why you have your consciousness, it's because you were born in this particular body.

You're not the first person to be born with consciousness, but you are the first to have it.
Methamphetamine is an amphetamine. It's a stimulant, which means that it increases the amount of monoamines in your body. These monoamines are the ones that make you feel high.

When you take crystal meth, your brain is flooded with monoamines, which are the same ones that cause you to feel high when you take amphetamine, but your body doesn't have time to process them, so you get a high. 

This is why it's so addicting. When you're high, you feel euphoric, but when you stop taking it, you start to feel like
I'm not an expert on politics, but I'll try my best to explain it.

In the first season of House of Cards, the President (Francis Underwood) is the President of the United States of America. He is the leader of the Democratic Party, and he is a member of the House of Representatives. In the second season, he is running for President. 

He is running against Senator Claire Foy (Robin Wright), who is the Democratic candidate for the Senate, and she is running as a Republican. 


In order to get elected, he needs to win the
Aspirin is an anti-inflammatory drug. Ibuprofen is a non-aspirin. 

Paracetamol is an analgesic.

Tylenol is a pain reliever. 


Aspirins work by inhibiting COX-1, which is the enzyme that breaks down proteins in the blood.  It is the same enzyme that makes aspirin, but it has a different mechanism of action.
Antibiotics are used to treat a variety of bacterial infections. 

The problem is that many of these infections are caused by bacteria that have developed resistance to the drugs that are prescribed to treat them.

For example, Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) is resistant to penicillin, which is the most common type of antibiotic used in the United States. The reason this is happening is because of the overuse of antibiotics.
The treble is the lowest note of the scale. 

The bass is the highest note in the scale, and it is the one you hear when you hear the bass.  It's the one that you hear in the bass when you're listening to it.  The bass vibrates in the same way that the treble vibrates, but the bass vibrate at a higher frequency.  This means that the bass is vibrating at a lower frequency, and the higher the frequency, the more it vibrates.  When you listen to the bass, you can hear it vibrating in the tre
It's called a striae gravidarum, and it's caused when the skin is stretched. It can be anywhere on the body, but it's most common in places where larger amounts of fat and/or muscle are stored.
iOS has a huge market share of the smart phone market.  

Android has a very small market share.  It's not even close to the market share that Apple has.
They are not protesting for the right to free speech, they are protesting for freedom of speech. 

They are protesting because they believe that the government is not doing enough to protect the rights of the people.
Microwaves travel at the speed of light. 

If you're talking about microwaves, they travel at about the same speed as sound, but the frequency of the microwave is inversely proportional to wavelength, the wavelength of the wave.

So if you are talking about a microwave, the frequency is the same as the wavelength, but your microwave is traveling at a different frequency.  If you want to know how long it takes for a hot pocket to cook, you have to multiply the frequency by the distance between the two microwaves.
It's called a [LRA](_URL_0_). 

Basically, it's a circuit that connects a coil of wire to an actuator.  The actuator is connected to an electrical current, which causes the cell phone to vibrate.
Helium has a higher density than air, which causes it to vibrate more strongly in your vocal cords. 

Helium also has a lower molar mass, which makes it more difficult for sound to travel through your vocal chords.
I'm not sure, but I think it has to do with the fact that Tumblr is a microblogging platform. 

_URL_0_
The National Security Council is the executive branch of the US government, and the UN is the UN. 

The UN is a UN body, but it is not the sole authority to impose sanctions on other nations.  The Security Council has the authority to do so, but the UN does not have the power to enforce them.

There is a group called the [International Sanctions Enforcement Group](_URL_0_), which is a joint task force of the UN Security Council, the UN Economic and Monetary Council (IMEC), and the [Economic and Monetary Policy Council (EMPC).
Piracy is not a new problem.  It's been going on for hundreds of years.  The problem is that it's not as well understood as it used to be.  In the past, pirates would hijack ships and use them as a way to transport goods to and from other countries.

Nowadays, it's more of a business.  There's a lot of money to be made out of it.  Shipping companies have to pay more money to the pirates to keep their ships in the area.  They have to hire more ships to protect them.  And they have to spend more
Mockery is the act of making fun of a person or thing. 

An echo is the sound of someone repeating something you say.
Aloe Vera is a plant that contains a chemical called DHA (dihydroxyalkanoic acid), which is a fatty acid. 

DHA is the same fatty acid that is used to moisturize your skin, but it is also an antioxidant, meaning that it binds to the sun's UV rays, which causes them to burn.

When you burn, your skin is covered in a layer of fat called the epidermis, which is the outer layer of your skin.  When you apply aloe vera, you are applying DHA to this layer of skin, and it
It's because Finland and Estonia are part of the Schengen area, which allows for free trade between the EU and non-EU countries. 

Estonia is a member of the EU, Finland is not, so they don't have to go through customs.
I think it's because it's a fantasy. 

Piracy is a story about a group of people who are out to make a name for themselves.

It's also a story of adventure, adventure, and adventure.  It's a story that kids can relate to.  They can imagine themselves on a pirate ship, and they can imagine what it's like to be a pirate.
Internet Explorer has been around for a long time. 

It is the default browser for Windows.  It is also the default web browser for Mac OS X.

The reason it is so popular is because it is the only browser that is built into the operating system.  The other major browsers (Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Opera, Opera) are all built on top of it.  This means that they can do a lot of things that Internet Explorer can't do.  For example, they can read HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.  They can also do things that other browsers can
It depends on the type of operation. 

For example, if you are talking about the Battle of the Somme, there are two different types of battles.

One is called a "Battle of the River" and the other is called "The First Battle of Bull Run".

In the case of the first battle, it's because it was the first major battle of the Civil War, and it was fought in the middle of the night.  The second battle is called the "First Battle of Gettysburg", because it took place in the early morning hours of the morning of the second day
It depends on the speed of the train. If you're in the front, you're going to be hit by the train, but if you're on the back, you'll get hit by it.

If you're sitting in the back of the car, you won't be hit, but you'll be hit a lot more.
The winter solstice is the shortest day of the year in the Northern Hemisphere, and the summer solstice in the Southern Hemisphere, the day with the fewest daylight hours (excluding polar regions in both cases).

The reason it doesn't sync with the new year is because it's a cultural thing. In the northern hemisphere, we use the Julian calendar, while the southern hemisphere uses the Gregorian calendar. 

In the past, the solstice was considered to be the beginning of winter, and therefore the first day of winter was considered the start of the winter season.

However, in the
Dissonance is when a note is dissonant with every other note in the scale. 

For example, if you are playing a chord with a major scale, the major scale is consonant, and the minor scale is an anemonic scale.

But if you're playing a chromatic scale, which is a scale where every note is an equal part of the scale, then you are dissonant.
It's a conspiracy theory. 

Diana was pregnant with Mohamed Fayed's child and was about to get engaged to Dodi Fayed, the son of her summer host, Mohamed Al-Fayed.  Fayed was a wealthy businessman who was a friend of the Prince of Wales.  He was the one who arranged for her to go to the south of France to spend the summer with him and his family.  This was a big deal for the royal family, as it meant that she was going to be getting engaged to the Prince.  The Prince was not happy about this, as he
Your brain is processing the information that you see on the internet. 

When you see something that you dislike, your brain is trying to make sense of it.

If you see a picture of a spider, you're processing it as if it's touching you.  If you see an image of a person that you don't like, it's processing that as if they're touching you, and your brain interprets that as a threat.
The US Census Bureau counts the population of the United States, and then uses that data to draw congressional and state legislative districts. 

States use the census data to determine how many seats each state has, and how many districts they want to keep.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm going to try to explain it as best I can.

When you're at high altitudes, your body is not used to the lack of oxygen. Your body has evolved to be able to survive without oxygen, but when you reach the top of Everest, you are no longer able to do so. 

Your body is used to being able to get oxygen from the air around you, but at high altitude, you're not able to. The air is so thin that you can't get any oxygen from it, and your body can
They don't fly sideways, they fly backwards. 

The reason they fly sideways is because the plane's center of gravity is at the front of the plane, not the rear.  When the plane is in a straight line, the air is pushing the plane forward.  If the plane were to go sideways, it would have to turn to the left, which would require the plane to go backwards.

When the plane turns to the right, it needs to go forward, which means that the plane has to go back to the front.  This means that it has to push the plane sideways.
Torrents and file sharing are a form of peer-to-peer communication.

Torrents are a way for people to connect to each other and share files. 

A torrent is a network of computers that are connected to the internet.  
 
When you connect to one of these computers, it connects to all the other computers on the network.  This is called a swarm.  A swarm is a group of computers all connected to a single computer.  The computer that connects to the swarm is called the "master" or "master node".  The master node is the one
It's a myth that orange juice is the standard for fruit juice in the US, but it's not. 

The reason it's the standard is because it's made with the same ingredients as regular orange juice.  It's not because it tastes better, it's because it has the same amount of vitamins and minerals in it.

It's also because orange juice contains a lot of citric acid, which helps prevent scurvy.
Fiber is expensive. 

It costs a lot of money to build, and it takes a long time to get it up and running.
Somaliland is a part of the country of Somalia. It is part of Somalia, which is a failed state. 

The UN recognizes it as an independent state, but it is not recognized by any country or international organization.
An American company is a limited liability company (LLC) in the sense that they are not owned by a single person, but by a group of people. 

In other words, a corporation is a legal entity that can be owned by anyone, but it is not a sole proprietorship.

If you want to make money in the US, you need to be a corporation.  If you're not a corporation, you can't make money.  You can make money as an individual, but you have to pay taxes on that income.  So, if you're an individual and you're
Grunting increases the volume of air in your lungs, which increases the pressure in your diaphragm. When you take a deep breath, you expand your lungs and increase the pressure inside them. This increases the amount of air you can take in, which makes it easier for you to push more air out of your lungs.
They don't wear all that gear because they are used to it.

They wear it because they have to wear it.
They don't turn 18 until they turn 18. 

They are still considered "juvenile delinquents" and can't be tried as adults.  They can be tried in a juvenile court, but if they are found guilty of a crime, they are sent to a juvenile detention center.
When the air conditioner is on, it uses energy to cool the air inside your house. When it's off, it's using energy to heat the air outside.

When it's on, the air is being cooled by the fan, which uses heat from the inside of your house to heat up the outside air.
I'm not sure how it works, but I think it's a combination of a few things.

1. Reddit has a reputation system. It features a system by which users can rate the quality of submissions and comments. 

2. They have a system where you can vote for upvotes and downvotes based on the number of upvotes you've cast. 


3. They also have an algorithm that determines which posts and comments are the best, and which are the worst.  


4. They use a system called [Rocchio](_URL_0_)
In the United States, the word "hospital" is used to refer to a medical institution.  In the United Kingdom, it is used as a noun.
The washer nut on the toilet flushing handle is not the same as the one on the flapper. 

The flapper is a flapper, and the washer is a washer.
Laptops use lithium ion batteries. 

Laptop batteries are made up of lithium ion cells, which have a certain amount of energy stored in them.  The computer knows how much energy is left in the battery, so it can calculate how long it will last.

The computer also knows when the battery is full, and it can recalibrate the capacity of the battery based on the amount of time it has been in use.
I'm not sure what you mean by downvote/upvote counter.

The counter is a way for you to see how many upvotes and downvotes a comment has received. 

When you downvote a comment, you can see the number of times it was upvoted, and when it was downvoted it shows you how many people voted for it.
It's not that they don't melt, it's that they're built to withstand the heat of the rocket's engines. 

The rocket is made of aluminum, which has a very high melting point.

It's also made of a material that has a high thermal conductivity, which means that it can withstand a lot of heat, but not enough to melt.
Synthetic marijuana is a mixture of THC and other psychoactive compounds. 

THC is the psychoactive part of the plant.  It is a psychoactive compound that makes you feel high.

Spice and K2 are two examples of synthetic marijuana.  They are made by combining THC with other chemicals, such as ethanol, butane, propane, and hexane.  These chemicals are used to extract THC from the leaves of the cannabis plant, which is why they are called "spice" or "K2".

Butane hash oil is another example of a synthetic
The Obama Student Loan Repayment Program is a program that the federal government uses to reduce the interest rates on student loans.  

It's basically a loan forgiveness program.  If you have federal student loans, you can get them forgiven if you pay them off within 10 years.  You don't have to pay interest on them for 10 years, but you do have to make sure that you pay it off within that 10 year period.

If you don't qualify for the program, you have to wait 10 years to be eligible for forgiveness.  This means that if you have a federal student
They remove the bullet and stitch the wound up. 

They also clean the wound and clean the blood out of the wound.
The US government has a lot of money.  

The Federal Reserve creates money by printing money, which is then used to buy bonds.  These bonds are then sold to the general public.  The government then uses that money to pay for things like military spending, infrastructure projects, and other things that the government doesn't have the money to cover.  This is called "public debt".

In the past, the US government was able to pay off its public debt by raising taxes and spending money on things like Social Security, Medicare, and Social Security.  During the Great Depression, the government
It's the biggest damn gun I've ever seen
I think it has to do with the temperature of the food. 

When you eat hot, your taste buds are stimulated by the heat.  When you eat cold, they are not stimulated.
A DDOS attack is a distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack. 

A DDoS attack is when a group of people try to overwhelm a single server by sending a lot of traffic to the server.

Imagine you have a bunch of servers all connected to the internet.  If you want to access a website, you have to connect to all the servers in the world.  You can't do this if you only connect to the servers that are connected to your own network.  So, if you connect to 100 servers, you can only get a few hundred requests per second.
Antidepressants work by inhibiting the production of serotonin, which is the neurotransmitter that makes you feel good. When you take an antidepressant, the drug binds to the serotonin receptors in your brain, which causes you to feel good, but it also binds to serotonin receptors that make you feel bad, which makes you want to commit suicide.
He is the leader of an opposition party in Zimbabwe.  He is a member of the ruling ZANU-PF party.  

He is known as Harambe the Lion.

The reason he is being talked about is because he is a leader of the opposition party, the National People's Party (NPP).  The opposition party is the ruling party of Zimbabwe, and they want to remove President Robert Mugabe from power.  They want him to step down because they think he is corrupt, and he is the only one who can do it.  The NPP has been in power
When you walk, your eyes are used to looking at the world from the perspective of the person in front of you. When the camera is moving as "first person" you're looking at it from the side, so you're seeing the world as if you're in the front of the camera.
Allusions/Metephors/Similes are allusions.

Metaphors/Metonymy/Synecdoche are metaphors. 

Allusion is a literary term that refers to indirect references to any source, including allusions in film or the visual arts.
The Xbox 360 was backwards compatible when it was released in 2007, but the Xbox One was not released until November 2015.

The reason it took so long to get backwards compatible is because the Xbox 360's hardware was not designed to be able to handle the same amount of processing power as the PlayStation 2 and the PlayStation 3. The Xbox One's hardware is designed to handle a lot more processing power than the PS2 and the PS3, so the developers had to write a lot of code to make it work with the new hardware.
Citing an academic article is a very easy way to find information. 

First, you need to find the source.  If you don't know where to find it, you can google it.

If you know where it is, look up the author's name, the date of publication, and the title of the article.  You can also search for the article in a search engine like /r/askreddit.  This will help you find it.
You're not starving to death. 

Your body has a process called catabolism.

Basically, when you eat, your body breaks down the fat in your body and turns it into glucose, which your body uses to fuel your muscles and other parts of your body. Your body uses the glucose as energy to keep you alive, but when you stop eating, your muscles stop working and your heart stops working, and you die.
Antibiotics work by inhibiting the enzyme that breaks down proteins in your cells, which causes them to stop working. 

Once the enzyme is broken down, your cells start to produce a protein called adenosine triphosphate (ATP), which is a protein that binds to the antibiotic and causes it to bind to your DNA.

ATP is the same protein that is used by your body to break down proteins, and when it's broken down by the antibiotic, it causes your cells to start producing ATP, which is the protein that your body uses to make ATP.
They don't count it unless the election is a close one.
SSH is a protocol that allows you to send and receive information over the network. 

It works by encrypting the connection between your computer and a remote server.

When you connect to the server, you are connecting to it using a public key.  This means that the server can't be hacked.  If you want to connect to your computer, you need to use a public SSH key.



The problem is that you can't encrypt the connection, so you need a private key to send the information to the remote server, and the server needs to be able to decrypt the connection
The powder is made up of sugar and water. 

When you mix the powder with hot water, the water evaporates from the solution, and the sugar is absorbed by the powder.  When you add cold water, it evaporates back into the solution.  This is why you need to mix it with cold water before adding cold water.
PewDiePie is a popular YouTuber who is known for playing video games. He is also known for being a bit of a prankster.

Pewdiepie's channel has been around for a while, and has a lot of popular content. 

He has been making videos for a long time, but it's only recently that he's gotten popular enough to be able to reach 100 million subscribers.
It's a combination of things. 

1. A strong economy is one that is able to produce enough goods and services to meet the needs of its population.  
2. It is a strong economy that can compete with other countries in the world.

3. It has to be able to export its goods to other countries.
There are a lot of diseases that are beneficial to the human body, but not all of them. 

For example, many of the diseases we have today are caused by parasites, which are not beneficial to our bodies.

The reason we don't have many diseases which are beneficial is because we have so much control over them that we can eradicate them.
When you rub your eyes, you're stimulating the nerves in the back of your eye that control your vision. When you rub them, you stimulate the nerves that control the light receptors in your eyes. When the nerves are stimulated, they start firing, and you see flashes of light.
It's not recessive, it's recessive in the sense that it's caused by a mutation in the OCA2 gene, which codes for blue light-sensitive pigments. 

It's a recessive trait, which means that people with blue eyes are more likely to have blue eyes than people with red eyes.
Your dog's sense of smell is much more sensitive than your human's.

Your dog has a very sensitive nose. It can detect the faint smell of feces from a half inch away.
It depends on the size of the venue and the amount of people who are expected to be there. 

If it's a small venue, the electricity bill will come out to around $100.  If it's large, it will come to about $300.

The electricity bill is for the entire venue, not just the main stage.  It's also for the lighting, sound, sound equipment, sound system, sound mixing, lighting, etc.  There are a lot of other things that are added to the bill as well.  For example, if it's an outdoor concert, the
The original blueprints were made in a process called cyanotype. Cyanotype is a photolysis process. 

Basically, you take a picture of a white sheet of paper and put it under a thin layer of glass. When the glass is exposed to ultraviolet light, it absorbs some of the light and turns it into a negative. The negative is then printed on a white background.

The blue is the result of the process.
It's not hard to make artificial blood, it's just hard to get it to work. 

There are a lot of things that make it hard.

1. Artificial red blood cells have to be grown in a lab, they need to be stored at room temperature and not under refrigeration for more than a year.
2. They need to have a certain amount of oxygen in them.
3. They have to have the right amount of hemoglobin.
4. They can't be made from scratch.
The CIA is a foreign intelligence agency, not a law enforcement agency.

If you want to arrest a CIA agent, you have to get a warrant from a foreign court.
Some programs need to be installed because they are part of the operating system. 

For example, if you want to install Word, you need to install it.

If you don't want to, you can uninstall it.
The Triple Crown is a big deal because it is the most prestigious of all the sports. It is considered the pinnacle of achievement in the sports world. 

The NBA, NFL, MLB, and the NHL are all considered the most important sports in the world, and they are all important because they are the top three sports in their respective countries.
If you cut down a tree, and cut a 1 ft junk out of it, how long until the cells in the junk of wood are dead?
I think it has to do with the fact that the Algonquin people were the first people to settle in the area. 

The Algonquins didn't speak English, so they didn't know how to pronounce their own language, so the word "Algonquin" became a pejorative term.
The front page algorithm is based on how many times a search term is used. 

If you go to the front page of a page, and search for a word, you get a list of all the pages that have been used in the last 6 seconds.  If you click on a link to a page that has been used 6 times in the past 6 seconds, you will be directed to the page with the most recent use.

When you go back to the top of the page, you'll see that the page that was used the most in the previous 6 seconds is at the top.
There is no significance to the number 9. It's just a number. 

The reason we stopped creating number symbols after 9 is because we stopped using them for counting.

We stopped using numbers after 9 because we no longer needed them.
The moon is at rest relative to the rest of the solar system, so it doesn't have the same gravitational pull on it as Earth.

We can slingshot around the moon by using the moon's gravity to push us out of the way.
It depends on the amount of solar energy you need to power your house.

If you're in a 3 bedroom house, you'll need to put in enough solar panels to power all of your lights, heat pumps, air conditioners, and water heaters.
Aspartame reduces surface tension more than sugar. 

Sugar is a sugar molecule, and aspartame is an artificial sweetener.

Aspartam is a sweetener, and sugar is a molecule, so it's surface tension is reduced.
It depends on a lot of factors. 

1. Demand

2. The number of people who want to travel

3. Capacity

4. Fuel

5. Availability

6. Time of flight

7. Location

8. Expense

9. Location of the airline

10. Price of the ticket

Edit: I'm not sure about the last one, but I think it has something to do with the fact that the airlines are trying to get as many people to buy tickets as they can before they run out of capacity.
It is illegal to cross the road at an intersection when the light is red or flashing red. 

It is also illegal to start crossing at a crosswalk where there is no pedestrian light.

In the US, jaywalking is considered an infraction, but in some jurisdictions, it is a misdemeanor or requires a court appearance.
If you fire lasers in the same direction, they will travel at the same speed. If you fire them in opposite directions, they'll travel at different speeds.
When you get injured, your brain sends a signal to your muscles telling them to stop working. This is called the "fight or flight" response. 

When you are in pain, your muscles are trying to fight or run away from the injury, so your brain tells your muscles to stop moving.

Your brain also tells your body to stop trying to run away, which is why you shake your hands when you get hurt.
The new law in Mississipi promotes bullying. 

It's not a law that promotes bullying, it's a policy that encourages bullying.

People are saying it promotes bullying because it makes it harder for people to say no when they don't want to be bullied.
It's not that everything in the universe wants to spin, it's that the universe seems to want to spin. 

If you look at the universe from a distance, you'll notice that it looks like it's spinning.  It's because the universe is spinning, but it's actually not.  The universe is not rotating.  If you take a piece of paper and put it on a table, you will notice that the paper is falling down.  This is because it's falling down in the direction of the rotation of the universe, not the other way around.

It's the same
Parrots do not have vocal cords, so sound is accomplished by expelling air across the mouth of the trachea in the organ called the syrinx. 

Parrots are able to mimic human speech, but they are not able to understand it.

They do, however, understand the meaning of words, and will repeat them back to you.
Circular irises are more effective at blocking out light during the day, but they don't work as well during the night.

Slit pupils are better at filtering out light at night.
Cost of living. 

It's not going to stop going up, it's going to go up faster than the rate of inflation.
There are a lot of reasons. 

1. The number of planes in service is increasing.

2. There are more planes than there are people flying them, and the number of people who fly them is increasing, so there are more accidents.
3. The amount of time it takes for a plane to take off and land is increasing as well.
4. The planes are getting bigger and bigger.
5. They are getting more fuel efficient.
6. They're getting more expensive to maintain.
7. People are flying them more.
8. The airlines are flying more
The internet is a network of computers that communicate with each other over the Internet. 

There are two layers of the Internet: the physical layer and the digital layer.

The physical layer is where the computers are connected to each other.  The physical layer connects the computer to the internet servers, which are the computers that send and receive the data.  This layer is called the "backbone" and is where all the data is sent and received.
It's called a "lockout".

When the device tries to enter the correct PIN, it stops processing the data.

It's not the PIN itself, it's the chip in the device that's doing the processing.  The chip in your phone or iPod/iPad/iWhatever has a chip in it that tells it that it's trying to access the data stored on the device.  When it tries to access that data, it sends a signal to the chip that says "hey, this chip is trying to get your PIN".  When that signal is received, it tells the chip
The US is a net importer of oil. 

We are the world's largest producer of crude oil, but we are also one of the largest importers of refined petroleum products.
It's not that he couldn't pass any legislation he wanted, it's that he didn't have a supermajority in both houses of Congress. 

He had a majority in the House of Representatives, but the Senate was controlled by Republicans, and the Senate is controlled by Democrats.

In order to pass a bill, you need 60 votes in the Senate to break a filibuster, which means you have to get 60 votes to pass the bill. If you don't have 60 votes, you can't pass it.
Banks don't keep money in vaults, they keep it in reserves. 

The Federal Reserve is the central bank that controls the money supply.  They have a reserve fund that they use to keep the money in reserve.  The reserves are the amount of money that they have on hand.  If you want to transfer money from one bank to another, you have to go to the Fed and ask them for the money.

When you do an ACH transfer, the Fed will send the money to the bank you're transferring to, and the bank will send it back to you.
I think it's because you're still adjusting to the rocking motion of the boat. When you get out of the ocean, you're not used to the constant rocking motion, so your body has to adjust to it.
It was technically possible to have live broadcasts before modern digital cameras existed.  

Back in the day, you had to have a cable connection to your local station to transmit the signal to the other stations in your area.  This was done by using a cable box that was connected to the local cable company, and then the cable company would send the signal back to the station in your region.  The cable company then had to pay the station for the cable connection, and the station would have to pay them for the time it took to get the signal from the transmitter to the broadcast station.

The
The iceman is not a real person, he is a fictional character.  He was a caveman who lived in the Arctic during the coldest time of the last ice age.  It is believed that he was killed by a creature that was able to survive in the ice.

It is not known what caused him to freeze to death, but it is believed to be the result of hypothermia.  

_URL_0_
Hard right wing political views to extreme right wing views, what do people find appealing about them?
SGI has been around for a long time. 

NASA has been using SGI computers since the 80s, and they have been doing a lot of work with them.

They are still doing work with SGI, but they are using Intel and AMD chips because they are cheaper.
There is nothing you can do to change it. 

The only thing you *can* do is complain to your doctor about it.
It's not the size of the screen, it's the amount of power it takes to store the information. 

Imagine that you have a piece of paper with a bunch of numbers written on it.  If you want to know how many letters are in the paper, you need to write them down.  So you write down the number of letters, and then write down how many numbers are on the paper.  This is called the "pixel count".  The number of pixels you need is proportional to how many times the paper has to be written down.

Now, if you write out the
I'm not sure what you're talking about. 

There are a lot of things that go into language, but the most important one is that it has to do with how the brain interprets the language.

For example, if you speak English, your brain has two parts. One part interprets words, and the other parts interprets sounds. So if you hear a word "dog" and you say "dog", your brain will interpret it as "dog".

If you speak a language, and you don't understand it, it's because your brain doesn't know how to interpret
Plastic is made up of many different types of molecules. Some are strong, some are weak, and some are non-recyclable. 

Some of them are made of polymers that are strong enough that they can be broken down by bacteria and other microorganisms.

Other types of plastic are made from polymers which are weak enough to be broken up by bacteria, but not strong enough to break down by microbes.
The tech bubble was caused by over-exuberance in the stock market. 

In the early 2000s, there was a lot of speculation that the internet was going to be the next big thing, and that it would be the future of everything.  This was a big deal, and many people were very excited about it.

When the dot com bubble burst, many people realized that they were over-estimating the value of the internet, and realized that it wasn't going to grow as big as they thought it would.  So they started selling their stock, and the stock price crashed
I think it's because of the fact that C and K are the same sound. 

In Latin, there were two letters that were used to represent the sound [k](_URL_0_) before the front vowels.  They were both used as the swash letter I, used for the letter I at the end of Roman numerals when following another I, as in XXIIJ or xxiij instead of XXIII or xxiii for the Roman numeral representing 23.

When English was written, the two letters were used in the same order, but the letters were not
You can get waterpoisoning by drinking too much water. 

Your body has a balance of sodium and potassium in your blood.  When you drink a lot of water, your body loses sodium to your kidneys, which is why you feel thirsty.  Your body also loses potassium to your brain, which causes you to feel dizzy and dizzy.

If you drink enough water, you will feel like you are going to pass out.  This is called hyponatremia.
It could be a combination of factors.

1. The property is in a bad state of disrepair. 

2. There is a lot of competition for the property, and the seller is trying to make as much money as they can before they have to pay taxes on the property. 


3. If the property is worth more than it is worth, the seller will be able to sell it at a lower price than the market value.  If the price is too high, the property will be worth less than it was when it was bought.  This is called a foreclosing
Hot water bottles contain a lot of water in them. 

When you're menstruating, the water in the bottle is hot enough to make your blood flow faster.  This causes your body to produce more blood, which causes your period to go away faster.

Hot water is also good for relieving menstrual cramps because it's a lot hotter than cold water.
Myspace was a great idea, but it was too big for it's own good. 

It was designed to be a social networking site for teenagers and young adults.  It had a lot of features that they didn't realize they could make money off of.  They were too big, and they were too slow to make money.

They also had a huge number of bugs, and it was hard to keep up with all the new features they wanted to add.
It depends on the type of manufacturing.

If you're talking about something like a car, the price of a car is determined by the amount of time it takes to produce a car. 

When you increase the number of cars being produced, you're increasing the time to produce the same amount of cars, but you're also increasing the total number of people making the car, so the cost of producing the car increases. 


If the car is made of plastic, the cost to make the car will increase as the car gets bigger and bigger, but if you're making it of metal,
You can buy stock in the company at any price you want at any time.  If you have a stock option, you can buy the stock at a discount to the current price.  You can also borrow money from a broker to buy stock, or you can sell it on margin.
They are officially declared persona non grata by their host country, which means they are not allowed to enter or leave the country. 

They can be expelled from the country they are accredited to if they do not follow the rules and regulations of their country.
Browsing is downloading.

When you go to a website, you're actually browsing.  You're looking at a page.  It's not downloading.
It's a day to honor mothers who have done more for you than anyone else in the world. 

It was originally named after Anna Jarvis, a woman who fought for women's suffrage in the United States.

She wanted to set aside a day for all mothers because she believed a mother is "the person who has done the most for you".

In the early 1900s, the U.S. Congress rejected a proposal to make Mother's Day an official holiday, joking that they would also have to proclaim a "Mother-in-law's Day" or a "Father's Day."

Instead, President Woodrow Wilson signed a proclamation declaring May 10th as "Mother's Day
I think it goes through the same thing as any other dog. 

They are used to being the "leader" of the pack, so they learn to follow the leader's lead.  If they are new to a new dog, they learn that the new dog is the leader, and they learn how to follow their lead.
It's because when you close the app, the video player stops playing. It's not that the app doesn't want to continue to play, it's that it doesn't know what you're doing when you leave the app.
There are a lot of different languages for different things. 

For example, C++ is designed to be a scripting language for web development, but is also used as a general-purpose language.  It's also a language that can be used in embedded systems, so it's suited for that.

C# is a programming language that's designed for scripting, but it's also designed for high-level programming.  For example, you can use C# to write code for a web browser, but you can also use it to make code for embedded systems.  C# is also designed to
They use Ferrocement drains. They are made out of concrete, and are very strong. 

The water is collected on the roof and stored in tanks on the top of the building.
If they were found guilty of a crime, they would have to pay a fine and go to jail. 

If they are innocent, they can still be tried for a crime they didn't commit.
It's called candoluminescence. 

When a flame is hot, it releases a lot of energy in the form of heat energy.  This energy is released in free radicals.  Free radicals are molecules that react with each other to form molecules called free radicals, and these molecules emit light.  The light emitted by these free radicals is visible light.
I think it's because they rotate the pilots. 

_URL_0_
When you are in pain, your brain sends a signal to your brain that tells it that something is wrong. 

Your brain interprets this signal as a threat, and it tells your body to do something.

When you scream, your body is telling your brain to stop doing that.
Sex and nudity in video games are not inherently violent. 

In fact, there are a lot of games that are considered "non-violent" because they are designed to be non-violent.

However, there is a difference between non-violence and violence, and the difference between violence and nonviolence.
Vinyl records are printed on paper.  

The paper is coated with a thin layer of toner.  The vinyl is then pressed onto the paper, and the toner is applied to the vinyl.  It's like putting a print on a T-shirt.
Scientology is a religious organization founded by L. Ron Hubbard.  They believe that you can change your life by going through a process called "auditing".  

Scientology uses a lot of pseudoscience to get you to do things they don't believe you should do.  For example, they claim that if you are a Scientologist, you must go through a program called "Sea Org", which is basically a group of people who are sent to a place where they will "audit" you.  The Sea Org is basically an organization that will take you through a series of
I think it's because of the way they speak. 

Vin Diesel and Tom Hardy speak with a very deep voice.  It's like they're gargling with rocks.
A type system defines how a programming language classifies values and expressions into types, how it can manipulate those types and how they interact.

For example, let's say you want to have a list of integers. 

Let's say I want to know how many integers there are in the world.  I'll give you a list:

_URL_0_

A type is the list of all the integers that are known to exist.  It's a collection of integers that can be represented as a list.  If you want more information about this list, you can look at
There are no international laws in place to prevent someone from creating a private military force composed of soldiers of fortune and assorted rednecks in order to fight ISIS or other terrorist groups?
The stock market crashed in 2008.

It was caused by a combination of things. 

First, there was a lot of speculation in the stock market.  A lot of people believed they could get rich by investing on margin and buying stocks.  This is a very common thing to do when you're in a bubble.  But when the bubble burst, the value of the stocks crashed.  The value of stocks went down, and the price of everything else went down with it.  When the stock price crashed, people stopped buying stocks and started selling them.  They stopped buying things, and
They die of starvation, dehydration, lack of water, and/or lack of proper nutrition. 

Also, in the wild, there are a lot of diseases that can kill an animal in captivity, such as parasites, parasites, worms, etc.
The serial numbers are used to identify the serial number of the bill, not the coin.  

Bills are printed in series, which means they are issued in batches of 1,000,000.

Coins are not serial numbers.  They are used for proof that the coin was struck by the US Mint, which is why they don't have serial numbers on them.
The US is still the most powerful country in the world, but it's not the only one. Russia and China are also very powerful. 

Russia is also the most populous country, but they are not the most stable.  They have a lot of problems with corruption, corruption, and corruption.

China is the second largest country, and they have a huge amount of influence in the region.  The US is the third largest, but their influence is not as strong as it used to be.  China has a lot more influence than the US, so they are more powerful than Russia.
I think it has to do with the fact that when you're asleep, your brain is processing a lot of different sounds at the same time. 

When you're awake, you're not processing the same amount of sound, so your brain has to process different things at different times.
I think it has to do with the size of the hard drive and the amount of data that needs to be loaded into it.  

When you boot up your computer, it's trying to find all the files that are stored on your hard drive.  This is called the "bootloader".  It's basically a program that goes through all of the files on your computer's hard drive, reads them from the disk, and then loads them into the operating system.  It takes a long time for this process to complete, so it takes a lot of time for the computer to boot up.
Network marketing is not a pyramid scheme.  It's a form of direct selling.  

It's called Multi-Level Marketing.  Multi-level marketing is a type of direct marketing where you have multiple levels of people selling the same product or service.  The top level of salespeople are paid by the company, and the bottom level is paid by you.  They are not pyramid schemes.
Menthol, eucalyptus, and menthol are the main ingredients in mint. 

Bitter mint is sweet because it has a lot of menthol in it.

Sweet mint is bitter because it's a bitter plant.
The dust particles are still in your lungs, but they're not going anywhere. 

Your lungs are made up of tiny tubes called alveoli.  When you inhale a lot of dust, you're inhaling carbon dioxide, oxygen, and carbon monoxide.  These tiny tubes are filled with mucous, which is the stuff that makes your lungs breathe.

When you exhale the dust, the mucous is forced out of your lungs by your body's immune system.  The mucous can't get rid of the particles, so they stay in there.
I think it has something to do with the fact that Rome was founded by the Romans, and they were the first rulers of the Roman Empire. 

The Romans had a lot of influence on the culture of the people who lived in the area, and the people of the area around them.

They were also the first people to spread Christianity, which is why they were able to spread it to the rest of Europe.
Teachers hate to "teach to the test" because it's a waste of time.  They don't know what they're teaching, they don't have the time to teach it, and they're not getting any benefit from it.
I think it's because it would be a violation of the dignity of the human person. 

Cloning a human embryo would be an attempt to create a genetically identical copy of a human being, which is inherently immoral.

It would also be an infringement on the rights of the mother, who would not be able to choose whether or not to have a child, and would not have the right to choose the sex of the child.
Because it's cheaper to cast British actors than it is to cast American actors.
It's called subtractive color. 

When you take a picture, you use a camera with a special lens that records the color of the light coming from the camera.  You then use a filter to make a transparent dye that reflects the light back to you.  This is called an additive color filter.
Your phone would work fine in space. 

Your phone is designed to be able to transmit and receive data at the speed of light.

It uses radio waves, which are much faster than regular radio waves.
We know that there is a lot of matter out there, but we don't know how much of it is dark matter. 

We don't even know what it is. We know it's there, we just know it doesn't emit light.

If we were wrong about it, there would be a huge difference in our understanding of the universe. We would have to re-examine everything we know about the universe and figure out how to make sense of it.
Suppression is when you try to control something. 

For example, if you are in a situation where you want to do something, you can control it by saying "I'm not going to do that" or "I won't do that."

But if you're in that situation, you're not controlling it.  You're suppressing it.
The Catholic Church teaches that Jesus Christ is the Son of God, the Father, and the Holy Spirit. 

The Orthodox Church believes that God is the Father and the Son, and that Jesus is the Holy Ghost.

This is a bit of a tricky one, because the Holy Trinity is not explicitly stated in the Catholic faith.  It's just that the Catholic Church believes it is.
It is important to Americans, especially conservatives, that a politician is a strong supporter of Israel because Israel is a vital part of the US' foreign policy.  

It is also important to conservatives because Israel's enemies are so numerous that even one, as far as Israel's claque is concerned, is one too many.
It doesn't. 

Mold is caused by bacteria growing on the surface of the glass.  If you put the jar upside down in the fridge, the bacteria will not be able to grow on the inside of the jar.
A CPU is a piece of hardware that is designed to do a lot of things at once.  It's called a core.  

A core is a set of units that can do a bunch of different things at the same time.  For example, if you have a single core, it can do integer, floating point, and floating point calculations, but it can't do a whole lot of other things.  So you need a lot more cores to do all of these things.

CPU clocks are measured in cycles per second.  A clock is a measure of how fast the CPU is
I think it has to do with tolerance. Opioids work by binding to the same receptors in the brain that are responsible for pain relief. When you take an opiate, your body is trying to get rid of the pain, but your brain doesn't want to do that, so it's trying to find a way to make the pain go away.

When you take the same opiate and give it to someone else, your brain will try to figure out how to make them feel better, and if it doesn't work, it'll try to find another way to get them to feel better.
No, it's not the same as the red you see. 

Your brain has two types of cones, Long and Medium, and Short.  The Long cone is the one that sees red, and the Medium cone sees green.  If you have one of the Long cones, you can see red, but you can't see green.

If you have the Short cone, you see blue.  You can see green, but not red.  Your brain has a third type of cone, called Opponent.  Opponent cones are the ones that see red and green, and your brain
They don't. 

They use robodialer, which is a device that connects to your phone line and connects it to a robocaller.  It's a way for them to get you to answer the phone.  They then use that phone number to call you back.  If you don't answer, they get paid.
The flu is caused by a virus called H1N1. It is the most common flu virus in humans. 

It is transmitted through coughing or sneezing.

The flu virus is transmitted by the respiratory tract.  It can be passed from person to person through the air.  If you have a fever, you are more likely to get the flu.  The virus can also be transmitted through mucus membranes.  When you cough or sneeze, it can be transmitted to other people.  This is why it is called a "swine flu" virus.
Trademarks are protected by the First Amendment, which protects free speech.  Trademarks are not protected by copyright or patent law.  They are protected under common law.
Pigs are omnivores. They eat a wide variety of foods, and are fed a lot of different types of food.

Humans, on the other hand, don't eat as much as they do. We eat a small amount of food, but we don't get as much exercise as we do.
Because it's cheaper to fly from South America to Australia than it is to fly to Europe.

It's also cheaper for airlines to fly between South America and Australia than to fly directly from Europe to North America.
Siesta culture means that you don't drink as much water during the day, so your body doesn't need to produce as much as it does during the night. 

This means that if you drink a lot of water, you won't develop GERD.

If you drink enough water, your body will be able to produce enough energy to fight off the bacteria.
The lens is made up of a bunch of tiny crystals. When you blink, the light from your eye hits the lens and causes it to flicker. 

When you don't blink, it doesn't flicker as much.
I'm not a linguist, but I can give you an idea of how it works.

When you say "suggest" on a phone, you're using the word "suggest". 

It's a way for the phone to tell you if you're talking to someone on the other end of the line, and if you are talking to the other person, it will tell you to say "Hey, I'm on the phone"

If you say, "I'm on a call", the phone tells you that you're on hold, and it will send you a message saying "Hey
The first digit of the class number tells you the year in which you are taking the course, and the second digit tells you how many credits you will need to take in order to graduate. 

For example, if you take a course in English, you will take a class called "English 101" and you will have to take 4 credits in English.

If you take an elective course, you'll take 3 credits, and then you will be required to take another course called "Social Studies 101".

The second digit will tell you how much credit you need to earn to graduate, and
I think it's because they don't have a favorite song.  They just like the sound of it.  It's just a way for them to communicate with each other.
It's not that they don't want to sell live fish, it's that they want to make a profit. 

If you want to buy live fish at a market, you have to pay for it.
The U.S. has a huge trade surplus with China. In 2016, the U. S. deficit with China was $375 billion. In 2015, China's deficit was $347 billion.
The stock market has been volatile for a while now. 

In the past, when the stock market was doing well, there was a lot of speculation about the future of the economy, and people would buy stocks in anticipation of a boom or bust.

When the economy crashed in 2008, there were a lot more people buying stocks than there were selling them, and that caused the market to crash. 


Now that the economy is recovering, there is a lot less speculation about what the future will bring, so the market is more stable.



This is why you see stocks falling and
The US Jury system is based on common sense. 

In a criminal case, the jury must reach a verdict of guilty or not guilty.  This is because the law requires a majority of the jurors to agree on a verdict.  In civil cases, the law does not require a majority, but it does require that the jury reach a unanimous decision.

The Supreme Court has upheld non unanimous jury verdicts, so long as the jury is larger than 6 people.  The Supreme Court ruled in Burch v. Louisiana that where a jury was made of 6 people, the verdict must be unanimous.
It's called a jam shot.  

A jam shot is when you use a hammer to blow a hole in the safe's door.  You use the hammer to jam the door so that it doesn't open.

When the door is open, the hammer blows a hole into the safe.  The hole is then filled with air, which causes the safe to vibrate.  This vibrates the door enough to cause it to open.  If you have a good pair of earphones, you can use them to make the safe vibrate enough to make it open.
Plaque is made up of proteins and lipids that have been broken down by bacteria. 

Plaque can be white, yellow, brown, or black depending on the type of bacteria.
The Illuminati was a secret society that was founded by Adam Weishaupt in Bavaria in 1776. It was a very powerful organization that had a lot of influence in Europe and the United States. 

In the early 20th century, the Illuminati was accused of being involved in a conspiracy to overthrow the monarchy and establish a "New World Order" which would be a world government that would be run by the Jews.

The Illuminati were also accused of having ties to the Rothschild family, which was the family that owned the Bank of England, and the Rockefeller family which owned the New York Stock Exchange
The key fob authenticator is a device that uses a special algorithm to determine which key is used to unlock your key. 

The algorithm is based on the fact that when you press a key, the computer knows which key you are using, and it knows how many times you have pressed that key.

When you use the fob, it uses this algorithm to figure out what key you're using.
The antitrust suit was brought by the US Department of Justice against Microsoft because they felt that Microsoft was abusing its monopoly power by bundling the Internet Explorer browser into its Windows 98 operating system. 

Microsoft had a monopoly in the desktop operating system market because they were the first company to offer a web browser, and they wanted to keep it that way.

In order to do this, they had to agree to give up control of the web browser market to other companies in order to allow them to sell their own browser. 


The government sued Microsoft for antitrust violations, and the court ruled that they had
It's because your body's body temperature is regulated by the amount of water in your blood.  Hot water causes your body to lose heat faster than cold water.  When you get a burn, your body wants to keep your skin at a certain temperature, so it wants to get rid of the heat.

When you get cold water, it's not so much that you lose heat, but that your body is trying to cool itself down.  Your body has a thermoreceptors in your skin that tell it that it's too hot, so when it's cold, it turns off those thermore
I think it has to do with the fact that you're watching TV alone at night. 

When you watch TV alone, your ears are used to hearing the sound waves coming from your TV.  When you're in a room with other people, you're not used to the sounds coming from the TV.
I think it's because it's easier for students to memorize the answers in the back of the book.
Ridges are the result of the shape of the plastic. 

When you pour water into a plastic bottle, you're pouring it into a hole.  The hole is the place where the water is going to come out of.  If you fill the hole with water, the water will come out the other side.

Ridges help keep the water from coming out of the hole.
Calories are measured by measuring the amount of CO2 your body produces when you're resting. 

This is done by measuring how much CO2 you exhale and how much oxygen your body is able to absorb.

Calories can also be measured by using a thermometer, which measures the temperature of your body and how many CO2 molecules are in your blood. 


The RMR is the rate at which your body converts CO2 into energy.  It's a measure of how much energy your body uses to produce CO2 per unit of time, and it can be used to estimate
Boomerangs don't return to their thrower, they return to the ground.

Boomers are made out of plastic, and they're made of a material that has a lot of surface area, so when they're thrown, they bounce off the ground and bounce back to the thrower. 

When you throw a boomerang, you're bouncing it off of the ground, and it bounces back off of your hand. When you throw it again, it bounces off your hand and bounces back to you.
Feminism is a movement that fights for equal treatment of men and women.

Being a feminist is not the same as being a feminist. 

You can be a feminist and still be a man.  You can also be a woman and still support equal treatment for men.
I think it's because when you switch to full screen mode, your computer is trying to get more information out of your screen. 

When you go to the top of the screen, it's telling your computer that it's time to go back to the main menu.
Headaches are caused by the blood vessels in your head and neck constricting. 

Headaches can be caused by a number of things, but the most common cause is an injury to the nerves in the brain that control the pain receptors in your neck and head.
Your eyes are not used to focusing on something, they are used to focus on your head.  When you focus on something and move your head, your eyes are using the muscles in the back of your head to keep your gaze on the object you are looking at.  If you keep your head still and solely move your eyes, your vision will not be as good.
It's not that they don't want to, it's just that they can't print as many bills as they would like. 

It's the same reason why we still have $1 bills.

They cost more money to make than $2 bills.
They don't collide with each other, they collide with the ground. 

If you look at a flock of hundreds of birds, you'll notice that they all fly in a V shape.  They all have the same height, so they all have to fly in the same direction.  If they were to collide, they wouldn't be able to fly at the same speed, because they would be too far away from each other.
The milk of a cow, goat, or any other mammal has a certain amount of lactose in it, which makes it suitable for human consumption. 

Lactose is a sugar in the milk, which is why it's so bad for you if you eat it.

However, if you drink milk from a goat, cow, or other mammal, it has a lot less lactose, so it's not as bad as you might think.
It doesn't. 

When you apply ice to an injury, you're restricting blood flow to the area, which causes it to swell up.  This causes the blood vessels in the area to constrict, which in turn causes the injury to get worse.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it has to do with the size of the file.

When you're viewing the same image file on two screens, the file is stored in the same location on your hard drive. 

However, when you open the file on one screen, it's stored in a different location on the hard drive, so it's not the same file.
I think it's because it's a game. 

It's not love, it's storge.

Storge is a term used to describe a sexual relationship between two people that gradually grew out of a friendship, and the friendship turned to love.
It's called the Schrdinger Effect. 

Imagine you have a piece of paper with a bunch of numbers written on it.  You write down the number 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 35, 36, 37, 38, 39, 40, etc.  Each number represents a state of
The IR LEDs in t.v remotes use infrared light to transmit information. 

When you press a button on the remote control, it sends a signal to the IR receiver, which then transmits the signal back to the remote.

The remote has an IR transmitter and an IR receiver.
Dopamine and serotonin are neurotransmitters that are released by the same receptors in the brain. 

Serotonin is a neurotransmitter that binds to the serotonin receptors in your brain, and dopamine is a norepinephrine-dopamine receptor.
They don't. 

The FBI has a database called the NIBIN (National Integrated Ballistic Identification Network).  It's a database of spent bullet casings, spent bullets, and other evidence that can be used to trace the owner of the gun back to the crime scene.
We can estimate the number of stars in the Milky Way based on what we know about the mass of the galaxy and how far away they are from us. 

We know that there are between 100 and 400 billion stars in our galaxy, but we don't know how many galaxies there are in other galaxies.  We know that the distance between us and other galaxies is about 1.5 billion light years, so we can estimate how many stars are in the galaxy.
The 9th update was supposed to fix a bug that was discovered in Windows Vista. 

The problem was that it was not fixed until after the release of Windows Vista, which was released on December 14, 2005.

Windows Vista was the last version of Windows to have a bug fix, so it was released before the update was released.
The odds of Leicester winning were determined by multiplying the number of wins by the total number of games played in the previous season. 

In other words, if Leicester won the league, the odds of winning the cup were 1 in 10,000,000.

If they won the cup, they would have to win the league by 10 games, and if they lost the league then the odds would be 1 in 100,000 to 1.
They don't. 

The sensors are all connected to the computer, so they can't be affected by the weather.

However, they can be affected if the car is in a situation where the sensors are not working properly.  For example, if there is a sudden drop in pressure in the air pressure, the car will be unable to detect that and apply the brakes.  This is because the car's sensors can't detect the change in air pressure.
Dyslexia is caused by a lack of phonetic ability. 

In English, there are a lot of homophones in the English language.  When you read a word, your brain interprets the word as a phonetic sound, and you have to learn how to pronounce it phonetically.

When you learn a word in Chinese, you don't need to learn the phonetic part of the word, you just need to know how it's pronounced. 


In other words, if you're dyslexic in English, you're not learning how to read the word phon
I don't know for sure, but I think it has something to do with the fact that your nerves are more sensitive to touch than to sound. 

When you bite a metal key, your brain sends a signal to your brain that the metal is sharp, and your brain interprets that as a tickle, which is why you feel the tingling.
I think it has to do with the fact that you are using your core muscles to balance your weight. When you are standing still, you are not using the same muscles as you do when you are hopping. 

When you hop on one leg, you're using your gluteus medius, which is a muscle in your leg that controls the weight of your leg.  When you stand still, it is the same muscle that controls your other leg.
Film has a higher resolution than digital cameras.  

Digital cameras have a lower resolution than film, so the quality of the film is lower.

In addition to that, there are a lot of other factors that can affect the quality, such as temperature, humidity, and moisture.  Film is much more sensitive to these things, so if you take a picture with a camera that's too hot or too cold, the film will start to degrade.  Digital cameras don't have as many of these issues, so they don't need to worry about it as much.
The ridges are to keep the door from rubbing against the inside of the door frame. 

It's also to make it easier for the door to open and close.
It's because he has a very strong sense of humor. 

_URL_0_
When you miss someone, your brain goes into overdrive. Your brain is trying to process all of the information that is going on in your head. It's like when you're trying to remember the last time you went to the grocery store. You have a list of things you need to do, but you can't remember all of them, so you have to go back and re-learn them. 

When you're missing someone, you have a lot of time to think about it, and your brain has a lot to process. You can think of it as a sort of subconscious memory, like when
I think it has to do with the fact that when you ejaculate, your body releases testosterone, which is a hormone that increases blood flow to the penis. This increases the amount of testosterone in the blood, which causes it to become soft.
PRISM is a library that allows you to use a prism to display images on your computer screen. 

It's basically a set of tools that allow you to create a web page that looks like a picture on a prism.

The idea is that when you take a picture of something, you want it to look like it's being reflected from one side of the prism, but not from the other, so that you can see the image on the other side. 


When you use PRISM, you can create a page with a bunch of images that look like they're being reflected off of
CO2 is a greenhouse gas.  It's not a good idea to put scrubbers on planes or balloons because it's too much of a waste product.

Carbon dioxide is a very stable gas, so it can't be scrubbed out of the air.  If you put a scrubber on a plane, it would be a waste of money.  The problem is that it's not that CO2 is bad, it's that it is so stable that it can stay in the air for a long time.  Carbon dioxide is the same as carbon monoxide, but it's much more stable
Torture was a big thing in medieval times because it was the only way to get people to confess to a crime. It was also a way for the inquisition to gather evidence against the accused. 

The inquisition was the first judicial system in Europe that operated according to a system and not to judicial discretion, torture was restricted to 15 minutes per session and only allowed on adults under very specific conditions for a set number of times, water boarding was the most common method as opposed to the fantastic devices portrayed in propaganda, a doctor had to be present during the interrogations.
It's not that they don't have cameras, it's that they're not used to having them. 

There are a lot of reasons for this, but the main one is that it would be a huge burden on the police force.  They would have to keep track of every single detail of what they do and how they interact with the public.  It would also be a burden on their ability to do their jobs.
You need to be able to feed your animals all year round.

If you live in the middle of the country, you need to have enough food to feed you for the entire year.
I'm not an expert, but I can give you a few ideas.

DJing is a lot more than just playing music.  It's a way for a DJ to get the crowd to dance.  They use a variety of instruments to create the music they want to play, such as a drum machine, a bass drum, a turntable, and a mix console.  

They also use special effects such as lasers and pyrotechnics to make it seem like they're playing a live show, but they're not.  There's no real reason for them to do that
Yes, it is possible to store a substance with zero heat gain or loss. 

The problem is that you need to store it in such a way that it doesn't evaporate, which is not possible.
Time is considered a dimension of space. 

Space is a 3 dimensional space, and time is a 4 dimensional space.

If you look at the universe, you can see it as a 3D space, but you can also see time as a 4-dimensional space.
Your modem or phone has a "soft power switch" that connects to your computer's hard drive.  When you plug it in, it sends a signal to the hard drive, which tells the computer that it needs to power up.

When you unplug it, the computer checks to see if it's still connected to the power supply.  If it's not, it turns off the soft power switch.
Yes, there is a maximum temperature at which the atoms can't move any faster. It's called "superconductivity", and it's the point at which all the atoms stop moving. 

Theoretically, it's possible to achieve superconductivity at a certain temperature, but it's not practical to do so in practice.
They don't. 

What they do is they use a technique called [mass spectrometry](_URL_0_) to identify the type of bone and the species.

Mass Spectrometry is a technique that allows them to measure the amount of carbon in a sample and compare it to other samples of the same species. They can then tell if the sample is from a new species by comparing the mass of the sample to the mass found in other samples. 


For example, if they find a fossil of a bird, they can tell if it's from a different species of bird
DirectX and OpenGL are two different things. DirectX is a set of graphics APIs, and OpenGL is an open-source graphics API. 

DirectX is a library that allows you to program graphics code to run on your computer.  OpenGL is a programming language that lets you make graphics code that runs on a computer.

The reason why older GPUs can't run DirectX or OpenGL is because they don't have the necessary hardware to support them.  DirectX is written for DirectX 10, OpenGL is for OpenGL.
Sound effects are recorded by the actors themselves.

When they record the sound effects, they are recorded at a very low volume so that they are not obstructed by background noise. 

But when they re-record the audio, they have to increase the volume of the sounds to compensate for the noise that is present in the original recording.  For example, when you hear a car crash, you can't hear the actual sound of the car hitting the ground because it's being muffled by the background noise, so the sound is amplified to make it sound like it's coming from the car.
I think it has to do with the fact that we are social animals.  We are social creatures.  If you are afraid of speaking in front of a large group of people, you are not social.  You are social because you are a social animal.  

If you are nervous about speaking to a small group of strangers, it is because you don't know what they are going to think of you.  It is because they are not going to like what you have to say.
IQ tests measure how well you understand the world around you. 

An IQ test is a measure of your ability to understand and process information.  It's not about how much you know, it's about how good you are at understanding it.
Strawberries do not have their seeds on the outside, they are on the inside. 

The reason they do is because the seeds are easier to swallow by birds.
If you were sucked into a black hole, you would be sucked into the center of the universe. 

You would be pulled towards the center by the gravity of the black hole.
The Champions League is the top league in the world. 

The UEFA Champions League (UEFA) is the competition that determines the best team in Europe.  It is organized by the Fdration Internationale de Football Association (FIFA), which is the governing body of the sport.

It is a competition between the top teams in Europe and the best teams in the Americas.  The winner of the Champions League gets to play in the World Cup, which is a tournament that is held by the national teams of the six confederations of the world (Europe, Africa, Asia,
They don't get sad when farmers take their eggs. 

They're just used to it.
MIDI is a computer program that tells you how many notes to play. 

Imagine you have a piece of paper with a bunch of dots on it.  If you move the paper from one side of the paper to the other, you'll see that each dot has a different number of dots in it.

If you put a dot in the middle of the page, you will see that the dots are moving in the same direction as the paper.  This is called the [Midi Sound Illusion](_URL_0_).

The illusion is caused by the fact that when you
HDMI has a few advantages over DisplayPort, such as ability to carry Consumer Electronics Control (CEC) signals, and electrical compatibility with DVI (though practically limited to single-link DVI rates). Also, HDMI can sustain full bandwidth for up to 10 meters of cable length and there are certification programs to ensure this; DisplayPort cables, conversely, don't ensure full bandwidth beyond 3 meters, however some active cables extend the distance to 15 meters at certain resolutions, and specialist optical extender solutions exists to extend distances even farther than that.

HDMI 1.3 was released on June 22, 2006, and increased the maximum TMDS clock to 340MHz (10.5GHz). This means that it can carry 4K video at 60Hz with 24bit/px color depth. It also added support for the 21:9 aspect ratio, 4:2:0 chroma subsampling, 25 fps 3D 3D, and 4:3:2 aspect ratio.
We can see details of far-away galaxies when we are collecting photons from only a few individual stars.

If you look at a galaxy from the ground, you'll notice that the light coming from the star is coming from a lot of different wavelengths. 

The light from the stars is coming in at different wavelengths, so you can see the details of the galaxy.
Halloween, Thanksgiving, Christmas, and New Year's Day are all part of the same month.  

The reason they are all at the end of the month is because they are the last big holidays of the year.  In the US, the first day of school is the last day of the school year, so it's the first big holiday of the fall.  It's also the last week of school in the fall, so there's a lot of extra time for people to get things done before school starts.
Aluminum is produced by smelting bauxite, which is a type of rock that is found in the ground. 

The process is called the Bayer process.

Bauxite is a rock that has a certain amount of iron oxide in it.  The iron oxide reacts with other elements to form ferrosilicon and silicon carbide.  This reaction is called pyrolysis.  When the iron oxide is exposed to oxygen, it reacts with the other elements in the rock to form silicones, which are the raw materials that are used to make aluminum.
Iraq is currently in the middle of a civil war. 

There is a lot of tension between the government of Iraq and the people of the country.

The government is trying to get rid of the Islamic State, which is a group of Sunni Muslims who have been fighting the government for years. The government is also trying to take control of the oil and gas fields in the country, which are controlled by the government. 


The people of Iraq are angry at the government because they feel that the government is not doing enough to protect them, and they want the government to leave them alone.
The Glasgow scale is a cognitive impairment scale.  It is used to assess the extent to which a person has lost the ability to communicate with others.  

Dementia, Alzheimer's, and other degenerative and mental health problems are caused by a number of factors, but the Glasgow Scale is a good measure of how much the person is losing their ability to understand and communicate.

Alzheimer's and dementia are the most common of these, but there are many other mental illnesses that can cause dementia, such as schizophrenia, depression, and bipolar disorder.  The Glasgow Scale can be used to
You don't need drivers for mouse and keyboard drivers. 

The reason they don't require drivers is because they are built into the operating system, not the hardware itself.

When you install windows, you are installing a new version of the OS.  The operating system doesn't need a driver for the hardware, it just needs to know what it needs to be able to do.  If you want to use a mouse or keyboard that doesn't have a driver, you need to write a new driver for it.
They are timed and based on pressure.

The pressure of the road is measured by a sensor in the ground. 

When you stop at a stop light, the sensor tells the light that there is a car in front of you, and the light switches to green.  When you start to accelerate, the light turns to red, and when you stop, it switches back to green, and so on.
If you were standing at the north or south pole, you would have to walk in a perfectly straight line for a long time before you would reach the equator.

If you stood at the south pole and walked in a straight line, you'd have to travel a very long distance to get there, and then walk back to the north pole.
Because it's the name of the team's stadium, not the city they play in.
It's a way to raise money for a good cause.  It's also a way for you to get out of your house.  If you work, you can do something productive, like work and donate the money, while still raising awareness.

If you don't work, then you can spend your time doing something productive.
Allergies are caused by your immune system. 

Your body's immune system has a certain type of protein called IgE. IgE is a type of antibody that binds to certain proteins in the food you eat.

When you eat peanuts, IgE binds to a protein called Cupin, which is a protein that is found in nuts. When you eat nuts, your body releases histamine, a chemical that causes your body to release histamine. This is what causes you to sneeze and wheeze.
Putin is not a communist in any way. He is a member of the Communist Party of Russia, but he is not an official member of any political party. 

He is the leader of the ruling party, the United Russia party, and he is the President of the Russian Federation.
Your skin is made up of a bunch of different types of cells. Some of them are called epithelial cells, some are called keratinocytes, and others are called melanocytes. 

When you get a cut, the cells in your skin are called epithelial cells. They are the ones that are responsible for covering the wound, and they are the cells responsible for repairing the damage.
The price of gold is determined by supply and demand. 

Gold is used as a store of value for jewelry and other things that people want to protect against inflation.

The price fluctuates because gold is used in a lot of different things, and the demand for it is very high.  
 
Gold has a finite supply, and there is a finite amount of gold in the world, so the price of it fluctuates constantly.
When you observe a particle, you are seeing it in a different way than when you are observing it. 

Imagine that you are looking at a piece of paper.  You see it as a wave.  When you look at it, you can see that it looks like a wave, but when you see it in real life, you see a wave that looks like the wave you see when you're looking at it.

When you see the paper, you don't see the wave that you think you see.  What you see is a wave with a different shape.  It looks like it
You can take the car home, pay off the loan, then have the bank decide not to finance the car.
Floaters are caused by the vitreous humour in your eye shrinking as it ages. The fluid in your eyes is constantly being squeezed out of your eye by the muscles in the back of the eye. When the fluid is squeezed out, it forms a pool of water, and when the water starts to drain out of the pool, it starts to pool back in.

When your eyes are young, the fluid in them is still there, but as they age, the water in the pool is no longer able to squeeze out as much water as it used to, so the pool starts to fill up with water
It's not a r/videos question, it's a question about a video.

_URL_0_
It is a political party.  It is the political party of the Social Democratic Party (SPD).  They are the largest party in Germany.  They have a majority in the Bundestag, which is the lower house of the German parliament.  

The party is the largest political party in the German Parliament.  The party has a majority of seats in the Bundesrat (the upper house of parliament).  The Bundesrat is the legislature of the Federal Republic of Germany (Germany).  It has the power to pass laws, but it has to be approved by the Federal Constitutional Court.
Alphanumeric characters are easier to read, and easier to write down. 

It's also easier for a computer to read than it is for a human to read it.
REM sleep is a stage of sleep in which the brain is most active. It is the most common sleep cycle in humans. 

REM sleep occurs when the brain has a lot of activity in the brain stem, which is the part of the brain responsible for dreaming.

When you are awake, your brain is sending out signals to the rest of your body that tell it it's time to go to sleep. When you are asleep, your body goes into a sleep cycle called the REM sleep cycle. 


REM is the first stage of the sleep cycle, and it is the one that is most
I've had dreams where I've had sex before I've ever had sex in real life and it felt almost identical. 

I don't know what you mean by "almost identical".  I'm not sure what you're talking about.
When you go through ego death on psychedelics, you lose your sense of self. 

You lose all sense of reality.  You are no longer aware of the world around you, you are only aware of your own thoughts and feelings.

This is called "ego death".  It's a metaphor for the death of one's ego.  It means that the old ego must die before one can be reborn.
A hard drive is a piece of plastic with a magnetic platter on it. The platter is divided into sectors of data stored on one side of one of the sides of the disk, and the other side has a spindle motor that spins the disk. 

When the disk spins, it spins the platter, and when it spins, the computer reads the data from the disk and writes it to the computer.

If you want to know more about how a hard drive works, check out [this article](_URL_0_).
When you put ice cream in the freezer, it's already frozen. 

When it thaws, the ice cream is still frozen, but it's not as solid as it was when you put it in the fridge.
IPv6 is the successor to IPv4. 

IPv4 addresses are stored in the range 0 to 255.  IPv6 addresses are 32 bits long.

The problem with IPv6 is that it uses 32 bits for the host portion of the address, while the most significant 64 bits are used as the routing prefix.  This means that if you want to connect to a server with an IPv6 address, you need to add an octect in front of it.
The Electoral College is not a bad thing.  It's just a way to keep the balance of power in favor of the party with the most popular vote.  If the popular vote were split evenly, it would make it more difficult for a candidate to win the presidency.
I think it's because different languages have different ways of pronouncing the same sound. 

For example, when you hear a rooster's crow, it's a combination of two different sounds.

In English, we use the word "rooster" as a noun, and we use "crow" as an adjective, so we pronounce it as "crow".

However, in Native American languages, there's a lot of variation in the way the word is pronounced, so the rooster is pronounced differently.
It's not so much that they have "values" as it is that they want to be seen as a good company. 

Value is defined as the ability to make a profit.  It's not just about how much money they make, it's also about how they treat their employees and the people who work for them.

If you want to make money, you need to be able to make more money than your competitors.  If you're not able to do that, then you don't have any value.  You're not making enough money to pay your employees, so you have to
It's called the [Magnus effect](_URL_0_). It's caused by the fact that when you're drunk, your sense of proprioception (the part of your brain that controls your balance) is confused by the amount of alcohol in your blood. When you drink alcohol, your brain thinks you're going to fall down, but you're actually going to stay up, so your brain interprets this as if you're falling down.

When you're not drunk, you don't have this problem, but when you are, you do. It's called "the spins".
Static fire is when the first stage of the rocket is ignited, but the second stage is not. 

The first stage is the main engine.  It is the one that drives the rocket.  The second stage, the oxidizer, is the rocket's secondary engine.

When the rocket first starts up, it has a fire in it that ignites the oxidizers.  This ignites some of the propellant, which causes it to burn.  When it does this, it ignites enough of it to ignite the second and third stages, which are the ones that are used to launch
I'm not sure what you mean by unattractive, but I think it has something to do with the fact that we are attracted to people who are physically attractive, even if they are in healthy condition. 

If you look at a picture of a beautiful woman, you will notice that she has a lot of freckles on her face, which is a sign that she is physically attractive. If you see a photo of someone who is in poor health, you are more likely to notice that they are unattractive.
Comic Sans was created by a guy named John Connare. He was a graphic designer who wanted to create a font that was easy to use and easy to write in. He decided to make it look like a comic book font, but it was too formal and formal. He also wanted it to look like it was meant to be a joke, so he added a lot of extra ornaments and symbols to it.

The result is that it looks like a mess. It's not a bad font, it's just that it's too formal.
The stock market is not a pyramid scheme.

There are pyramid schemes, but they are run by people who are not professional investors. 

A pyramid scheme is run by a group of people who charge a lot of money to sell shares of a company to people who don't know what they're talking about.
It's a safety thing.  

In the US, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) required speedometers to have special emphasis on the number 55 and a maximum speed of 85 mph (140km/h).  This is because it's easier for a driver to see if they are going faster than the speed limit, and it's safer for them to be able to tell if they're going faster or not.
You are not immune to your ISP selling your search history.  

Your ISP can track your internet usage, but they can't sell it to advertisers.  They can sell your browsing history to search engines, but that's not the same as selling your web browsing history.
The tree is very thick, and the snake was able to climb it. 

_URL_0_

If you want to know how the snake got inside the tree, you need to look at this picture: _URL_1_
Arthritis is caused by inflammation in the joints. 

When it rains or storms, the pressure changes in the air around the joints cause them to ache.
The boiling point of water is 100C or 212F but is lower with the decreased atmospheric pressure found at higher altitudes.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it has something to do with the fact that when you equip an item, it binds you to it. 

When you buy an item in a loot box, you're not just buying it for the sake of getting it, but you're also buying it because you want it.

If you don't want it, then you can't get it.
They don't physically buy it and then upload it.

They buy it, they buy it from someone who knows how to track it, and then they sell it to someone who can track it.
The wider the wheel, the more traction it will have.

The narrower the tire, the less traction it has.
I think it has to do with the amount of nutrients available to your body at any given point in time.

When you train for an exercise, your body needs to replenish the nutrients at a rate fast enough to maintain maximum force for long. 

If you train hard enough for a long enough period of time, you will eventually reach the point where your body can no longer replenish enough nutrients to maintain the maximum force you are capable of producing.
I think it has something to do with the fact that big dogs are used to being chased by small dogs. They're used to chasing them, and they don't like being out of their way.
Airlines don't get away with not refunding you ticket money if you end up not being able to travel (i.e. don't receive goods you pay for)?
The Warsaw Pact was a military alliance that was formed after World War II to counter the Soviet Union's expansion eastward. It was formed in order to provide a blanket of security for Western European nations, Canada, and the United States against the Soviet union. 

It was a counter to the North Atlantic Treaty, which was a treaty between the US and the USSR that was signed after the end of the Cold War.

In the early days of the Warsaw Pact, the USSR had a lot of nuclear weapons, and they wanted to use them to expand their influence in Europe. The US and other NATO countries
Hair follicles are made up of proteins called keratin. When you remove hair from your head, the proteins in your hair fall out of the hair follicle. 

When you remove the hair, the keratin falls out of your hair follicles, and the proteins that make up the hair grow back.

The keratin is a protein that helps keep your skin moisturized, and when it falls out, it makes your skin swell up. The result is an influx of water into the hide/skin, and a marked increase in fibre diameter and fibre shortening.
They don't. 

They hire private security firms to protect their family members.  They hire private investigators to track down the kidnappers and track them down.  If they don't find them, they are released.
Water has a lot of minerals in it. 

Some of these minerals are dissolved in the water, and some are dissolved by evaporation.

When water evaporates, it breaks down the water molecules into smaller molecules.  These smaller molecules can be absorbed by the water.  This is why water is so good at washing things.  The water molecules are attracted to each other, and the water is able to break them down.  When the water stops being able to do this, the molecules are no longer attracted to one another.  Instead, they're attracted to the water itself.
You have to work all that muscle back, but it's not like you have to do a ton of work to get it back. 

Your abs are not rock hard, they're just a result of your metabolism.  When you get pregnant, your metabolism slows down, and your body has to adjust to the lack of food and water.  Your body is not used to not being able to use all the muscle it has, so it takes a while for it to get back to normal.
Tattoo artists can't sue a company for using an athlete's image. 

They can sue the artist for copyright infringement, but that's not the same thing as trademark infringement.

Copyright infringement is when a company uses an artist's image in a copyrighted work, and the artist doesn't have the right to sue the company for it. 


Take-Two is suing Solid Oak Sketches for using LeBron James' image in their video game, but they're not suing the artist, they're suing the tattoo artist.
Fruitflies don't just magically appear.  They are attracted to fruit because it is a source of nectar.  If you eat a banana, it will attract them.
I think it's because you're standing on the left side of the escalator. 

If you stand on the right side, you can't see the person in front of you, so you have to move to the left to allow them to pass.
When the lid is removed, the liquid is no longer a liquid, it's a solid. 

When you put it in the freezer, the water evaporates from the liquid, and the liquid becomes a solid, which is why it freezes instantly.

If you put a glass of Powerade in the fridge for a few hours, it will stay a liquid because the liquid evaporates.
Gradients and curls in vector calculus are two different things. 

A gradient is a measure of the distance between two points.  If you have a vector f(x,y) and a curve C(x) in the x-y plane, the gradient is the distance from the point where the two points are at the same angle.

Curls are a measurement of the area of the curve.  When you curl a vector, you are multiplying it by the area between the points where it is at a different angle.  For example, if you take a vector F(x),
The economy is not "bad" in the sense that it is "so bad".  It is bad because the US is in a recession.  

The problem is that the US has a huge amount of debt.  The US is a very large country, with a lot of people with lots of money and lots of jobs.  This means that people are spending more money than they have, which means that they have less money to spend on things like food, clothing, housing, and other things that make them happy.

In the past, the US was able to get away with this because
Deep Throat was a character in the movie Deep Throat.  He was a CIA agent who worked for the Nixon Administration.  During the Watergate scandal, he was one of the most trusted people in the White House.

He was the guy who was given access to the president's private conversations, and he was the one who told Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein that the president was being blackmailed by the Russians.  

Woodward had access to a lot of information about the president and the inner workings of the administration.  Woodward was able to get access to many of the presidents private conversations and recordings, and Bernstein was given the opportunity to talk to the President himself
It's a combination of things.

1. Your metabolism slows down as you get older. 

2. Your body needs to eat more calories to maintain its weight. 


3. You're not eating enough calories to keep up with your body's metabolism, so you need to eat a lot more calories in order to maintain your weight.
Right-wing is the term used to refer to people who believe that the government should be in charge of the economy.

Left-wing means that they believe that government should not be involved in the economy, and should be limited by the individual.



Liberal means that government shouldn't be involved at all. 

Conservative means that it should be the individual's responsibility to make sure that the economy is run properly, and that it doesn't interfere with the rights of others. 


Left means that people should be able to do whatever they want, and not be restricted by the government.
It depends on the type of camouflage. 

Dazzle camouflage is a form of camouflage in which a ship is painted in one or more colors in order to obscure or confuse an enemy's visual observation of the ship.

Breathe in and out of the water, and you'll notice that the water is a darker color than the ship's hull. This is because the water reflects off the hull, and reflects off of the paint. 


Light from the sun hits the paint, and it reflects back to the ship, making it appear darker than it actually is.  This makes it
Thaksin Shinawatra is the current Prime Minister of Thailand. He is the son of the former Prime Minister, Thaksin's brother-in-law. He has been in power for over 30 years and has been accused of corruption and mismanagement of the country. 

Yingluck Yingluck is the daughter of the late Prime Minister Yingluck Chan-o-cha, who was overthrown in a coup d'tat in the late 90s.

The current government is led by a man named Abhisit Vejjajiva, who is a member of the ruling party
The method does not control area at infinitesimal scales or even within those regions.

It does control area, but it doesn't control the size of the image. 

If you're looking at a map of the world, and you want to know where you are, you need to know how far away you are from the center of the map.  If you're trying to figure out where you're at, you have to know the distance between the center and the center, and the distance from the centre to the center.
DirectX is a set of APIs that are designed to make it easier for your computer to render 3D objects on the screen. OpenGL is an open source graphics API that is designed to allow you to use your computer's graphics hardware to draw 3d objects. 

DirectX does a lot of things like:

1. It allows you to draw objects in 3D.

2. It makes it easier to render objects on your computer.
3. It can be used to draw things like 3D polygons, polygons and polygons.
4. It lets you draw objects on
Because the NFL is a monopoly. 

The antitrust laws apply to the NFL because it's a monopoly, and because the NFL has a monopoly on the broadcast rights to the game.

If you want to sue the NFL, you have to prove that they are breaking the antitrust laws. 


The NFL has been doing this for a long time, but it's only recently that antitrust laws have been applied to football.  The NFL was not subject to antitrust laws until the merger of the NFL and the NFLPA in the 1970s, and it's been doing it ever since.
We don't notice rubber on the roads because we are used to it. We don't see it because it's not there.
Airlines overbook because they want to make sure they have enough seats for all the people who have tickets to be able to get on the flight. 

If they don't have enough people to fill the seats, they can't make enough money to pay for the flights.
Cancer is caused by a number of things. 

1. We don't know exactly what causes it.

2. There is a lot of genetic variation in the body that causes it to grow and spread, and we don't really know how to treat that.
3. There are many different types of cancer, and they all have different causes.
4. Some cancers are caused by mutations in the DNA of the cells that cause them to grow.
5. We do not know what causes some cancers to grow, so we can't treat them.
6. We can't cure
I think it has something to do with skin tone. When humans started to migrate away from the tropics, there was less exposure to sunlight, partly due to clothing to protect against cold weather. 

We evolved to be able to survive in the cold because of our skin tone, but we also evolved to live in warmer climates, so we evolved to have darker skin to protect us from the sun.
Because you're not in a situation where you need to shoot as soon as possible.

If you're in a gunfight, you're going to need to be able to see your target. You're not going to have time to think about what you're doing.
The economy is by almost every metric better than it was when Bush left office. 

Obama has been bad for the economy because he has cut taxes, increased spending, and cut regulations.

Bush was bad because he cut taxes and increased spending.
Your eyes are made up of photoreceptors. 

When you're wearing a light colored shirt, your eyes are receiving light from your skin, and your skin is absorbing the light from the sun.  Your eyes are also receiving a lot of light from other things, and the light is bouncing off of your skin.

Your skin absorbs the light and reflects it back to your eyes.  When you're not wearing light colored clothing, your skin doesn't absorb as much light as it does when it's not.  This means that your skin absorbs more light than it reflects back.  The
First past the post is a voting system where you vote for the candidate with the most votes. 

If you have a majority of the votes, you get to choose who you want to represent your constituency.

But if you have less than 50% of the vote, you have to go through a second round of voting, where the candidates with the fewest votes are eliminated, and the votes are transferred to the voters next preferred candidate until one candidate has at least half of the remaining votes.
I think it's because they're trying to get people to spend more money during the fall and winter months. 

It's not that they hate it, it's just that they want to sell more stuff during that time.
It's not a taste, it's a chemical reaction.

Hot sauce contains capsaicin, which is a naturally occurring chemical that causes a reaction in your tongue. 

When you eat spicy foods, your tongue is exposed to a lot of chemicals that cause it to feel hot. Some of these chemicals are called "spicy" or "spicier".

Capsaicin is one of the chemicals that causes this reaction, but it's not the only one. There are other chemicals that can cause the same reaction, such as allyl isothiocyanate, which causes
I think it has to do with the shape of the core of the pencil. White colored pencils have a hard core, while black ones have a soft core. 

When you write with a black colored pencil, you are drawing with a sharpened lead, which means that the lead has to be sharpened to the point that it can break.  White colored pens have a softer core, which makes them easier to hold.
When you eat too much, your body releases hormones that make you feel full. 

When you lose weight, you release leptin, which is a hormone that tells your body that you need to eat more.

Your body doesn't want you to gain weight, it wants you to lose weight.
Deriving on a particular point of a function. 

A normal derivative is the difference between a normal derivative and deriving on the particular point.  For example, let's say you have a function x = 0, and you want to know what the value of x is at that point.

Let's say that you have x = 1, and y = 0.  You can calculate the derivative of x by looking at the graph of x and y.  The graph of the graph is the slope of this linear function, and the approximation is:  for.

If you look at
I think it has to do with the fact that we are used to seeing the world at night, and we have evolved to be able to see in the dark.

Nocturnal and deep-ocean creatures don't have that ability, so they have to rely on the light of the moon to find their way around.
They don't get to profit off of it. 

They get to make money from it.
I think it has to do with the fact that we have a very short nasal cavity, which allows the smell of food and drinks to travel from our mouths to our noses before it reaches our noses. 

If you have bad breath, it's because your mouth is full of bacteria, and bacteria can't get through your mouth to your nose, so it's easier for the bacteria to get through to your nasal cavity.
It depends on the language. 

In the case of the US, the US government recognizes English as the official language of the United States.

The US government also recognizes French and German as official languages of Germany.
A quantum computer is a computer that is set in a superposition of "not running" and "running" states by means such as the Quantum Zeno Effect. 

Imagine you have a piece of paper with a bunch of numbers written on it.  Each number is in a different state.  If you want to know how many numbers are in a given state, you need to know the number of bits in the paper.  So you could write out a list of all the numbers in a list, and then you would need to figure out how to write them out.

The problem is that
I don't know the exact science behind it, but I think it has something to do with the amount of time it takes for the body to metabolize the drug.

When you take a large dose of a drug, it takes a long time for your body to get used to it. Your body has a lot of time to adjust to it, and it takes time for the drug to get into your bloodstream. When it does, your body starts to feel the effects of the drug, but your brain doesn't have time to process it all. 

This is why people overdose so often.
I don't think you should worry about companies (such as FB and Google) data-mining your Internet profiles.  

They are not allowed to do so.  They are allowed to sell your data to advertisers, but they can't sell it to governments.
It's a safety thing.

When a ship is being built, the ship is designed to be able to withstand a lot of water.  If it's not, it will sink.  When it's finished, it can be towed to a place where it's safe to be launched.  It's also safer to launch it into the ocean than to anchor it in a harbor.  

If it's too big to be towed into a harbor, then it can sink.
The Syrian Civil War is a civil war between the government forces and the rebels. 

The Syrian government forces are led by Bashar al-Assad, who is a member of the Alawite sect.  The rebels are mostly comprised of Sunnis, who are opposed to his rule.  They have been fighting him since 2011, and are supported by the US, Russia, and Iran.
Homeopathy is based on the idea that if you take a small amount of something, it will make you feel better. 

The problem with homeopathy is that it doesn't work.

Homeopathy has been shown to be ineffective in a number of studies, and has been found to have a placebo effect.
I think it's because repetitive use of other muscles makes them stronger. 

When you type, you're using a lot of different muscles.  You're using them all at the same time.  When you use one muscle, you are using it all at once.

If you use the same muscles all the time, it's going to wear them out.
Racism is a systematized form of oppression. 

There are many forms of racism, and there are many different types of racism.

1. State-sponsored racism - that is, racism that is carried out by a government or a group of people in order to maintain control over a minority group. This is called "state sponsored racism".

2. Cultural racism - the belief that a group is inferior to another group because they share certain traits, such as race, and that they are less able to function in society. 


3. Ethnic racism - people who are not
Electrostatic discharge is caused by the conductivity of the metal. 

Electromagnetism is a phenomenon that occurs when electricity is constantly flowing through a material.  When electricity is flowing through the metal, it causes the metal to become dielectric, which means that it conducts electricity.  This means that when electricity flows through a metal, the electrons are attracted to it.

When electricity is not flowing through, the metal is not being attracted to the electricity, it is being attracted by the electrons.  The metal is a conductor, and the electricity is being transferred through it.
The government subsidizes the production of corn so that it can be turned into ethanol, which is used to make biodiesel.

Ethanol is a form of corn syrup that can be used as a fuel source. 

The government does this by subsidizing the price of corn, which in turn makes it more expensive for farmers to grow corn.
A warrant is a written order from the government to pay a certain amount of money to a certain person or entity. 

It's usually a check, but it can be issued by the government.

The reason it's difficult to obtain is because the government doesn't have the authority to enforce it.  It's not like they can just issue a check and say "hey, you owe me $10,000, I'll pay you."  They have to have a warrant that says they're going to pay you, and they have to give you a specific date for when that date is.
I think it's a defense mechanism. When something unexpected happens, we instinctively hold our heads up in a way that makes us feel secure and secure. 

I'm not sure if it's innate or learned, but I'm guessing it's both.

_URL_0_
The US women's national team is the most successful in the history of the World Cup, having won four titles, earning second-place once and third-place finishes three times. 

The reason for this is because they have the best players in the world, and the best coaching staff.
It's a combination of factors. 

1. The fire is burning in a very dry area, with very little fuel.

2. There is a lot of dead vegetation in the forest, which makes it very difficult to fight. 


3. The wind is very strong, and the fire is moving very fast.


4. The ground is very dry, so it's very difficult for the fire to spread to the ground, so the fire has to burn in the air.


5. The air is very hot, so there is very little water available to fight the fire
Executive orders are written by the President.  They are not written by Congress, they are issued by the president.

Congress has the power to pass laws, but the President has the authority to make executive orders.  The Constitution gives the president broad executive and enforcement authority to use their discretion to decide how to enforce the law or to otherwise manage the resources and staff of the executive branch.
Lumens are a measure of the amount of light emitted by a light bulb.

Watts are a measurement of how much energy is being used to power a lightbulb. 

Lumen is the measurement of light output.
If you're looking for a new car, go to a used car dealership.  

They will have a list of cars for sale, and you can compare them to the ones they have on their website.  If they have a good deal, they will give you an estimate of the price of the car and how much it will cost to buy.

If they don't have any good deals, you can call them up and ask them if they have any deals they can give you.
Fossil fuels are more expensive to produce than electricity.

Electric cars are more environmentally viable because they don't need to be powered by fossil fuels. 

They use batteries, which are cheaper to produce and use than fossil fuels are to produce.
Alcohol is a depressant. It makes you feel good, it makes you happy, it gives you a sense of accomplishment, and it helps you feel like you have accomplished something. 

It's also a social lubricant. If you drink too much, you'll feel like shit, and if you don't drink enough, you won't feel good.
It's not that they're expensive, it's that they have to hire the right people to narrate them. 

A lot of the time, the people who narrate the audiobook are paid for their time, and they're paid a lot of money for it.  They're also paid for the time it takes to record the audio, which can be a lot more expensive than the cost of the book itself.

Also, audiobooks are written in such a way that the narrator has to be paid for his/her time, so it's not like they can just hire someone to
It's because of the size of the memory. 

An 8bit device has less space than a 16bit device, so it takes up more space.

A 16 bit device has more space than an 8 bit device.
It's not that education isn't free, it's just that the government doesn't have the money to pay for it.  

There are a few reasons for this:

1. Education is not free.  It's subsidized by the government.  The federal government pays for it, but it's not free for everyone.  If you want to go to college, you have to pay a lot of money into the system.

2. The government is not the only source of money for education.  There are many private and public schools that provide free or low-cost education.
A boomerang has two wings, one on each side. When you throw it, you're using the air to lift it up. 

When you throw a Frisbee, the air is pushing down on one side of the Frisbees wings, and the other side is pushing up on the other.  This creates lift.  When the two wings are pushed up, they create lift on the top of the frisbee.  If you're throwing a Boomerang, you are using both wings to create lift.

If you're not throwing it in the right direction, you
Bacteria have evolved to be able to break down antimicrobials into smaller molecules that can be absorbed by their cells. 

When you take a drug, it breaks down the molecules that make up the antibiotic, and the smaller molecules are absorbed by the bacteria.  This is called antibiotic efflux.
Airfare goes up as the date of the journey nears because airlines have to sell more tickets.

If you buy a ticket a few days before the flight, it's cheaper to get a ticket for the flight than if you wait until the day of the flight to buy it.
Caucasians seem to get more variation in eye color (blue/green/black/brown), and darker skinned people tend to have mostly black and brown and barely green or blue.
The threshold between quantum and Newtonian physics is very close. 

If you want to know where the threshold is, you need to look at the [BoseEinstein condensate](_URL_0_).

This is a really cool experiment that shows the difference between classical and quantum physics.

Imagine you have a bunch of atoms and molecules, and you have to measure their mass and energy.  If you measure the energy of the atoms, you will find that they have a lot more energy than you think they do.  This is because they have more mass and more energy
I think it has to do with the fact that cats are much bigger and stronger than dogs, and they are more likely to fall asleep on the bed.

Dogs don't like to sleep on the floor, they like to be on the couch or on a bed.
When you look down at your phone, your eyes are telling your brain that the car is moving, your brain is telling your body that it's not.

Your brain interprets that as motion sickness.
They don't know it's been shaved. 

Your eyebrow hair is a stem cell follicle.  When you shave it, the stem cells that make up your eyebrow hair stop growing.  The hair follicle that makes up your arm hair doesn't know you've shaved it, so it doesn't grow back.
I'm not an expert on the subject, but I can give you a few theories:

1. They are usually stabbed in the back or neck to stop the heart from pumping out of the heart. 

2. They get electrocuted, which causes the heart to stop beating.

3. They may be stabbed in their head to stop it from pumping blood out of their head, which stops them from being able to breathe.
Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band is a great album.  It's not just about the music, it's about the people who wrote it.  

It's about a group of people who are trying to figure out who they are and what they want to do with their lives.  They're trying to find their place in the world, and they're doing it in a way that makes them feel like they belong.
It doesn't. 

If you're sorting by "controversial", you're looking for things that are controversial because they have a lot of people talking about them.

For example, if I'm watching a movie, and I see a scene where a character says something that's controversial, I'm going to look for the scene where the character says it, and if I find that scene, I'll look for that scene in the movie.
It's not the depth that matters, it's the amount of water resistance that matters.

If you're talking about water resistant watches, they're designed to withstand the shock of being submerged in water for a short period of time, but they're not designed to be submerged for long periods of time.
When you get a bad news, your body sends signals to your brain telling you that something is wrong. Your brain interprets these signals as pain, which is why you feel it in your chest and stomach.
Humans are not a single species, we are a species complex. 

We are not just humans.  We are a part of a group of animals that are all related to each other, and we are all part of the same species.

The reason we have multiple species and breeds is because we evolved to be omnivores.  If you want to know why we are different from other animals, you need to look at the way we live.  Humans have a lot of traits that other animals don't have.  For example, we have a large number of genes that allow us to
I think it has to do with the fact that when you're listening to a movie, your ears are used to hearing the dialogue at a lower volume than when you are listening to action scenes. 

When you hear the dialogue, you're hearing it at a higher volume than you are hearing the action.
Professional means that they have a degree in a specific field. 

For example, if you want to be a doctor, you need to have a doctorate in medicine.

If you are a lawyer, you have to be able to handle complex legal issues.
I think it's because it's a safety feature. 

Elevators have to stop at half the total number of floors, or at an intermediate level between a pair of floors; for example a lift of a 24-storey building would only stop at 12 levels, with staircases used to access the "upper" or "lower" level from each intermediate landing.
The Falcon 9 is a V/STOL aircraft. 

A ship is designed to support fixed wing aircraft such as the Bell-Boeing V-22 Osprey and Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II; although neither the Ministry of Defense nor the JMSDF have mentioned the possibility of introducing fixed-wing aircraft.
I think it has to do with the way the nerves in your body work. 

When you get a cut, your body sends signals to your brain telling it that something is wrong, and your brain interprets that as pain.  
 
If you get hit by a car, your brain sends a signal to your body telling you that you are in pain, but your body doesn't know what is wrong with you, so it takes a few minutes for your brain to process that information.

With a major injury, the brain doesn't have time to process the information, so your body
They don't have to.  They don't need to pay for it.  It's just a way for them to make a profit.
Your body temperature is regulated by the hypothalamus, a region of the brain linking the endocrine system to the nervous system, and more specifically by the anterior hypothalamic nucleus and the adjacent preoptic area regions of your hypothalamus. The hypothalamus sends out nerve impulses, activating the relevant aforementioned mechanisms of vasodilation, vasoconstriction and/or sweating when body temperature rises above or below the set-point temperature (~37C) in the body. 

When your body temperature reaches 36C, the hypothalamic region of your brain sends out a signal to your brain to start the vasodilator, which activates your sweat glands, which in turn activates your body's thermoregulation system
It's not a conspiracy theory, it's just that the federal government doesn't want you to be able to legally buy and sell marijuana. 

The federal government has a lot of money, and they don't want to lose it.

It's also not that marijuana is illegal in most of the US.  It's that it's a Schedule I drug, which means that it has a high potential for abuse and has no accepted medical use.
I'm not sure what you're talking about. 

There are a lot of different types of insecticides.  Some are designed to kill all the same insects, some are designed for specific species, and some are made for specific types of insects.  For example, if you want to kill wasps, you have to make sure that the chemical is specific to the type of wasp you're looking for.

If you're trying to kill ants, you might want to use a different type of insecticide.  If you're going to use Raid, you want it to be specific to ants
There are a lot of things stopping people from building their own smartphones. 

1. The cost.

If you want to build your own phone, you have to buy it from a reputable manufacturer. You can't just go to a hardware store and pick up a phone that costs $100. You have to pay a manufacturer to make it for you, and pay them to make sure it's good enough for you to use. If you don't have the money, you can't buy a phone from a company that makes $100 phones, and if you do, you'll have to deal with the
It's called syncro-vox. It's a technique that allows actors to record their lips moving in sync with the camera, and then re-record them. 

It's a lot easier to do than it sounds.
Money is a measure of value. 

It's a unit of account.  It's the currency that tells you how much something is worth.  If you want to buy something, you have to prove that it's worth something.

If you don't have money, you can't prove that you're worth anything.  You can't show that you have something that's worth $1,000, but you can show that $1000 is worth $10,000.  That's how money works.
We know our galaxy is spiral because we can see it. 

We know it's spiral because it's the center of the Milky Way galaxy, and we can't see it from the rest of the galaxy.

The reason we know it is spiral is because we've observed it for thousands of years. 


_URL_0_
It's because they were built on top of the ground. 

When you build a house, you're building on top or below the surface of the earth, and the ground is very soft, so you have to dig down a lot to get to the bottom of the building.

If you build on the surface, you can't dig down deep enough to reach the bottom.  You have to go down to the bedrock, which is much deeper than the surface.
Affirmative action is a way for schools to make sure that they don't discriminate against people based on their race, gender, or other factors. 

For example, if you're applying for a job at McDonalds, you have to prove that you are a qualified applicant, and that you have a track record of being able to do the job.

If you're trying to get into a university, you need to show that you're a good student, that you can get a job, and have a good track record.  If you don't have that track record, you can't get
When you're lying down, your sinuses are constricted.  When you stand up, you're not constricting them.  This causes them to open up, which causes your nose to get stuffed up.
It's called [synovia](_URL_0_) and it's caused by cavitation. 

Basically, when you flex your joints, you're increasing the pressure between the joints, which causes them to contract. This causes the fluid in the joint to expand, which is what causes the sound.
I think it has to do with the fact that it's an uneven surface. When you look at a picture on the wall, your eyes are used to looking at it from a certain angle, so when it's uneven, your brain interprets it as being tilted. 

When you're looking at something from a different angle, it's easier for your eyes to adjust to that angle, but your brain is used to seeing things in a straight line, so it's hard for your brain to adapt to an angle.
The fear of a government shutdown has mostly disintegrated following Boehner announcing his departure as speaker.

Boehner was forced to lead a shutdown over the implementation and funding of the Affordable Care Act (aka Obamacare).

The House of Representatives has a lot of conservative members who are unhappy with the ACA and want to get rid of it.  They don't want the government to shut down over it.
It doesn't. 

It's called salting out.

When you put salt on food, it breaks down some of the water in the food into salt and water molecules, which your body then excretes as water.
I think it has to do with the amount of moisture in the burrito. 

When you cook a burrito, you're using a lot of water, which means you need to spread it out a lot more evenly.

If you're cooking two burritos at the same time, you'll have to spread the water out more evenly than if you were cooking one burrito at a time.
I don't know about you, but I think it has something to do with the way your brain works. 

When you're learning to write, your brain has to learn how to use your hand to move the pen.  It's a very basic skill, but it takes a lot of practice and practice.  If you don't learn it early enough, you'll end up with a very bad handwriting.

It's also important to note that handwriting isn't just a physical thing, it's also an expression of your personality.  Your handwriting is a reflection of how you feel about yourself.
It was a referendum held in the middle of a civil war between Ukraine and Russia.  

Ukraine declared that Crimea was part of Ukraine, and Russia declared that it was not part of Russia.

Russia then invaded Ukraine and annexed the peninsula.  Ukraine declared that the annexation was illegal, and that it would not be recognized by the international community. 

 >  Why did Crimea vote to join Russia?

Because it was the result of a referendum that was not recognized by Ukraine.  It was held under the pretext that the referendum was held in order to allow the Crimean Tatars to vote
Communism and socialism are two very different things. 

Communism is based on the idea that all people should have equal access to the means of production.

Socialism, on the other hand, is founded on the premise that everyone should have the right to the same amount of money.  This is a very simple idea, but it's not really true.  It's not that people don't have a right to money, it's that they don't want to be able to get it.  If you want to get money, you have to work for it, and if you don't
It doesn't take a photo of a specific point in time. It takes a picture of the room at a specific moment in time, and then uses the camera to record that moment.
If you are a citizen of the United States, you are not subject to the jurisdiction of the IRS.

If you were a citizen, you would not be subject to federal income tax. 

You are subject to state income tax, but not federal taxes.  If you were to go to prison in the U.S., you would have to pay federal income taxes on all of your income.
Socialism is a system of government control over the economy.  It's not a system that is inherently bad, it's just that it's a system where the government is in charge of everything. 

Capitalism is good, but it's not perfect.  Socialism is a way to make things more efficient.  The government is supposed to be the engine that drives the economy, but in reality it's the other way around.  If you want to have a good economy, you need to be able to compete with other people, and if you don't, you'll end up with a bad economy
Thorium has a higher thermal conductivity than uranium. 

Uranium is a heavy metal, meaning that it has a high melting point, which means that it is more prone to overheating.

Thorium, on the other hand, is a lighter metal, so it doesn't have the same problem with overheating, and can be used as a coolant.
Libertarian is a term used to refer to people who believe in limited government. 

Libertarianism is the opposite of liberalism.

Liberalism is a way to describe people who are anti-government, anti-institution, and anti-big government.
Oranges are not the same thing as humans.

Humans evolved from apes. Oranges are the result of a mutation in a gene that caused a mutation to occur in the gene that controls the color of our skin. 

Oranges, on the other hand, evolved from a mutation that caused the gene to code for the color melanin, which is the pigment that makes our skin orange.
You would have a similar experience to having a bigger TV, if you sat closer to a smaller TV. 

Your eyes are used to looking at things from a certain angle.  If you sit closer to the TV, you will be able to see more detail, but you will have to look at it from a different angle.
Cats and dogs have a natural instinct to chase smaller animals that flee, an instinct common among cats.

Dogs, on the other hand, do not have this instinct. They are social animals, and they are social creatures. They need to be socialized.
Grape juice is made from the pulp of grapes. 

Water is made by filtering the water out of the grapes.

Concentrated grape juice is also made from grapes that have been crushed and blended into a liquid.
Depression is a mental illness, not a physical one. It's not something that can be cured, it's something that is caused by a chemical imbalance in the brain. It can be treated, but it's not a cure.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'll try to explain it. 

Game is a first person shooter. It's a game where you play as a single player, but you can also play as one of the many characters in a team, and you can choose to play as the leader of your team. You can also choose to be a boss, and if you want to be the leader, you have to earn the right to be able to do so.

There are a few things going on here:

1. The game has been criticized for being too difficult to
Yes, there is a governing body that controls who can send something in to space. It's called the Outer Space Treaty, and it was signed in 1959.

The treaty was signed by the USSR, the US, the UK, Russia, China, and the USSR. 

It's not a global body, it's a UN body.
It's not so much that the camera needs so much light, it's that it needs a lot of light.

When you take a slow motion picture, you're shooting at a very slow shutter speed.  The camera needs to be able to adjust the aperture and shutter speed to compensate for the amount of light hitting the lens.  

In order to do this, the lens needs to adjust its aperture to match the shutter speed of the camera.  If the aperture is too wide, the light will bounce off the lens and bounce back to the sensor.  When the lens is too small,
Content Aware Scaling is a way for your browser to detect if a video is being played at a certain resolution or bitrate on your device, and adjust the quality of the video accordingly. 

When you watch a video on your computer, your browser knows that the video you're watching is at a specific resolution and bitrate, so it can adjust the video's quality accordingly.

However, when you watch it on your phone, your phone doesn't know that it's playing a video at a particular resolution, so your browser has to figure out if it's capable of handling that video at that resolution
The Supreme Court is looking at a case about campaign finance. 

The case is about whether it's OK for a candidate to borrow money from their own campaign fund to pay off personal loans.  The FEC rules allow candidates to lend their campaigns unlimited amounts of their own money but they can only use funds raised after the election to repay up to $250,000 of outstanding personal loans to their campaign.

In this case, Ken Cuccinelli lent his campaign $475,000.  He had to pay it back within 20 days of the election, but he didn't have enough cash on hand to
The English language has been around for thousands of years. 

It's not that we decided that certain words were "bad" and shouldn't be used in social settings.  It's that they were used in a way that was socially unacceptable.

For example, the word "wanker" is considered profane in Britain, but it dates only to the mid-20th century.
It's a joke. 

_URL_0_
I'm from a different culture and I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it's because we eat noodles with cheese and cut up hot dogs for dinner while we adults eat meat and vegetables like kings.
Your stomach is made of cartilage and soft tissue. It has an opening in the center that allows air to pass through it. When you eat, you swallow a lot of food, and when you burp, you expel it through your mouth. 

When you belch, the air is forced out of your stomach through the opening, which causes it to growl.
The difference between tanks and tank destroyers is that a tank is a heavy tank, and a tank destroyer is a light tank. 

A tank is designed to be able to fight a tank. A tank destroyer, on the other hand, is a tank designed to destroy tanks.

Tanks are designed to fight enemy tanks, and destroy them. They're designed to take out enemy tanks with their own guns, but destroy them with other tanks. 


The main difference between a tank and a destroyer is the size of the tank. Tanks are designed for heavy fighting, while destroyers are designed
Your brain has a lot of short-term memories stored in your brain.  When you wake up, your brain is still processing the information from the dream, so it takes a few seconds to process it into long-term memory.
It's a learned trait, but it's also instinctual.  It's a way to communicate to others that you're happy.  When you smile, your brain releases hormones that make you feel happy.
Because it's coming from the Pacific Ocean. 

Typhoons are called typhoons because they are strong enough to make landfall on land.

Hurricanes are called hurricanes because they're strong enough that they make landfall in land.
When you boil water, it's not going to vaporize at the same time. 

It's going to take a long time for the water to reach the point where it's at its saturation temperature, which is when it's no longer a liquid, but a gas.
I'm not sure this makes any sense, but I'll try to explain it.

Carson is a neurosurgeon. He's a doctor, he's a Republican, and he's an evangelical Christian. 

He's a Christian, and his views are very conservative. He believes that the government should not be allowed to interfere with the decisions of the people, and that the people should be able to make their own decisions about how they want to live their lives. He also believes that we should not allow the government to interfere in our personal lives, and we should be free to make our own
Your mouth has a lot of bacteria that live in your mouth. When you brush your teeth, you are removing the bacteria that cause the taste.
The NFL owns the word "Super Bowl".  It's a trademark.  They don't want it to be associated with the NFL. 

Radio stations and TV channels are allowed to call it "The Big Game" or "The Super Bowl", but they're not allowed to use it as the title of the game.
I think it has to do with the fact that we are conditioned to dislike things that don't change. 

When you grow up, you learn to like things because they are familiar.  When you grow old, you get used to things that aren't familiar.
A proxy is a way for you to connect to a server outside of your country. 

Tor is a network that connects you to the server you want to access.

A VPN is a method of connecting to a VPN server outside your country, which is a secure network that encrypts the data sent to and from your computer.
When you hold the power button long enough, it turns on. 

It's not that the phone "knows" that you've held it long enough to turn it on, it's that it knows that you're holding it for a long enough period of time.
Laptops don't need to be able to use 3G/4G because they're not designed for it. They're designed for 2G/3G only.
Your body has two types of sensory receptors.  One that detects heat and one that detects cold.  When you touch something really cold, it takes a few seconds to register that it's cold.
Dogs don't wipe.  They don't need to.  

Dogs also don't eat their own poop, which is why they don't smell as bad as they should.
The hammer breaks the rubber seal between the glass and the rod that holds the door open. 

The hammer is designed to break the glass, not the rod.
Dyslexia is a learning disorder. It is caused by a difference in the way your brain processes sounds. 

It's not a problem with reading, it's a learning disability.

You can tell if you have dyslexia by looking at your handwriting. You can also tell if your handwriting is written in a way that makes it difficult for you to read.
It's not that they don't want to, it's just that they're not sure how many people are going to use it.  If you're talking to someone who lives in the UK, you can't use 4gLTE if you live in the US, and if you're calling someone in the Philippines, you're not going to be able to use 4GLTE.
When you're listening to music, your brain is trying to focus on one thing at a time. When you're watching TV, it's trying to keep up with everything else.
Yes, it's possible. 

In the US, there is a law called the Posse Comitatus Act, which prohibits the hiring of private armies by the federal government.  The act was passed by Congress after the Civil War, but it was never signed into law by the President.

The act prohibits the government from hiring private armies, but not the private military companies.  It is not illegal for the government to hire private armies.
It depends on a lot of things. 

1. Your last name is the first letter of your last name.

2. If you have a last name that is similar to your father's last name, you can usually tell if you are related to your mother's first name. For example, if your father was born in England, and your mother was from Russia, you might be related to a man named Ivan Pavlov, who had a first name that was similar to his father's name, so you can tell if they are related by their last name

3. If your father is
The commander of the base would have no way to contact any of his or her subordinates.  They would have to evacuate the base.  If they didn't evacuate, they would not be able to communicate with anyone.
It doesn't.  

Your car's odometer is based on the number of wheel rotations times the wheel circumference, which is a standard tire circumference.  If you change the size of your car's tires, you're changing the circumference of the circumference, so your mileage will change.
It's different from anabolic steroids because it's not anabolic at all. 

Anabolic steroids are anabolic because they increase the size and strength of your muscles, but creatine is an anti-anabolic because it reduces the size of your muscle cells.

Creatine is a diuretic, which means that it lowers the amount of creatine in your body, but not the size or strength of the muscles.
DNA is made up of two strands of DNA. 

When you take a sample of DNA, you divide it up into two groups.  One group is DNA that is shorter than the other, and the other group is longer than that.  You can tell which group is which by comparing the length of the DNA.

Now, if you want to compare two groups of DNA that are the same length, you can use a technique called PCR.  This is a method that uses a polymerase chain reaction (PCR) to amplify the DNA and then compare it to the DNA from the two groups
You wouldn't be conscious for several seconds after being decapitated. 

Your brain is still receiving oxygen from the blood vessels in your head.  If you were still conscious, your heart would still pump blood to your lungs, and your lungs would still be able to pump oxygen to your brain.

If you didn't have a pulse or breath, you wouldn't need to breathe.
It's not the pill itself, it's the way the drug is absorbed into your bloodstream.

When you take a pill, it goes down your throat through your esophagus, which is the part of your throat that contains the airway. When you swallow the pill, the drug goes down through your throat and into your stomach, where it is absorbed by your digestive system. 

If you swallow too much of the drug, you will feel it in your throat, but if you take too little, it will be in your stomach.
It depends on the bank.

If you have a bank account with one bank and another bank with another, the other bank will give the money to the first bank. 

For example, if you have an account with Bank A and Bank B, and you want to transfer money to Bank C, Bank C will give it to Bank A. 


But if you are with Bank B and Bank C has an account at Bank A, then Bank A will take the money from Bank C and give it back to Bank B.
Trolling is when someone deliberately disrupts a thread by posting something that is not intended to be a response to a comment. 

For example, if someone posts a comment that says "I'm not a racist" and then someone replies with "I am a racist", then they are trolling.

If someone posts "I don't think you're racist" then they're trolling, and if they post "I think you are racist" they are being malicious.
I'm not sure what you mean by "magic eye", but I think it has something to do with the way your brain interprets visual information. 

When you look at a picture, your brain is trying to make sense of what it sees.  Your brain has a bunch of different things going on.  It's trying to figure out what the picture is, and what it's supposed to look like, and how it's meant to be perceived.  If you're not paying attention to what you're looking at, it's not going to be able to figure it out.

If you
I'm not sure if it's a credible source of information, but I think it's just a way to prevent people from counterfeiting the document. 

_URL_0_
BCD (character encoding) is a way to represent binary numbers in a computer. 

Binary numbers are just a way of representing binary numbers.  They're not binary numbers, they're binary characters.

BCD works by taking the number of characters in the keyboard and converting them into binary digits.  For example, if you want to know how many letters there are in the alphabet, you punch a single punch and write down the number.  You can do this with any number of letters, but it's easiest to do it with binary.  If you punch the number 0, you
I don't know if this is true, but I think it's because they're trying to get you to spend more money on the app. 

If you make a purchase on Amazon and then leave the app, they'll show you ads on your newsfeed.
It's a combination of mechanical and electrical switches. 

The mechanical ones are the ones you see on the side of the tracks. The electrical ones are on the other side.

When a train approaches a crossing, it has to go through a set of gates.  The gates are set up so that the train can't cross the tracks at the same time.  If the gates are not set up correctly, the train will have to stop at a certain point.  This is done by using a switch.  When the train reaches the point where the gates need to be set up, it will
Office Depot is a company that provides a place for people to go to do their work. 

The problem is that it's not a place where you can do your work.

It's a place that is designed to be used by people who want to be able to get away from their desk, but who don't want to work in their own office.
Companies don't donate money to politicians that are almost never going to win.  They donate money because they want to influence the outcome of the election.  If they don't win, then they're not going to have a say in how the election is decided.
An elected government becomes a regime when the people vote for the leader of the party they want to lead the country.

An autocracy is when the government is not elected by the people.
Your brain has a finite amount of resources.  It can only handle a certain amount of work at a time.  When you play Skyrim, your brain has to deal with a lot of different things at once.  You can play Skyrim for hours without getting tired, but you can't play Skyrim all night without getting sleepy.

Your brain also has a limited amount of time to process information.  If you're reading a book or studying, you have to focus on it for a long time before you get sleepy, but if you're playing Skyrim, you only have a few hours to process it.
Radioactive fallout is the amount of radiation that is released by the explosion of a nuclear device. 

Most of it is short-lived radioisotopes, which can be absorbed by the human body, but some of it can enter the bloodstream and cause long-term damage.  
 
The amount of radioactivity released depends on the type of nuclear device used.  If the device is used to make nuclear weapons, it will release a lot of radioactive material.  Most of the time, it is released in the form of fission products, which are small amounts of radioactive isotopes that
Depression is a chemical imbalance in the brain. 

When you are depressed, your brain is trying to make itself better, but it can't.

It's not that it doesn't want to, it's just that it's trying to do so in a way that doesn't make sense to it.
It's because screens mix colors using different colors than printers. 

A computer monitor has a wider color gamut than a laser printer.  The difference is that a computer monitor's gamut is wider than a printer's.  A printer uses a narrower gamut, and a monitor uses a wider gamut.  This means that the color you see on the screen is not the same as the color on the printer.
Group theory is a branch of mathematics that deals with groups. 

A group is a collection of things that are related to each other.  For example, if you have a set of integers, you can think of a group as the set of all the integers in that set.

If you want to know how groups work, you need to know what groups are.  The simplest group is the Lie group, which is the group of integers that are connected to all the edges of a graph.  If you want more complex groups, you have to think of them as the groups of integers.
Gothic is a style of dress that was popular in Europe during the Middle Ages. It was a way for people to express their religious beliefs. 

In colder climates, it was more acceptable to dress gothic in colder climates.
Doping is the use of performance enhancing drugs to enhance the performance of an athlete. 

EPO (EPO) is a synthetic form of EPO. It increases the volume of red blood cells in your blood, which increases the amount of oxygen your body can carry to your muscles.

Erythropoietin is a drug that increases the number of hemoglobin (the red blood cell that carries oxygen) in your bloodstream, which helps your body transport more oxygen to the muscles.
There is a lot of oil in the Middle East, but not nearly as much as there is in other parts of the world. 

The reason is because it's a very fertile region, with lots of natural resources.  The Arabian peninsula is known as the "Kingdom of oil".  It's also known as "the cradle of civilization".  There are many other places in the world where there is oil, but it's not as abundant as in the Arabian peninsula.
It's not that teenagers want to play video games more than sex, it's that they are more likely to have sex when they are younger. 

It's also important to note that a lot of people don't have sex because they don't want to.
Saudi Arabia is a big oil exporter. They are also a big ally of the U.S.

Saudi Arabia has a lot of oil, which means that they have lots of money to spend on things like education, health care, and other things that are considered bad for the Muslim world. 

They also have a huge amount of influence in the region because they are the largest oil producer in the Middle East.  They are very important to the US because they control the oil shipping lanes through the Persian Gulf, which are vital to the economy of the region.  Also, they have a lot
Chemical weapons are different than regular ones.

Bombs are designed to explode. They are not designed to kill people, they are intended to kill animals.



Chemical warfare agents are designed so that they can be used as a buffer between the target and the air, so that the air will not be able to carry the gas. 

When you bomb a town, you are blowing up a building. You are not blowing up an animal, you're blowing up the air around it. The air around the town is not moving, so the gas can't get through the air to the
He owes 19 million dollars in back taxes.

He's not in jail because he's not guilty of any crime. He's been convicted of lying to the government about his income tax returns.
When you're out and about, your body is used to going to the bathroom when you're at home. You don't need to go to the toilet when you are near your home because you are used to it.
I'm not an expert, but I can give you a basic understanding of how it works.

SMS is a text messaging service. It's a way for your phone to send and receive text messages. 

When you send a text message, your phone sends it to the network, and the network sends it back to your phone.  The network sends the message back to you, and your phone receives it, and then sends it again to the other phone, and so on.  This is done over the air, so it doesn't take long for the message to get from one phone to
I'm not sure what you're talking about. 

A multivitamin is a combination of vitamins, minerals, and other nutritional elements.  It's not meant to be taken as a supplement, it's meant to serve as a dietary supplement.  The idea is that it will help you get the nutrients you need to live a healthy life.  If you eat a healthy diet, you'll get the same amount of vitamins and minerals as you would if you just ate a normal diet.  Multivitamins are just a way to supplement your diet.
When you press on the chest, you are increasing the pressure on the heart, which causes the heart to pump blood out of the heart and into the blood vessels in the lower body. This causes the blood to flow in the correct way.
Vevo is a service that allows artists to put their music on YouTube. 

It's a way for them to get a cut of the profits from their videos.

They don't have to pay the copyright holders for the rights to their music, they just have to get paid for the time it takes to make a video.
I think it has to do with a few things. 

1. The last few centuries have seen a lot of population growth, which means that there is a lot more food available for people to eat, so they have been able to grow taller.

2. In the middle ages, there was a lot less food available, so people grew taller, and the average height of men and women went down.
It depends on the state of the body. 

In the US, the body is dissectioned and the organs are removed.

There are two parts to an autopsy, an external examination and an internal examination.  The external examination is done by a pathologist, who will examine the body from all angles.  They will also take samples of the blood, tissue, organs, etc.  This is used to determine the cause of death and determine the manner of death.  If the body was found to have been stabbed or stabbed to death, the pathologist will perform an internal autopsy.
Your body has a lot of chemicals in it that make you feel dehydrated and terrible when you sleep, but when you wake up your body has less of those chemicals and you feel great. 

_URL_0_
It is printed by the Federal Reserve.  

The Federal Reserve has a contract with a company called the [Currency Press](_URL_0_) to print the currency.  The company is paid by the US government for the right to print currency, and they do this by selling it to banks.  They then sell the currency back to the government, which then sells it to other banks.

When the new currency is printed, it is put into circulation.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it has to do with technology.

Modern weapons are more powerful and more reliable than they were in the past, which means that they can be used more effectively. 

Also, there are a lot more people in the world now, so there are more places to fight. 


_URL_0_
The blackness of space is made of matter. 

It is made up of particles, mostly hydrogen and helium, but also neutrinos, dust, and cosmic rays.
It's not so much that the news is misinformative anymore, it's that the information is constantly changing. 

There are so many things going on in the world that it's hard to keep up with all of it.

For example, there's a lot of fake news out there.  It's not just fake news that's out there, but it's fake news because it's being spread by people who don't care about the truth.
It's possible, but it's not practical. 

Solar power is not a reliable source of energy.  It's not even reliable enough to generate enough energy to power a house.

Wind power is.  There are a few places in the world where wind farms are being built, but they're not generating enough power to power the entire world.
I think it has to do with the fact that it's an open world game. 

It's a sandbox game, which means that you can do whatever you want to do in it, and it's free to play.

You can do anything you want in Minecraft, but you can't do it alone, so you have to have friends to help you out.
The song is about a group of sailors who are on board a ship.  They are singing and playing music, and they are in the middle of the ocean.  

In the beginning of the song, they are on the deck of the ship, playing music and singing.

The song ends with the song being played on the radio, and the lyrics are sung by the band.  The band is playing the song in the background, and then the song is played in the foreground.  In the middle, the band is in the water.  It's like they are playing a song in
The purpose of warm-up/tuning is to get the orchestra in sync with each other.  When you rehearse for a concert, you want to make sure that the orchestra is playing at the same tempo and in tune.  If you're playing a piece in a different key, you're not going to be able to keep up with the rest of the orchestra, so you need to warm up.  

In addition to that, it's a good time for the orchestra to rehearse with the conductor.  The conductor will give the orchestra some time to take a breather before the concert
Sound travels at the speed of sound. 

When you change the speed, you're changing the frequency of the sound, which causes it to change the pitch.

Sound is made up of a bunch of tiny vibrations.  When you change their speed, the vibrations in the air change.  This is called [Doppler effect](_URL_0_).  Doppler effects are caused by the way the sound waves bounce off of each other.  They bounce off the walls of the room and bounce back off of your eardrum.  If you're not careful, you can
An action potential is when the membrane potential of a specific cell rapidly rises and falls: this depolarisation then causes adjacent locations to similarly depolarise. 

When a neuron "fires", it releases neurotransmitters, which are chemicals that can be used to communicate with other neurons.
There are a lot of things we can do. 

1. We can use our influence in the region to try and get some sort of agreement with the Assad regime to give up their chemical weapons.

2. We could use the UN Security Council to try to get them to agree to a deal that would allow us to withdraw our troops from Syria.
When you're cold, your body is trying to get rid of the cold.  Your body has a process called vasoconstriction and vasodilation.  This is the process of closing and opening blood vessels in your body to reduce the amount of water in your blood.  When the blood stops flowing, it causes the blood vessels to constrict, which causes pain.
A talk box is a device that allows you to modify the sound of a musical instrument by shaping the frequency content of the sound and to apply speech sounds (in the same way as singing) onto the instrument. 

Imagine you have a guitar, and you want to make it sound like you're singing.  You can do this by changing the shape of the guitar's strings.  If you change the strings, you can make the guitar sound more like you are singing.

A voice box is similar to a guitar.  It has a microphone, a speaker, and a microphone.  The microphone is
It's not so much that they're complicated as it is that they have a lot of complicated parts.  

For example, if you want to buy a Rolex, you need to know that it has a *lot* of parts, and that they are all made by the same person. 
 
If you're looking for a watch that's made by a different person, you have to know what they do, and what they are capable of doing, and how they do it.

The Rolex movement is made of quartz, which is a type of quartz.  It's
They don't. 

Tower cranes are a type of balance crane that consist of a long horizontal jib (working arm), shorter counter-jib, and the operator's cab.  The jib is attached to the mast, which gives the crane its height.  When the crane is lifting a load, the jib lifts the load.  It's not a crane that just lifts it up, it's a tower crane.

When the crane stops lifting the load, it lowers itself back down.  This is called the "downward slant" or "downslope
Your vocal cords are made up of a bunch of muscles called vocal cords.  These muscles are connected to the trachea, which is the part of your throat that connects your lungs to your throat.  When your voice box is changing, the muscles in your throat are being used to make different sounds.

When your vocal cords change shape, they start to move in different directions.  This is called phonation.  

Your voice box has a number of different functions.  One of the most important functions is phonation, or how the vocal cords vibrate.  The vocal folds are
Yes, the expiration date has been nullified. 

It's called a "use by" date.  It means that the product is safe to consume after the date of expiration.  If you buy it after that date, it's not safe to eat.
When you are under anesthesia, your body is being sedated, and the muscles in your bladder contract. This causes your bladder to contract, which makes it difficult to urinate.
The odds of dying in battle were really high, increasing with every battle
Himalayan salt comes from the Himalayas. It is mined from the North Indian salt lakes of Sambhar Salt Lake or Didwana and the Mustang District of Nepal. 

It is used in cooking as a substitute for table salt.

Rock salt is salt from the sea.  It is used to make salt lamps.  The color of Himalayan salt is caused by impurities in the salt crystals.
The Greek Cypriots want to reunify the island with Turkey. The Turks want to keep the island as a part of Turkey.
Hockey nets are made out of metal.  They are made of a material that is strong enough to keep the puck in the net. 

The net is made of two poles that are tied to each other.  The poles are attached to the top of the net so that they can be pulled up and down by the netting.

When the puck hits the net, the net is pulled up by the poles, and the poles are pulled down to the bottom.  This allows the puck to go through the net and into the goal.
The velcro is not tearing apart, it is being stretched by your tongue. 

Your tongue is made up of a bunch of muscles, and when the velcro tears apart, the muscles contract and push against each other, which causes your tongue to hurt.
They don't. 

They can determine price of used metal, but how do they determine the price of a design and artistic skills used in making jewelry?
Sun boards or sun compasses work for course correction when sailing. 

The sun board is a piece of metal that reflects light from the sun.  The light is reflected back to the ship.  When the ship is sailing, the sun board reflects the light back at the ship, and the ship knows where it is.

A compass works the same way.  You hold the compass up to the sun and look at it.  If you look at the compass, you will see that it is pointing in the direction of the sun, and if you look up at the sun you will notice that
When you take off, the plane has a lot of mass in front of it, and the plane is trying to push the air out of the way of the ground.  This causes the plane to "roll" side-to-side.  

When you land on the ground, you're pushing the air away from the ground and pushing it back towards the plane.  When you land, the air is pushing back against the plane, which causes it to roll.
I'm not sure what you mean by "it will take 5-10 days or more to allow it to take effect, when shouldn't it be instantaneous?
Cosplay is when you dress up as a character from a comic book, anime, video game, or other source material. It is generally considered different from Halloween and Mardi Gras costume wear, as the intention is to replicate a specific character, rather than to reflect the culture and symbolism of the holiday event.
The vertebrae themselves are not the same. 

The vertebral column is made up of several smaller bones called the sacrum and the coccyx, which are the two lowest bones in the spinal column.

Each of these bones has a different shape and size, and the shape of each one is determined by the curvature and shape of the neural spines that make up the spinal cord.
I think it has to do with the fact that it is a very high profile case, and a lot of people are in and out of the country at the time of the shooting. 

Also, it's a very big case, so there is a huge amount of time for the police and prosecutors to gather evidence and prepare for the trial.
Bail is a way for the police to ensure that the accused is not going to flee the scene of the crime.  If they can't find the person who committed the crime, they can put them in jail until they can pay the money.  

If they don't have the money, the police can't arrest them.
Bluetooth doesn't work for all remotes. 

Bluetooth only works for devices that are connected to the internet.  It's not good enough for most devices to be able to talk to each other over the airwaves.

If you want to control your TV with bluetooth, you need to have a device that can talk to your TV.  If you have a TV that can't talk to other devices, you can't use bluetooth.
When it is hot, the electrons in the air are moving faster than the atoms and molecules around them. This causes them to lose their momentum, which causes the electrons to become more static. When it is cold, they are still moving, but they are not moving as fast.
UPS and FEDEx don't pay their drivers directly, they pay them through the company. 

UPS drivers get paid through their union.  They work for a company called the International Brotherhood of Teamsters, which is a union that represents truck drivers, drivers, and other workers.

FEDEx drivers work for FedEx, and they work for their own company, FedEx Express.
It's not fair use, it's fair use of the copyrighted material.

If you're using a copyrighted material in a video, you're not infringing on the copyright of the copyright holder. You're using the copyright owner's copyrighted material for the purposes of fair use.
The release of source code is not the same as the release of the source code of the software itself.

Source code is just a set of instructions for the code that is used in the software.  It's not the code itself that's being released, it's just the instructions for how the code is implemented.  

If you're talking about a vulnerability in the code, the vulnerability is a bug in the way that it's written.  The code is written in such a way that if you want to exploit it, you need to know how it works.  If you don't know
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm going to try to explain it as best I can.

First, you need to create a subreddit. 

A subreddit is a collection of sub-reddits.  There are a few things you can do:

1. You can create a new sub.  
2. You need to add a sub to the list.  You can do this by creating a sub called _URL_0_. 
3. You could also create a sub named "subreddit_1". 
4. You might want to
In cycling, the peloton is a large group of riders riding in a long formation with each (but not the first rider) drafting behind the others before them. 

In road racing, there is no such thing as a "peloton".  The riders ride in a group, and they ride in the same direction as each other.  They are not allowed to draft off each other, but they are allowed to pass each other in the slipstream.  This means that any time one bicyclist is riding behind another, they are conserving energy.  If they are riding at the same speed
I think it's because they're learning how to stand on their feet.

_URL_0_
Direct downloads are much harder to get caught doing than torrents.  

Torrents are decentralized.  You don't have to connect to a central server to get the file, you just connect to one of the thousands of other peers.  If you connect to the same peer as the file you are trying to get it from, you will get the same file.

If you connect directly to a server, you are connecting to a large number of peers, which means that the file will be spread out over the network.  This means that there is no single point of failure for the file to
Ferry is pronounced as in "Ferry" and fair is pronounced in "Fairies".

It's not the same as "fairies", it's just the way they are pronounced.
I think it has to do with the size of the speaker.  If you have a 6.3mm jack for a guitar, you can get a lot more power out of it than you can out of a 3.5mm jack.
The US Constitution says "sovereign citizen" means that you are not required to follow the laws of the United States, but you are required to accept benefits from the federal government.
Your skin is made up of collagen and derma. When you are stressed, your body is trying to repair the damage that has been done to your skin. When your skin is stressed, it doesn't have the energy to do that.
It depends on the plane. If you have a water bottle, it collapses a bit during landing. 

If you don't, it doesn't.
We don't know for sure, but it's possible. 

There's a lot of research going on in the field of stem cell research right now, and it's been going on for a long time.

For example, in the early days of cell biology, we used to be able to grow stem cells in the lab, but we didn't know how to use them to make new cells, so we had to go back to the old way of growing cells. 


Now, we know that we can use stem cells to make cells that can do new things, and we can make
Jokes are funny when you explain them. When you explain it, you're not explaining it. You're explaining the meaning of the joke.
I think it's because it's easier for the pilot to keep the car in the center of the circle. 

It's also easier to maintain control of the car when the car is turning in one direction.  If the car were to turn in the other direction, the pilot would have to hold the yoke on top of a pole in the middle of the wheel, which would make it harder for him to control the car.
Lose a cable on your modem?

The cable is connected to your modem by a connection to the router. The router connects to the cable to the modem.

If the cable is loose, it can cause the modem to stop working, and the modem will stop working as well.
The Middle East and the Indian subcontinent have such a high diversity for religions. 

There are a lot of religions in the Middle East, but they are not all related to each other.

For example, there are many different sects of Zoroastrianism in Iran, which are related to Zoroastrians, but are not related to Islam.
Antibiotic resistance is not a problem. It is a problem with antibiotic resistance. 

Antibiotics are used to treat bacterial infections, not to prevent them from becoming resistant to them.
The difference between a breaking ball, curve ball, slider, fastball, knuckleball and all of the other pitches?

A breaking ball is a pitch that is thrown with the ball in the palm of the pitcher's hand. It is thrown by the pitcher using the ball between the index and middle fingers. 

Slider, curveball, and changeup are all pitches that are thrown in the same way, but are thrown with different grips.

The difference is that a changeup is thrown using the same grip as a fastball, but the ball is thrown in a different direction.
When you're angry, you want something to do with your anger. You don't want to hurt yourself. You want to do something that will make you feel good.

When you break something, you're doing it because you want to feel good about it. You're doing something that makes you feel like you're accomplishing something.
Alcohol is a depressant.  It causes your brain to over react to stimuli.  When you're drunk, your brain can't process the information that's coming from your brain, so it's processing it in a different way.

When you're sober, you're processing the information in your brain in the same way.  Your brain is processing it as if it were normal.  You're processing it like normal, but your brain is interpreting it differently.  So your brain interprets the information as "I'm drunk" and interprets it as "you're drunk".

If you
It's called the [Red Reflex](_URL_0_). It's a reflex that happens when light hits the back of your eye and reflects off of the cornea, which is a thin layer of film that protects your eyes from UV light.
Google would become a Tier 1 ISP. 

They would be able to charge more for faster speeds, but they would also have to pay more for more bandwidth.
When you are in a state of unconsciousness (fainting, blacked out drunk) your body is trying to get oxygen to your brain. Your body has a system called the thalamocortical nervous system. This is the part of your brain that controls the heart, lungs, and other vital organs. It is also the part that controls your breathing. When you are unconscious, your body has no way of getting oxygen to the brain, so it has to rely on your muscles to do it for you.
I think it's because the word "maths" is derived from the Latin word "mathematica", which means "calculus". 

Mathematics is the study of numbers. It's not just about math, but it's also about logic and logic.
Your phone was a Motorola TR-1. It was small enough to fit in a vest pocket, powered by a small battery. 

It was a radio, and it was used as an antenna for local HF radio.
The curveball is a type of curveball that is thrown with a characteristic grip and hand movement that imparts forward spin to the ball, causing it to dive as it approaches the plate. 

When you throw a curveball, you are using your hand to push the ball forward, which causes the ball to spin in the direction you want it to go.
Your anus has a bunch of tiny sensors in it that detect when you're in the bathroom.  These sensors are attached to your briefs. 

When you go to the bathroom, you put a strip of fabric over your anus that connects to your underwear.  This strip is attached to a sensor that detects when you urinate.

If you don't put the fabric over the sensor, it will not detect you.  If you do, the sensor will detect that you are peeing and will alert you to the fact.
Muslims vs Jews - I want the short (unbiased) story
The speed of light is proportional to the speed of sound. 

Think of it like this:

Light is a wave.  It's a wave, but it's not moving at the same speed as sound, it's moving at a different speed.

Sound waves travel at different speeds, but they're all moving in the same direction.  If you take a sound wave and make it travel in a certain direction, it will travel at the speed it was traveling at before.  But if you make it move in a different direction, you'll have to change the direction of the sound wave
Infinitesimal: 

Finite: 


Infinite:

Infinite:   
The word "infinitesimal" comes from the Greek word "finite" and "infinite" is derived from the Latin word "in" meaning "to be".

The difference between the two words is that "infinity" is used to refer to the number of elements in a set, and "finiteness" refers to the size of the set.

For example, the set of all three-digit decimal numbers is pronounced as. The set
Sunburns are caused by damage to the skin. 

When you get sunburned, your skin is exposed to a lot of UV light.  This causes your skin cells to become more sensitive to the sun's rays.  Your skin is also exposed to the heat of the sun, which causes the blood vessels in your skin to constrict, causing the skin to radiate heat.
We can make synthetic motor oil, but we can't make synthetic gasoline.

We can, but it takes a lot of energy and time to do it.
Your nose is lined with mucous membranes. During cold, dry seasons, the mucus tends to dry out, the blood vessels in your nose can't constrict and cause a leak. During the summer, it dries out and your blood vessels can constrict, causing a bleed.
It's because the phone has a microchip in it called a SIM card. The SIM card is a piece of hardware that connects to the phone's SIM card and communicates with the cellular network. 

When the phone needs to connect to the network, it needs to be connected to a power brick. This power brick has a small battery inside of it, and it has to be plugged into a wall outlet.

The phone uses a Li-Ion battery, which is smaller than the battery in a regular cell phone, so it takes longer to fully charge.
Advil is a liquid because it's a liquid. 

Pills are a solid because they're designed to be taken orally.
VHS generation loss is caused by the fact that the magnetic field of the tape is constantly changing. As the tape gets older, it becomes less and less able to hold the information it was recorded on. 

VHS is a magnetic tape, which means that it can't hold as much information as it used to. This means that as the tape ages, it loses the information stored on it.

If you're talking about older VHS, it's because the magnetic fields are constantly changing, and as they do, they get weaker and weaker, and eventually the tape can no longer store the information
They can block access to the torrenting site. 

They can also block the servers that host the torrents.

The Pirate Bay is located in the Netherlands, so they can be blocked by the Dutch government.
Shampoo is not good enough to be used as body wash. 

Body wash is meant to clean your skin, not your hair.
New Jersey has a reputation for being a place with a lot of corruption and corruption.  It's a place where the rich get richer and the poor get poorer.
It doesn't. 

_URL_0_
The.com.net.us.ca.org.org TLD is a top-level domain (TLD) that is reserved by the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF). 

It was originally intended to be used by government agencies to manage the DNS (DNS) servers for the Internet.

The TLDs were originally meant to be reserved for government agencies, but as time went on, more and more people wanted to register their own domains, so the IETF decided that it would be better suited for private domains.
A random function is a function that takes a set of variables and returns a random number. 

Let's say you have a variable x(x) and a variable y(x).

The random variable x is the value of x at time t.

Now, let's say that you have x(t) = x(1)

and you want to know what the probability is that x(0) is between 0 and 1

You can calculate the probability of x being between 1 and 1 by multiplying x by x (or any other random variable). 


So
Psychopathy is a diagnosis of antisocial personality disorder. 

Sociopathy is the general term for antisocial behavior.

Psychopath is a specific type of sociopath. 


A sociopath is a person who acts out in a way that is harmful to others.  They are not necessarily psychopaths, but they are antisocial.
It's not that reddit doesn't know how to load pages, it's just that they don't have the resources to do it. 

When you're trying to load a page, your browser has to go through a bunch of different things.  It has to download the page, it has to read it from the server, it needs to write it to your computer's memory, and then it's got to render the page.  All of these things take time.

The problem is that the server doesn't have enough resources to handle all of those things, so it just gives up.
It depends on the type of patient. 

For example, if you have a heart attack, the ER is a place where they can do a lot of tests to determine if the heart is beating properly, and if it is, they can try to put a defibrillator in the patient's heart.

If it is a stroke, they will do a chest x-ray to see if there is any damage to the heart, and then they will try to find out if the patient is breathing on their own or if they need to use a ventilator. If they can't, they
I think it has to do with the fact that there are so many cars on the highway that it is impossible to keep up with them all. 

If you are driving down the highway at 100 mph, and you are in the middle of a lane, you can't see the cars in front of you, so you have to keep your eyes on the road ahead of you.

Also, if you are going 100 mph on a highway, you are not going to be able to see all the cars behind you, because they are all moving at the same speed, so it is hard for you to
If you click a dodgy link, it will take your browser to a page that says "This page contains a link to a site that you should not click". 

If you don't click the link, the page will redirect you to another page with the same content.

This means that if you click the dodgy links, you will be redirected back to the original page, which is a bad idea.
Radar.

Radars are very good at detecting radio waves. They can tell if a missile is "locked on" by the radio waves coming from the target. The missile's guidance system can also tell if the target is "locked on".

When a missile hits a target, the missile's radar picks up the radio signals coming from it, and calculates a path between the missile and the target, which is then used to calculate the course of the missile.
We can, but we can't. 

We can make artificial limbs, but they are expensive and require a lot of time and money to make.

They are made of plastic, which is not as strong as bone, and they can't last as long as bone.
Your phone is sending a signal to your speakers. 

Your speakers are receiving the signal from your phone, and your phone is receiving it back.

When your phone gets a text, it sends the signal to the speaker, and the speaker receives it back, and sends it back to your phone.
Dramatization is a way for the advertiser to tell the viewer that the product or service is being advertised. 

It's also a way to get people to pay more attention to the ad if they know that it's a commercial.
Wikipedia is a wiki. It's a collection of articles written by people who have access to the internet. 

There are a lot of languages with less than 10 million speakers, but there are also many languages with hundreds of millions of speakers like Portuguese and Chinese have less than 1 million articles
It's stored on the phone's SIM card. 

When your phone is off, or has no signal, the SIM card is connected to the tower, and the tower sends a message to your phone saying "Hey, I need to talk to you."  The phone then sends the message back to your SIM card, which is then sent to the server.

The server then receives the message, decrypts it, and sends it back to the phone.
Alcohol is a diuretic. 

Alcohol dehydrates your liver, which is why you can smell it when you smell it.

It also dehydrates the air around you, which makes it smell like rotting meat.
If the government did not bail out the banks in 2008, the economy would have collapsed.

The US is a very big country, and we have a huge amount of money in our economy. If we didn't bail out these banks, we would have had a lot of people who would have lost their jobs, homes, cars, and everything else. 

Also, if the banks were not bailed out, there would have been a lot more people who couldn't get jobs because they couldn't afford to pay their mortgages, and they wouldn't be able to get the loans they needed to pay off their
They don't melt from the heat inside.  They're made of ice. 

Ice is a very good insulator.  It's very hard to melt, but it's also very good at absorbing heat.

The inside of an igloo is made of a very thin layer of ice, so it doesn't absorb as much heat as the outside.
I'm not sure what mods do all day, but I'd assume they do a lot of things like:

Edit: I don't know if this is ELI5 but I'm going to assume it has something to do with modding.

_URL_0_
Milk bars are a social gathering place, not a place where you can buy milk.  

It's not that they don't serve milk as a drink, it's just that it's not a socially acceptable thing to do.
4chan is an imageboard.  It's basically a place where you can post whatever you want.  You can post anything you want, and anyone can see what you're posting.  

It's a place for people to talk about whatever they want, but it's also a place to share things they don't want others to see.

There are a lot of different sub-boards on 4chan.  There's /b/ (Random), /v/ (Video Games) and /soc/ (Society).  These are the main ones, but there are many others.
There are a lot of ways to estimate how many of a certain number of species are in the wild
The wave function of a quantum system is the wave function that describes the state of the system.

If you look at a wave function, you can think of it as a list of all the possible states of the waveform. 

When you observe a waveform, you see that it is composed of a number of eigenstates.  If you observe the waveforms, you will see that each eigenstate is different from the other.  This is called "quantum superposition".

Imagine that you have a pair of eyes looking at the same thing at different points in space.
The chip is embedded in the card.  

When you use a debit card, the card is read by a reader.  The reader reads the magnetic stripe on the card, which tells the card issuer whether the card has a chip or not.  If the chip is not present, the reader can't read it, but if it is, it can read the card's PIN.

If the card does have a chip, it tells the reader whether it has a magnetic stripe or not, and if it doesn't, it reports the transaction to the bank.  This means that the bank can
White bread is made from wheat flour that has had the germ and bran removed. The bran is the stuff that gives the bread it's flavor, and the germ is what gives it it's texture.
The turbofan is a twin-shaft engine.  It's basically a piston engine with a compressor and a turbine.  The compressor pushes air out of the main combustion chamber into the exhaust, which is where the thrust comes from.

The turbine is used to push the air back into the combustion chamber, where it is pushed out again by the compressor.  This is called a supercharger.
I'm not an expert on the subject, but I'll try my best to explain it.

The Baltics were part of the USSR until the fall of the Soviet Union in 1991, and were annexed by the USSR after World War I. 

After World War II, the USSR lost control of all of the Baltic states, and they became part of NATO.  In the early 1990s, they were granted independence from the USSR, and the USSR recognized them as independent states.  They are now members of NATO, but they are not members of the EU, so they have not been able to
They don't get a signal, they get a "check" signal.

Your phone is connected to the internet, and the internet connects to your phone's network.  The signal is used to send and receive information about what's going on.  This information is sent to the phone, which then sends it to the app.  When the app receives the information, it sends it back to the network, which in turn sends the message to the user.  

If you're not connected to a network, your phone is not getting a signal.  If you are connected to one of the
We are not. 

Evolution is not observable by scientists.  It is observable by nature, but it is not observed by humans.
When light hits something, it bounces off of it. 

Light is made up of a bunch of different wavelengths of light.  When light hits a substance, some of it gets absorbed by it, and some gets reflected back.

When light is reflected back, it gets mixed up with some of the other wavelengths, and the color of the object changes.  This is called the Van der Waals effect.
When you freeze something, it loses its elasticity. 

Think of it like this:

When water freezes, it stops being able to move.

If you put a piece of glass on a table, it's not going to be able to hold itself up.  It's going to fall down.  If you put it on the floor, it will fall down, too.  When it's frozen, it won't fall down at all, but it will start to crack.  This is called "viscosity".

Viscosity is the ability of a substance to
Bricks are made up of a mixture of different materials. 

Ceramics, for example, are made out of calcium carbonate, which is an iron oxide.  When it is burned, the carbonate reacts with oxygen in the air to form carbonic acid, which causes the bricks to crack and eventually burn.

Masonry is made of bricks, which are made of ceramic bricks.  They are very dense, so they can withstand a lot of heat, but they are not as strong as other materials, so when they are burned, they will crack and fall apart.
Bugs don't have the same amount of mass as we do. 

Humans have a lot more mass than insects, but they have much less mass.

Bugs have a much larger mass than we do, so they can't fall as far as we can.
It depends on the size of the plant. Most plants require some amount of O per hour for photosynthesis, but they don't need much more than that. 

_URL_0_
Good welding is when the metal is welded in a certain way.

When you're welding, you're applying heat to the metal, and applying pressure to it. 

If you're doing it wrong, you'll end up with a bad weld.
Islam is a monotheistic religion. Christianity is a syncretic religion. 

Judeo-Christian god is the Judeo-Jewish god, and Islam is the Muslim god.
I think it has something to do with the way the car is designed. 

When you are driving a car, you are using a lot of power to push the car forward.  You are not using as much power as you would if you were driving a normal car.  When you are in top gear, you have a lot more power to use, so you are pushing the car faster.  This causes the car to accelerate faster, which is why it looks slow.
It is generated using public key cryptography. 

Public key cryptography is a type of cryptography that uses a set of public keys that can be used to encrypt the code of a piece of software.

The public key is used to authenticate that the software has been written by the author of the software, and it can only be used by the person who wrote the software. If the software is not written by that person, then the public key can't be used.
The temperature of a 300 degree flame is not the same as the temperature of the mass of the flame.

The temperature is the difference between the two. If you combine two 300 degree flames, the temperature will be 600 degrees, but the mass will be double the mass.
When you heat up a piece of meat, the moisture in the meat evaporates, and the liquid is replaced with water. The water evaporates from the outside of the meat, but not from the inside. When you heat it up, the water is still there, but it's evaporated.

When you cook a chicken, you're using a lot of water to cook it, so the liquid evaporates. When it's done, it's still liquid, but the water has been replaced by air, so it's not as liquid as it was before.
Reddit has a lot of text based content, so they have to deal with a lot more traffic than Facebook.

Facebook, on the other hand, has a huge number of users, so it's not as much of a problem.
They don't. 

The ink in a refilled cartridge is the same as the original one, but the ink in the new one is different.  The ink is different because it has been changed in the process of being mixed with the new toner.  When the ink is mixed, the printer can tell the difference between the new and old toner by looking at the color of the ink.
The Phantom of the Opera was written in the 17th century, and it was a very important part of the plot. 

Raoul's hand is supposed to be at the level of his eyes, so that he can look directly at the audience.

It's also a way for the audience to know that he is aware of what he is doing, so he doesn't get distracted.
Ghostery and online tracking are two very different things. 

Ghostery is when someone uses your computer to track you.  They use your location to track your movements.  For example, if you go to the bathroom at night, they can track where you are.

Online tracking is when you use the internet to track what you are doing.  If you are browsing the web, you can track what websites you are visiting.  This can be done by looking at your browser history, or looking at the history of the websites you have visited.  You can also look at the websites that you
Toothpaste is made up of a bunch of different ingredients. 

1. Toothpastes are made of a lot of different things.

2. Some of them are made out of sugar alcohols, such as glycerol, sorbitol, or xylitol, or related derivatives, or some are made up out of glycerin, which is a sugar alcohol.
3. Some toothpastes contain polymers, which act as an abrasive.
4. Some brands contain powdered white mica, which acts as a mild abrasive, and also adds a cosmetically pleasing glittery shimmer to the paste.
Well witching is based on the idea that water is a medium for communicating with spirits.

When you drink from a well, you are literally speaking with the spirits of the water itself. 

If you drink the water, you're talking to the spirits that are in the water.  The water itself is not the medium, it's the spirits themselves that are communicating with you.
The plastic gun is made of plastic, and the X-ray machine can't see the plastic gun because it's not visible to the human eye.
Helicopters have a lot more thrust than jets, and they can carry a lot of cargo.

Jets are designed to fly at high altitudes, so they need to be able to carry a ton of stuff.  Helicopters, on the other hand, are designed for low altitudes.
The minimum working age is 14 in the U.S.  

In other countries, the minimum age is 18.

There are regulations and guidance to safeguard all actors under the age of 18; OFCOM guidance states a child's health and safety, wellbeing and welfare is paramount in television production and factors such as their age, maturity and life experiences can affect their performance.
Dentistry is a specialized service that is not covered by universal health care. 

Dentists are not required to provide dental care, but they are required by law to provide it.

In the US, the government subsidizes private dentists, but not all dentists.
Pol Pot wanted to enforce an agrarian society. He wanted to make sure that all of his people were able to live on the land that he owned. He didn't want them to have to work for food, he wanted them to be able to own their own land.
The pipes that lead to your house are insulated. 

When it gets too cold, the pipes are insulated to keep the water from freezing.

The pipes leading to the outside of your house aren't insulated, so they don't freeze when it's too cold.
FX rigging is the rigging of a scene to make it look more realistic. 

For example, if you have a scene where a character is being chased by a dog, you can use FX rigging to make the dog look like it is chasing the dog.
They don't take their criticism into consideration.

Comcast and Ubisoft don't care about their customers, they care about making money.
They don't. 

They are owned by a group of people who own the company.  They sell shares of the company to investors.  The investors pay them a percentage of the value of the shares they own.  This is called a "float".  The value of a share is determined by the market price of the stock.  If the stock price is high enough, the investors will buy more shares.

If the price is low enough, they will sell the shares at a loss.  But if the price goes up, they can sell more shares and make more money.
The US was not on the gold reserve.  The US was the world's largest producer and exporter of gold.  

When the US stopped buying gold, the price of gold dropped and the value of the US dollar dropped.  This caused inflation, which in turn caused inflation in other countries.
The "ph" lettering makes an "f" sound, not a "ph".
>  Why does the government want to increase surveillance abilities on average citizens so heavily, and what can an average citizen do to stop it?

The government wants to know who is doing what, and who is not doing it.

They want to know if someone is committing a crime, and if they can find out who they are, and they want to track down the people who are doing it, so they can put them in jail.
I think it has to do with the texture of the string cheese. 

When you peel it, you are removing the moisture from the cheese, which is what makes it taste better.
The urge to breathe is based around CO2 and not oxygen.

Oxygen is used to break down glucose to produce energy. 

Carbon dioxide is used as a waste product of metabolism.
I'm not sure what you're asking about, but I'll try my best to explain it.

Humans have been cooking food for thousands of years. It's just that we didn't know how to do it before. We didn't have a stove, so we had to make it ourselves. We used to cook our food over a fire, but it wasn't as easy as we thought it was. 

When we first started to cook, we used to use flint and flint tools to make tools that we could use to make fireplaces. We also used flint to make pot
I think it's a bit of a stretch to say that you can choose how you react to certain things and/or who they are. 

There are a lot of things we can choose about how we react to things, but I don't think we can really choose how we respond to things.  We can choose what we do and how we act, but we can't choose how our brain interprets things.
Because 12 is the smallest number with 4 factors. 

12 is also the largest number with 2 factors.

So 12 is a good base for weight and measure.  It's also a good number for counting.  12 is also a great base for measuring things like hours.  The 12 hour clock and common use of 12 in English units emphasize the utility of the base.
Liquids don't break our force field. 

Absorption is a completely different concept from absorption.  Absorption occurs when a substance is absorbed by another substance.

Lotion is a chemical reaction that happens when the molecules in a substance are interacting with each other.  The molecules in the substance are attracted to each other, and when they touch each other they are repulsed.  This repulsion causes the substance to absorb some of the force from the other molecules.  So when you apply lotion to your skin, you are repressing some of that repulsion.
Whiskey is made by distilling. 

Bourbon is made from corn, rye, or wheat, and is aged in oak barrels for a long time.

Scotch is whisky made from malt, which is a mash of barley, oats, and malted barley.  It's made by mixing the malted grain with water and then distilling it.  The result is whisky.
Bitrate is the amount of data that can be transferred per second.

Resolution is the number of pixels that the camera can detect in a single frame.  For example, if you take a picture of a piece of paper and put it on a table, you can tell how many pixels are in the paper.  If you take that picture and multiply it by a number of times, you get a number that is 1/1000th of a second. 

If you take the same picture and take it to a computer, you'll get the same amount of pixels, but you'll have to
The ban on soda was not overstepping it's powers.

The state can require seatbelts, helmets, and put an age limit on consumption of alcohol.
It depends on the sport. 

In the case of the NFL, the NFL is owned by the NFL Players Association (NFLPA).  The NFLPA is a non-profit organization that exists to promote the NFL.  It is a 501(c)(3) organization that is funded by the owners of the league.

The NFLPA has a contract with the NFL that allows the NFLPA to pay the league for the rights to use their name and logo on the uniforms of the team.  This means that the league is able to use the team's name, logo, and name on the
It's called a standardized field sobriety test (SFST).  It's basically a test to determine if you're drunk or not.  The officer will ask you to do a series of tests to determine whether you're impaired.  If you can't walk, then you don't pass the test.

If you can walk, but drive with hand controls then you pass.
I think it's because they didn't know how to write straight. 

If you're talking about writing in cursive, it's the same way you write straight on a piece of paper.

You write straight because it's easier for your hand to do so, and it's also easier for you to write with a straight line.
It depends on the type of wheelchair they are in.

If they are confined to a wheelchair because they are mentally ill, they can't get out of it. 

Some people in wheelchairs have mental illnesses that cause them to be unable to walk, so they are kept in a wheelchair until they get better.
If the sun goes supernova, it will look like this:

_URL_0_
It's called prosopagnosia. It's caused by damage to the part of the brain responsible for recognizing faces and names. 

It's a condition where you can't recognize faces, but not names.
They use a lot of different cameras.  

1. They use a wide-angle lens, which allows them to capture a wide range of light. 
2. They also use special lenses that allow them to film at different focal lengths.  This means that they can capture a lot more light than if they were shooting at normal shutter speeds.  They also have special lenses to make it look like they're shooting at a higher shutter speed.  For example, they can use a 35mm lens to shoot at 1/1000th of the speed of light, which means they can film at 1
We can't go all out on North Korea. It would be like going all out against China. China is a nuclear power.
It depends on the estate tax.  

If the estate is worth more than $5.5 million, it's taxed at 15% per year.  If it's worth $10 million or more, it'll be taxed at 25%.

There's also the possibility that the estate will be worth less than $1 million, but that's not a big deal.  It's usually taxed at 10% if it's under $5 million.
The Dalai Lama is the spiritual leader of the Tibetans. He is also the spiritual head of the Tibetan government in exile in India. 

The Chinese government believes that he is the rightful successor to the Panchen Lama, and that he should be chosen by the Chinese government.
The Chinese government can't stop hit-to-kill drivers because they don't have the resources to do so. 

They can make it illegal for people to run from the scene of a hit-and-run, but that's not enough to stop them.
It's called accelerated depreciation. 

When you buy a car, you pay a lot of money for it.  You don't know how much you're going to pay for it, but you know that it's going to depreciate in value as soon as you leave the lot.

If you're buying a used car, the price of the car is going to go up and down as you drive it, and if you're selling it, you'll be able to sell it at a higher price.  If you're getting a new car, it'll go down in value because it's
Dinosaurs have been in movies for a long time, but they're not as well known as they used to be. 

Jurassic Park was the first movie to really focus on dinosaurs as a major character in a movie.  It's not that they weren't in other movies, it's just that they were not as big of a part of the plot as they are in Jurassic Park.
They're called "crackling" because they're made from the intestines of the pig. 

Pork intestines contain a lot of lard, which is a byproduct of rendering the pig's skin. When the pig is killed, the lard is removed from the pig, and the pig intestines are left with the skin. The rinds, which are the outer layer of pig skin, are what you taste when you bite into the sausage.
I think it's because he's used to it. 

If you hold out any object in the direction of your cat, why will he walk all the way across the room just to sniff it?
It's not the ocean, it's the noise of the surrounding environment.

When you hold a conch shell up to your ear, it vibrates your tympanic membrane (eardrum), which is the part of your ear that connects to the cochlea (the part that hears sound).

The conch is vibrating in the same way that air vibrates in your ears, but the conch has a smaller diameter than air, so the sound waves are bouncing off of it.
It's because the banana has a lot of potassium in it. 

When you eat a banana, you're basically eating a bunch of potassium, which is good for your muscles.

It's also a source of calcium, which can help with muscle cramps. 


_URL_0_
Right-wingers are the ones who run up and down the right side of the pitch, and left-wings are the wingers who play on the left side.

Right wingers are usually the ones that run up the left and down, and play in the middle of the field. They are the players who are responsible for getting the ball to the forwards, and they are the guys who are the ball carriers. 

Left wingers, on the other hand, are the people who play in between the defense and the forwards. They do the same thing, but on the opposite side.
A think tank is a research institute which performs research and advocacy concerning topics such as social policy, political strategy, economics, military, technology, and culture. 

Think tanks are often funded by corporations or wealthy individuals who want to influence policy.
They don't. 

What they do is they take samples of the area around the fire and compare them to what they found at the scene of the fire.

If they can't find the exact cause of a fire, they will use the evidence they have to determine where it started.
It depends on the type of fire.

If it's a small fire, the fire will spread to other parts of the building, and spread to the surrounding buildings. If it's large enough, they will be able to put it out.
The Republicans have more candidates running than the Democrats because they have more seats to fill in the House of Representatives and the Senate.

The Democratic Party has more seats because they need more candidates to fill the Senate and the House.
The weight of the ship itself is not the same as the weight of water it displaces.

The water displaces more than the ship. 

If you want to know how much water a ship displaces, you need to know the volume of the water it is displacing, not the weight.
It's called a [Phosphene](_URL_0_) and it's caused by the activation of neurons along the visual pathway. When you press on your eyes hard enough, you stimulate the cells in the back of your eye, causing them to fire. This causes them to glow.
The housing market in the U.S. was in a bubble in the early 2000s.  

People were borrowing money to buy houses.  They were told that they would be able to get mortgages at a lower interest rate than they actually were, so they were willing to pay a higher interest rate.  The problem was that they weren't getting the mortgages they were promised, and they were not getting the interest rates they were told they were getting.

When the housing market started to crash, people started to default on their mortgages.  This caused a lot of people to lose their jobs,
It's not really a political crisis, it's a financial crisis.

Spain is a member of the European Union, and it's part of the Eurozone. 

The problem is that Spain's economy is in a state of crisis, and the government is trying to find a way out of it. 

 >  What is the political crisis in Spain all about?

There are two main parties in Spain, the People's Party (PP) and the Socialist Party (PSOE). The PP has been in power for a long time, and they are the main party in the European Parliament
Fraternity is not an organization, it is a group of people. 

If you are a member of a fraternity, you can be charged with murder if you commit a crime as part of an organization.  You can't be charged as an individual if you are not a member.
I think it has to do with the way the English language is pronounced. 

In the past, English was pronounced differently in Britain than in America.

When English was written down in the Middle Ages, it was written in the Latin alphabet, which is what we know as Latin.  The Latin alphabet is the same as the English alphabet, but the spelling is different.  This is because Latin was not written down until the middle ages, and Latin was the language of the Latin world.  So, when English was first written down, Latin alphabetically, Latin was written as Latin alphabet.
Yes, there is a speed limit on how fast a human can run. It's called the [Speed Limit of Endurance](_URL_0_). 

It's based on the fact that we evolved to be able to walk and run at the same speed, but we have evolved to run at different speeds.

The speed limit is based on how much energy it takes to walk, and how much it takes for us to run.
I think it has to do with the shape of the carpal tunnel in your thumb. Some people have a "Hitchhiker's thumb" which means that they bend their thumb more than others.
They don't. 

The ATMs are connected to the Fedwire system.  The Fedwire is a system that connects all the banks in the world to each other.  It's a way for the Fed to send money from one bank to another, and the other bank to receive money from the other.

When you use an ATM, the FedWire connects to the ATMs of the other banks.  If you have an account with one bank, and you want to withdraw money from another bank, you have to go to that bank's ATMs, and they have to connect to the
The President can do a lot of things that a civilian can't.

He can veto laws, he can veto executive orders, and he can sign executive orders. 

But he can't do things that you can do that a regular civilian can do.
Salt melts ice.  Slugs don't need to eat it, they need to be able to breathe. 

Ice is made up of water, and when it melts, the water evaporates, leaving behind salt crystals.  These crystals are very small, so they can't be eaten by slugs.

When the salt melts the ice, it causes the salt crystals to crystallize, which causes them to become bigger and bigger.  This causes the slugs to be unable to eat them.
Because it's a public record of what's going on.

It's also a way for the police department to get the word out to the public about what they're doing.
I'm not an audio engineer, but I can give you an ELI5 version of how it was done before computers.

Before computers, there was a lot of analog recording and mixing that was done in studios. 

For example, if you want to make a recording, you would use a tape recorder, a microphone, and a speaker.  You would record the sound into the tape, and then you would mix it into a computer.  If you wanted to make an audio track, you could use a computer, but it would take a lot more time and money to make it.
Vitamin C is an anti-estrogen. It causes the body to produce a hormone called estradiol, which is a hormone that causes the ovaries to stop producing eggs. This hormone causes the fetus to not be able to fertilize the egg, which causes the woman to miscarry.
It depends on the genre.  

Drama is a genre where the main character is the main focus of the show.  It's a show about a group of people trying to figure out who they are and what they want to do with their lives.
I'm not a web developer, but I can give you a basic idea of how to start a website. 

First, you need to find a domain name.  If you don't already have one, you'll need to choose a domain that you want to use for your website.

If you're not sure where to start, you can search for a site that is already up and running, or you can create a new one.  You can also use a search engine like Google or Bing to find the best sites to use.
Because South Africa is a very wealthy country with a large population, and because of that they have a lot of money to spend on sports. 

Also, South Africa has a very high standard of living, so it's not uncommon for South African sportsmen to play for their local clubs.
Languages are a byproduct of evolution. 

Language is the result of the brain trying to make sense of the world around it.  The brain is a collection of many different parts.  If you want to understand a language, you need to understand the sounds it makes.  You need to be able to recognize sounds, words, and how they relate to each other.  This is why languages are so important.

Languages have been around for thousands of years.  They are a result of a lot of different things.  For example, when we talk about language, we are talking
Fox is seen as liberal because they are a conservative news channel.

They are seen as non-liberal because they air shows like Simpson and Family Guy that often depict liberal views.
The National Enquirer does not have libel laws in the United States.

In the US, libel is when someone says something defamatory about another person, and the person who said it has sued them for libel. 

If you're talking about a celebrity, you have to prove that they were defamed by the article, and that the article was published knowing it was false or with reckless disregard for its truth (also known as actual malice).
Osmosis is the process of removing water from your body through your intestines. 

When you have diarrhea, your body is trying to get rid of the water in your stool by removing it from the intestines, but it doesn't have the energy to do so.  Your body needs salt to do this, so you need to drink a lot of salt.  The problem is that you're not drinking enough salt, so your body can't get enough water out of your stool.  If you drink too much salt, you'll end up dehydrated, and your body won't be able to
Dolphins have a breathing system driven by negative pressure where the lungs are inflated by expanding their rib cage. This allows them to open their blowholes to get air down into their lungs.

Humans have a positive pressure system where the air is forced down into the lungs by positive pressure. This causes the air to be trapped in the lungs, which causes them to need to breathe constantly.
They didn't enslave Native Americans because they didn't want to. They wanted to enslave them for their labor.
The Prime Minister is the leader of the party that wins the most seats in the House of Commons.  

The Parliament is the upper house of Parliament.  It is the house of representatives of the people who elect the Prime Minister.  The Prime Minister and the Parliament are responsible to the Parliament, of which they must, in most circumstances, be members.
We like our own smell because it tells us something about ourselves. It tells us who we are, what we look like, how we feel, and what we are capable of doing.
We were allies with Iraq in the mid-80's because we wanted to help them get rid of Saddam Hussein. Saddam Hussein was a dictator who had been in power for a long time, and he was a big fan of Iran. Iran was also a big supporter of the Kurds and wanted to keep them in their own country. 

The Kurds were a part of the KDP (Kurdistan Democratic Party), a political party that wanted independence from the central government of Iraq. They had been fighting the Iraqi government for decades, and were supported by the US and the UK. They were also supported by Iran
The 3.5 mm stereo jack is a jack that connects to the stereo audio jack.  It's a 2.5mm jack, but it's a 3.0 mm jack.

The jack is connected to the audio jack, which is the jack that is used to connect to your stereo speakers.  When you plug in a stereo speaker, you're connecting to the jack on the other end of the stereo jack.
Humans are social animals.  When we see another person suffering, it can also cause us pain.  If we don't help them, we feel guilty.
Mold is a type of fungus that grows in moist environments. 

Your container of disinfecting wipes had a lot of water in it, and the moisture allowed the fungus to grow.
I think it has to do with the fact that we have a larger pelvis, which means that our brains are bigger and our pelvis is wider, which allows us to push our babies out of our mothers pelvis and into the womb earlier. This means that we can push them out of the way faster, which is why we have bigger brains and bigger pelvises.
The laws are in place to prevent a company like WalMart from creating their own military. 

The Constitution says that the federal government can't create its own military, but the states can.
We can't make human formula that contains everything we'd need to live.

We can make animal formula, but it's not the same as human formula. 

Human babies need a lot of vitamins, minerals, amino acids, calcium, vitamins and minerals to survive.
The size of the screen determines the amount of information that can be displayed on it. 

If you have a 1080p display, you can display more information in a smaller area using a higher resolution, but you can't display it as well as a 720p display.

A 1080p screen has 1,920 x 1,080 pixels, which is about the same size as a standard 1080p TV, but it has a higher pixel density, which means that it can display a lot more information.
It is not a legitimate practice for public worship, although some members exercise the "gift" in private.
They don't. 

AT & T doesn't use sniffing.  They use network traffic measurement.  It's done by looking at the IP address of your router and routing it to a database.  The database contains the IP addresses of all the ISPs in the area.  If you have a lot of traffic coming in and going out of your house, they can use that information to figure out what kind of traffic is coming in.  For example, if you have lots of traffic going from your house to your office, they might be able to determine what type of traffic that is.
Honey is made from the nectar of the flowers that the bees forage for.  It has a lot of sugar in it, which is why it tastes so sweet.  Honey is stored in a sealed container, which means that it can't be broken down by bacteria.

Humans have been foraging for honey for thousands of years, so it's been around for a long time.
If you read the text box top to bottom, you will see that it has a bunch of characters in it. 

If you look at the bottom of the box, you'll see that there are a lot of characters that are used as punctuation marks.
It's not so easy to pirate Android apps. 

Android has a lot of restrictions on how apps can be used.  They don't allow you to sell ads, they don't give you the ability to monetize the app, they require you to pay a licensing fee for it.  There's also a limit to the number of permissions an app can have.

If you want to make an Android app, you need to be able to make it work on the Android OS.  If you don't have permission to do so, then you can't make an app that doesn't work.
Sperm size is determined by the size of mitochondria in the sperm.

The size of the mitochondria determines the size and shape of the vagina. 

Sperm sizes are also affected by the length of the endometrium, which is the tube that connects the vagina to the uterus.
I think it has to do with the way your brain works. When you're asleep, your brain has a lot of time to process the information it receives from the night before. It's not as much of a conscious effort as it is when you're awake, so it's easier for your brain to process it.

When you wake up in the morning, you have a lot more time to digest the information you've processed and process it, so your brain is able to process more of it.
I think it's because it's a cathartic thing to do.  Graffiti is an art form.  It's a way for people to express themselves.
Calories are measured in units of energy. 

1 calorie is a unit of energy per unit of mass.

One spoonful of sugar is x amount of calories

If you want to know how much sugar is in a serving of watermelon, you need to look at the amount of sugar in the watermelon.  If you look at how much watermelon has in it, you'll see that it has 5 grams of sugar.  That's 5 calories per serving.
I think it has to do with the increased number of unmarked police cars and the fact that they are becoming more and more difficult to spot. 

Also, there is a lot of traffic on the road, and the police cars are getting smaller and smaller, so they are harder to see.
Eyes are made up of a bunch of cells called rods and cones. When you drink water, your eyes get water in them, but when you drink eyedrops, you're not getting water in your eyes. 

Eyes don't need water to function, they need a lot of chemicals to make them work properly.
I have 4 dogs. One of them is real senile and the other 3 are just mean to him. 

_URL_0_
Hegemony refers to a system of rule based on administrative and military personnel, who were responsible only to the dominant class. Counter-hegemony is a challenge to that system.
Yes, they always print in the same material. 

However, they can print in a variety of materials.

For example, if you have a 3D model of a house, you can make it out of any material you want.  You can print it in any material, but you can only print it so many times.  If you want to make a house out of wood, you need to make it in a material that is strong enough to withstand the heat of the extrusion process.  This means that you have to use a lot of different materials to get the desired shape.
The speed of light is 299,792,458 meters per second. 

If you want to talk to someone in space, you need to send them a radio signal.

Radio waves propagate in vacuum at the speed of sound, but they don't travel at the same speed as light.  If you send them at light speed, they will travel faster than sound.
You can get a urinary tract infection if you have sex and then don't pee. The bacteria in your urethra can cause infection.
When you watch a slow motion video, the camera is recording at 24 frames per second. This means that the image is being recorded at the same rate as the video is being played back. 

When the camera takes a picture of something moving, it takes a lot of time to process it.  This takes a long time for the image to go through your eyes.  So when you watch the video, your eyes are processing the image at a much faster rate than the video itself.  The result is that your eyes perceive the image as moving at a slower rate than it actually is.
Lizard Squad has been caught in the past. 

_URL_0_
The water in the pasta needs to boil in order for the water to absorb the moisture from the pasta.

When you boil the water, you're not just adding water to the pasta, but you're also adding a lot of water to it. The water needs to be at a certain temperature to absorb all of the moisture.
It's not about the celebrity, it's about the public perception of the celebrity. 

Celebrities are famous because they are famous.  They have a lot of money, they have a huge fan base, and they are well-liked by the general public.  The public is more likely to believe that they are innocent until proven guilty, so they are less likely to go to jail.
I think it's because credit cards have higher fees. 

Credit cards have to pay a fee to the merchant for processing the transaction.  The merchant has to pay that fee to Visa, MasterCard, Discover, etc.

Debit cards have lower fees, but they don't pay as much as credit cards.
Your body's immune system reacts to the flu virus by producing a lot of cytokines. These are proteins that are produced by your immune system to fight off the virus. These proteins are called cytokines, and they are released by the immune system when you get the flu.
I think it's because you're not used to it. 

When you watch porn, you're used to seeing it in a certain way.  It's not that you're expecting it to be gross, it's that you are used to the way it looks and feels.  When you watch it for the first time, you don't expect it to look like that.
Your brain is trying to make sense of what you're seeing and hearing in your dreams. When you're awake, your brain is processing a lot of information from your senses, and it's trying to figure out what's going on in your head. It's also trying to tell you what's happening in the world around you.

When you're dreaming, the brain is telling you that something is happening in your dream, but it's not telling you what it is, it's telling you how it's going to happen when you wake up. 

So, when you're in a dream, your
It's because the app needs to be able to access data that doesn't seem to pertain to the app itself.

For example, if you want to send a text message, the app has to know where your phone is, so it can send the message to your phone. If you don't want the app to know that, it doesn't need to know.
I think it has to do with the fact that girls have a higher concentration of testosterone in their bodies than boys do. When a girl is in her ovulation phase, her body produces a lot of testosterone, which is the hormone that makes her smell good. When she is not ovulating, she doesn't produce as much testosterone, so her body doesn't have the same amount of testosterone.
It's because it's a trigonometric function. 

If you take a circle and divide it in half, you can get the same result as if you divide it into two equal parts.

But if you multiply it in the opposite direction, you get a different result. 


So if you take the same circle and multiply it twice, you'll get a result that's twice as long as the first one.  If you multiply the second one by two, then you get three times as long.
The components inside produce cold temperatures by evaporating heat. 

Think of it like water evaporating.  When water evaporates, it cools down.  If you put a glass of water in the fridge, it will evaporate.  The water will cool down because it's evaporating from the inside of the fridge.
When you get injured, the blood vessels in your leg are damaged, and the blood is not being able to get to the soft tissues in the area. This causes inflammation, which causes the area to swell.
They don't. 

Crabs can survive in extremely hot water, but they can't survive in the extreme heat of the ocean floor.

If you were to catch one, you'd have to cook it.
I think it's because of the angle of the camera. 

When it's raining, the camera is looking down at the ground, not at the sky.

It's easier for the camera crew to see the rain from the ground than it is to see it from the air.
The drummers hit their sticks at the beginning of the song with the same rhythm that they hit it with at the end of the first verse.
The Internet is not a single country.  It is a network.  

It is a collection of countries.  Each country has their own set of rules and regulations about how they want to use the internet.  There is no way for the rest of the world to do anything about it.

There is also the issue of who owns the servers.  If the US wants to cut off access to the internet, they would have to get permission from the other countries to do so.  They would need to get a court order from the US government to do it.  The US doesn't
It doesn't defeat the purpose of the video. 

The purpose of a video is to get you to click on the ad.  If you don't click on it, then it doesn't make sense to continue watching it.
You can buy them for under $5.00 if you buy them in bulk. 

If you want to buy them at a restaurant, you need to pay $5 for the burger, not the burger itself.
I think it has to do with pasteurization. 

In Europe, milk is pasteurized and homogenized in a vat, which means that the bacteria in the milk are removed from the milk before it is refrigerated.  In the US, the bacteria are kept in the fridge.
Horses are herbivores. They eat a lot of grass.  They don't need to eat as much as other animals do, but they do need to get enough calories to maintain their body weight.
Elevators don't need to know where everyone is going before they get on.

Elevator operators are trained to know which floor they are going to, so they don't have to memorize the floor number. 

It would be more efficient if they knew where everyone was going, but that's not the case.
It's not supposed to be anonymous.

It's meant to make it harder for someone to track you down and steal your money.
Lyrics are stored in short-term memory. 

When you hear a song, your brain recognizes it as a song.  You can't remember the words, but you can remember the melody.  If you hear the song again, you'll be able to recall the melody and the lyrics.

If you don't know the lyrics to a song you haven't heard in 12 years, it's because your brain doesn't know how to recognize them.
It's because of the refraction of light by the water. When you're underwater, the water absorbs more light than it reflects back. 

When you're above water, your eyes are used to seeing the light coming from the sun, but when you're in the water, the light is coming from a different source. The water is more transparent to blue light than the air, so it absorbs more of the blue light.
I think it has to do with the size of the app and the number of users.  

If you have a large number of people on your phone, it takes a lot of resources to keep up with all the updates.  If you only have a few users, it's not like you can keep updating your app every day.
If the sun and solar system are moving through space in their orbit around the galaxy, and the moon is tagging along, would the actual path of the earth be more of a spring or vortex type pattern, rather than a merry-go-round pattern?
I think it's because they don't want to lose money. 

Public universities are funded by the state government, so they have to charge fees to keep the money coming in.
The moon would be covered in plant life, but it wouldn't have enough oxygen to support it.

Plants need oxygen for photosynthesis, and without it, they would die out.
I think it's because gay men are more likely to be gay men, and gay women are less likely to identify as gay.
Because Pakistan is a sovereign country, not a member of the UN. 

The UN Charter says that the US can't violate Pakistani airspace, and Pakistan is not a UN member state.
DNS and DHCP are two different things.

DNS is a system that connects all the computers on your network to a single IP address. 

DHCP is a way for your computer to get the IP address of other computers in your network.  It's basically like a phone book.  When you connect to the internet, you give it your IP address, and it sends it to a DHCP server.  The DHCP server then sends it back to your computer, and your computer uses it to find the IP addresses of all the other computers connected to your network, and then sends them back to
It's not that doctors don't deceive / falsify, it's that they don't tell the truth about what they do. 

If a doctor falsifies a patient's medical history, they can be sued for malpractice.  They can't be sued because they're not allowed to do so.
When you blink, the light from the flash hits your iris and causes it to contract. This causes the light to bounce off of the back of your eye, which causes the pupil to contract, which creates an imprint of the light.
There are two major political parties in the United States, the Republican and the Democratic. 

The Republican Party has the primary, the Democrats have the general election.

In order to be nominated for president, the two parties have to agree on who they want to put in the running.  The delegates are chosen by a process called the "pledge process".  They vote for who they think is best suited to be the nominee, and then they vote for the person who gets the most pledged delegates to the party convention.  This process is called the 'primary process'.  The primary process is a
I think it's because the movie has to be in theaters for a certain amount of time before it can be released on home video.  

Theaters have to make sure that they have enough copies of the movie to cover the cost of making the film.  They also want to sell as many copies as they can before they run out of stock.

Also, they want to get as many people to see the movie as possible before it's released on DVD and Blu-ray.
Yes, they do. 

Bolt is a world record holder in the 100m, 200m, 400m, 800m, and 1500m.  He also holds the world record in the 4x100m relay.
It's not that they're expensive, it's that they are rare.  Koi and other pond fish are caught by fishermen and then sold to restaurants and retailers. 

It's a matter of supply and demand.  If you want to buy a Koi, you have to pay a lot of money for it.

If you want a pond fish, you need to keep it in a tank that is big enough to hold it.  That means that you need a ton of fish.
Pollen is produced by a plant that has been around for thousands of years. 

The reason we are still allergic to pollen is because we have evolved to be able to recognize it as a threat to our health.  Our immune system has evolved to recognize that the plant is a threat, and our immune system will respond to it.
Schedual I, II, III drugs mean and what common drugs are in which category?
I'm not sure, but I'm guessing it's because reddit is a global site. 

If you go to /r/askreddit, you'll see all the posts in English.
Trancendentalism is the belief that there is a higher power or higher consciousness that exists in the human brain. 

Trance is a term used to describe a state of consciousness where the brain is in such a state that it is unable to function normally.

For example, when you are in a deep sleep, you are not aware of your surroundings.  When you wake up in the middle of the night, you have no idea what is going on around you.  You are not conscious of the fact that you are awake, but you are aware of what is happening around you, and
I'm not sure why anyone would want to buy Berkshire Hathaway's stock if they never pay dividends. 

Berkshire Hathaway is a publicly traded company, which means they pay a dividend every year.

If you want to invest in a company that doesn't pay dividends, you have to wait for the company to declare a dividend.
Nipon is Japanese for Japan, and Germany is German for Germany.
It's not illegal to convince someone that they've committed a crime, if no crime was committed in the process of convincing them.

It's illegal to coerce someone into confessing to a crime.
I think it's because of the length of the campaign period.  In the US, the mid-term elections are held in the fall, which means that the campaign season is longer than it is in Europe.
Medics wear the arm bands because it makes it easier for them to see if they are being attacked by the enemy.

If they were not wearing them, it would make them a target for the enemy because they would be easy to spot.
It's not that they don't have access to the internet, it's that they're not allowed to use it. 

In the US, the Federal Bureau of Prisons (FBI) has the authority to regulate the use of electronic devices in prisons.  This includes cell phones and internet access.
I think it has to do with a lot of different reasons. 

1. They were in a monogamous relationship.

2. They didn't have children, so they didn't want to have children

3. They wanted to be able to have sex with each other

4. They weren't able to afford child support

5. They couldn't afford a house

6. There was a lot going on in their lives, and they were trying to figure out how to deal with all of it

7. They felt like they weren't doing enough for each other
The pixels are not off, they are just not being used.

An OLED display uses an array of LED backlight diodes (LEDs) rather than a single light source, which reduces the amount of electricity used by the display.
I think it's because when you chew, the muscles in your jaw are contracting. When you eat, your jaw muscles are contracting, and when you swallow, your tongue is also contracting, which causes your jaw to click.
Jizz is made up of a bunch of water molecules. When it gets wet, the water molecules get trapped in the pores of the jizz, and they start to clog up.
It doesn't know how to compute boolean operations, it just knows how to store them in memory.

If you want to know how a boolean operation works, you need to look at the instruction set of the processor. 

For example, let's say you have two boolean operations:

1. (1,2)

2. (2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14,15,16,17,18,19,20,21,22,23,24,25,26,
It's not that they were miracles, it's that they weren't believed to be miracles at all. 

There are a lot of documented miracles that were considered miracles back in the day, but they were not considered "witches" because they were believed to have been performed by a religious figure.
I think she's trying to say "I'm not alone in the world". 

_URL_0_
It's not a technical reason, it's a marketing reason. 

Macs have a very limited amount of RAM, so it's hard to make a game that takes up a lot of space.
They serve two purposes. 

1. They keep you from getting lice.

2. They serve as a place for bacteria to breed.
It's called [vanishing spray](_URL_0_).

It's a chemical that is applied to the area where the player was hit.

The idea is that it will make the skin more elastic and less likely to tear, which will help reduce the pain.
I don't know the answer to this, but I think it has to do with the fact that men's sport is played at a much faster pace, but also has more interruptions and brutal tackling than the women's game.
They don't test every year, they test every two or three years. 

There are two phases of testing, phase I and phase II.

Phase I is where they test the safety of a new vaccine.  They test it in a small group of people and see how well it works.  If it works, it's approved.  In phase II they test it on larger groups of people, and if it doesn't work, they don't approve it.  This is called phase III.  It's when the vaccine is tested in a larger group, and they can see if it
I think it has to do with the fact that you're more likely to remember long strings of numbers as sequences of other numbers, rather than individual digits. 

When you're learning a new number, it's easier for you to remember it as a sequence of numbers, because you're already familiar with the sequence of digits, so you don't need to re-learn it.
I'm not sure what you mean by brain fog, but I've had this happen to me a few times. It's caused by a lack of oxygen to the brain. 

When you're asleep, your brain shuts down, and the oxygen in your brain stops working properly, and your brain is unable to process the information it's receiving.

This is called "brain fog", and it can be caused by sleep apnea. 


_URL_0_

I've had it happen a lot, and it's usually because I'm not getting enough oxygen to my brain, and
They didn't. 

Language is a learned skill.  It's not innate, it's learned.  If you're not fluent in a language, you can't learn it.  You have to learn it from someone who is fluent.
It's not right. 

If you want to know the answer to this, you need to look at [this](_URL_0_).

The answer is that it's not correct.

It's wrong because it doesn't make sense.
When you are stressed, your body releases cortisol, which is a hormone that makes you feel hungry. When you eat, you release more of it, which makes you want to eat more.

When you're not stressed, you don't release as much cortisol, so your body doesn't need as much food.
Some people have a higher rate of respiration than others. 

Some people are more sensitive to cold than others, and have a lower rate of sweating.

There are a lot of reasons for this, but I think it has to do with the way our body works.  Our body has two main ways of producing heat.  The first is through respiration.  When you are cold, your body produces heat to keep you warm.  This is called diuretic respiration, and it is done by the body's hypothalamus, which is the part of your brain that controls your body
It is a state of consciousness where you are aware that you are in a dream, but you can't control it. 

You can achieve it by practicing lucid dreaming.

The first step is recognizing that you're in a lucid dream. You can do this by waking up and telling yourself "I'm not dreaming" or "I don't want to be in this dream".

Once you've done this, you can go back to waking up.
Because the US government doesn't want the UK to have a monopoly on the broadcasting of their TV stations.

It's not that they don't want it, it's that they want to protect the rights of the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) to broadcast their programming.
No, you will not get drunk. Tequila contains a lot of alcohol, but it's not enough to make you pass out.
The moisture in the food is mostly water. When you seal it, the water evaporates from the outside of the food, but the inside of the container is still moist.

When you open it up, the moisture is still there, but it's not as much as it was before.
It's not about violence, it's about the idea of violence. 

There are a lot of people who think that violence is bad for children, and that it can lead to violence in the real world.

The ESRB rating system was created to prevent this, but it's not always the case.  There are many games that are rated R for violence, and many that are not.  
 
The problem is that the ESRBs are not always accurate, and the ratings are often arbitrary.  For example, Call of Duty and Grand Theft Auto are rated G,
We can see HD images of deep space like the Pilars of life, why can't our telescopes see hres details of "closer" objects like those we are seeing on Pluto?
Russia is the largest country in the world. It's 17.09 million square kilometers (6,592,800sqmi). This makes it larger than the continents of Oceania, Europe and Antarctica.
I can't sing very well at all although I enjoy it.

I'm not sure what you mean by "moldable". 

There is no such thing as a moldable human voice.  It is a natural part of our vocal cords.  We are born with a certain range of vocal cords, and as we get older we develop new ones.  Some people are able to change their vocal cords as they get older, and some are not.  The more vocal cords you have, the more likely you are to be able to make new ones, and the more you will be able
I think it has to do with the fact that they are two different shades of the same color. 

Pink is red and blue, and blue is white.

White is red, and pink is blue.
I don't know about you, but I get a rush out of being annoying. 

I'm not sure if it's because I'm annoying, or because I enjoy being annoying, but it's a way for me to get out of doing something I don't want to do.
There is a huge debate about the drugs used for capital punishment but seemingly no problems with drug used for death with dignity. 

There are a lot of people who are against the death penalty because they believe that it is cruel and unusual punishment, but there are also people who believe that the drug used is humane and that it will cause pain to the person who is being put to death.
Fax machines have been around for a long time. 

Back in the day, fax machines used thermal paper, which meant that you had to buy a ton of paper to keep them running.  The paper was very expensive, so it was a pain in the ass to keep up with.

Modern fax machines are much more user friendly, but they still require a lot of time and effort to set up and maintain.
Dogs do have accents. It's just that they're not as vocal as we are. 

Dogs have a wide range of vocalizations, but it's mostly due to the way they're bred. They're not genetically wired to have a particular accent, they're just bred to be able to communicate with each other in a way that we can't.
Australia has a lot of experience in the area. 

_URL_0_
There are a lot of reasons for this. 

1. The housing market in New Zealand is extremely expensive.  The average household income is about $10,000 a year.  This means that if you want to live in a decent place, you need to earn at least $20,000 per year to afford it.

2. There is a huge number of people who are homeless because they can't afford to pay their rent.  If you are unemployed, you can't pay your rent, and if you have a bad credit score, you cannot get a job.  You can't
Your body is aware of when it is time to lay down and pass out. 

If you have a heart attack, your heart will stop pumping blood to your brain, and your brain will stop working.  Your brain will then stop working, and you will go into a deep sleep.
Doing leisure activities as a Jewish person on the Shabbat was a way of centering myself. It was also a way for me to get away from the stress of the work week.
Temperature is a measure of the amount of energy a substance has. 

Think of it like this:

If you have a glass of water, it has a certain amount of water in it.  When you heat it up, the water expands and expands.  This expands, and expands, until it reaches a certain temperature.

When you heat up the glass, it expands again, but this time it expands faster than the water before it, and so it gets hotter.  If you heat the glass up again, you expand it again, and expand it faster, until you reach a certain
It depends on the release date. 

If it's a new album, it's usually released on the same day as the album is released.  If it's an old one, it'll be released on a different day.

It's also possible for it to be leaked before it's released, but that's rare.
When the transformer is turned on, it creates a magnetic field.  The magnetic field causes a high voltage across the primary coil, which causes the iron armature (A) to move.  When the armature moves too fast, it causes a short circuit.  This short circuit is what causes the transformer to explode.  

_URL_0_
Derivatives are a set of functions that can be expressed in terms of a differential equation. 

Derivative functions are defined by taking the derivative of a function, and the differential equation is the equation that tells you how much that function is increasing or decreasing.

Diffuse equations are defined as the difference between the derivative and the solution to the equation.
Yes, you can still workout on sore muscles. 

It's called "muscle hyperalgesia" and it's caused by damage to the muscle fibers.  When you work out, your body releases a chemical called lactic acid, which is a waste product of your body's production of energy.  Lactic acid is produced when your body uses a lot of energy to move your muscles, and when you're sore, it's because your body is trying to get rid of it.
I think it's because he's trying to get your attention. He'll come up to you and lick your arms and hands for what seems like hours. He doesn't know what you're doing, he just wants to play with you.
I think it's because it's easier to record a live version of a song than a studio version. 

When you're recording a song, you're trying to make it sound like it's being played live.  It's easier for the audience to hear the live version than the recorded version.
There are two main types of orgasms: clitoral and vaginal. 

The clitoral orgasm is caused by stimulation of the clitoris and the G-spot, which is the area of the vagina that is the most sensitive to clitoral stimulation.  The vaginal orgasm is a result of contractions in the vagina, which are caused by the contraction of the cervix.  This is called retrograde ejaculation.  It is a type of ejaculation that occurs when the vagina contractions stop, and the ejaculate does not reach the ejaculation point.  Some men can ejaculate without reaching orgasm
Tight limbs are broken limbs. 

When you fall, your body is trying to keep you from hitting the ground.  Your muscles are trying to hold you up, but they're not doing a good job of it.  When you hit the ground, they're trying to push you down, but you're not pushing them down.  You're pushing them up, and they're pushing back.  If you don't push them down hard enough, you're going to break them.
Big Ben is the bell tower at the top of the tower of the Tower of London. It was built in the 17th century, and was used by the British Parliament to signal the start of the day. 

The tower was built during the reign of King Edward VII, who was the last monarch of the British Empire.

It is a symbol of the monarchy, as it is the highest tower in the world.
It's not that we spend so much money on defense, it's that we need to be able to defend ourselves. 

The US is the only country in the world with a nuclear arsenal, and we are the only one that can defend ourselves against a nuclear attack.
Your skin is made up of two layers: the outer layer and the inner layer. The outer layer absorbs water from the air, which is what makes your clothes see through. The inner layer absorbs the water from your skin, which causes it to dry out and become see-through.
Because Quebec is a very small province with a lot of small towns and small businesses. It's not a place where you can open a contest.
I'm not sure, but I think it has something to do with the fact that you're not used to waking up in the morning. 

When you sleep, your body adjusts to the new day.  Your muscles are used to sleeping in a certain way.  When you wake up, they are used in a different way, so it's hard for them to adjust.
Humans have evolved to be able to adapt to a wide variety of environments. 

For example, if you want to be smart and fit, you need to have the ability to survive in a wide range of environments, which is why we have been able to survive for thousands of years.

If you're talking about "smart" and "fit", it's not because we're smarter than other species, it's because we've been around for a very long time and we've adapted to a lot of different environments.
When you cook meat, you are breaking down the proteins in the meat, which is what makes it tough. 

When you heat it up too high, you're breaking down these proteins, which causes them to denature, or break down into other substances, which in turn changes the structure and texture of meat, usually reducing its toughness and making it more tender.
It depends on a lot of factors. 

1. The higher ground means that you can see more of the enemy, which means that the enemy can't see you.

2. If you have the upper ground, you have a better chance of being able to see where the enemy is, so you can get a better shot at them.
It's because the sun is lower in the sky than it is in the middle of the day.

It's also because the air is colder in winter than in the summer.
Micromill.  Micromill is a type of mill.  

Electromagnetism is a process that uses a special type of metal to shape a piece of metal into a shape that can be shaped into a watch case.

Micromil is used to shape the metal into the shape of the case.  It is usually done with a special tool called a milling lathe.  The lathe is a machine that spins the metal and turns it into a cylinder.  When the cylinder is formed, it is heated and cooled to the point where it is solid.
It would be like a bank run. 

Banks have a system called fractional reserve banking.  If you withdraw all of your money at the same time, the bank will not be able to keep up with the demand for your money, and will have to shut down.

If the bank runs out of money, they will be forced to borrow money from other banks, which means that they will need to borrow more money from the government.  This means that the government has to pay the money back to the banks, and the government will then have to pay back the money to the bank.
Humanism is not a religion.

It is a philosophy.  It is a belief in the existence of a God, but not a religious one.
Gorillas don't eat a lot of protein, but they do eat plenty of fat. 

They are built primarily for speed, and therefore have a rather different physiology to other dogs of similar size (such as the Newfoundland, St. Bernard, etc.).

Their metabolism is variable and generally below that of homeothermic animals, meaning that they need less energy to maintain their mass than other animals.
You're drying one piece of wet clothes in the dryer at a time. 

The dryer heats up the air faster than the wet one, so it takes longer for the dry one to dry.
We can harness the rotational energy of the earth, but it would require a massive amount of energy. 

We could use it to power satellites, but that would require massive amounts of energy and would require huge amounts of space travel.
I think it's because when you talk to an adult with a high voice, you're hearing their voice in a different way than when you're talking to a baby. 

When you're a baby, you can't hear the difference in pitch between your voice and an adult's voice, but when you hear it in a baby's voice you can hear it.
Calculus is a branch of mathematics focused on limits, functions, derivatives, integrals, and infinite series. 

Algebra is a way of thinking about things in terms of numbers.  For example, if you want to know how many points are in a circle, you need to figure out how many of them are in the circle.  Calculus helps you do this.
Your body doesn't "learn" to use less oxygen, it "learns" to breathe less oxygen. 

When you exercise, your body releases a hormone called erythropoietin, which is a hormone that regulates the production of hemoglobin (the protein that binds oxygen) in your blood.  The hormone is released when your body is in a situation where it needs more oxygen than it can get from the air.  When your body stops producing hemoglobin, it stops producing it, and your body has to start using less oxygen to make more hemoglobin.

This is called "
Asteroids are very hard to find. They are very dim and difficult to see from Earth. 

The best way to find them is to look for them in the night sky.

If you look for an asteroid in the sky, you can see it from the ground, but if you look at it from space you can't see it because it's too far away. 


_URL_0_
When you turn your phone off, your phone is not connected to the internet, it is connected to a network. When you turn it back on, the network connects to your phone and connects it to the tower. The tower connects the tower to the phone, and the tower connects to the cell tower.

The tower connects your phone to the network, and then the tower sends the tower's IP address and phone number to the handset. The phone is then connected to your tower, and when you turn the phone back on it connects back to your network.
Your cable box doesn't have the bandwidth to handle a 4 minute 480p video, it has the bandwidth for your internet to handle it. 

Your internet is using the same amount of bandwidth as your cable box, but the cable box is using more bandwidth than your internet.
When you pee, your brain sends a voluntary signal to your bladder to begin urinating. Your brain interprets this as an urge to stop, so you do.
I think it has to do with the way your brain interprets sound.

When you hear a sound, your brain has two ears, one in each ear, and one in the back of your head. When you hear the sound, you hear it coming from one ear, but your head interprets it as if it's coming from the other ear. 

This is called the "acoustic shadowing effect".

It's a phenomenon that happens when the sound waves travel through your brain at different speeds.  When you're listening to a song, your ears are both hearing the same sound
I think it has to do with a lot of things. 

1. You're not good at math because you don't know how to do it.

2. You don't have a good understanding of how it works.
Your tongue is made up of a bunch of nerve cells. When you drink cofee, the cofee heats up your tongue, causing it to contract, which causes the nerve cells to fire. This causes your tongue to feel hot.
I think it's because it's a Christian saying. 

"Let them eat cake" is a Christian superstition.  It means that if you let something come between you and someone else, it will bring you bad luck.  If you let them eat the cake, it means they will eat it too.
Sound waves travel at a certain frequency, and when you speed up the speed of the video, you're increasing the frequency of the sound waves. 

When you're recording a video, the video is being recorded at 60 frames per second, and the audio is recorded at 25 frames/s 50 field/s.  When you speed it up, the audio waves are traveling at 60/50 Hz, which is the same frequency as the video waves are travelling at.

However, if you speed the video up, you increase the frequency at which the audio wave is traveling.  This causes the audio
The US government is not the one who carried out 9/11. It was the terrorists who did it, and the US government was the one that did it.
They don't respond to human touch, they respond to haptic feedback.

When you touch the screen, the phone uses a sensor to detect the movement of your fingers. When you touch it, it sends a signal to the phone's accelerometer and gyroscope, which tells the phone that you're touching the screen. The phone then uses that signal to tell the phone what you're doing.
They don't know. 

They just know when it's time to wipe.
Tin is made up of a lot of different materials.  Plastic and paper are made of the same material, but tin is made of tin.  When you drop a piece of tin on the ground, it will bounce off of the ground and bounce back off the ground.

Paper is made out of paper, so it doesn't bounce back as well.  Tin, on the other hand, is a very hard material, so when it hits the ground it bounces back off of it.  This means that when you drop it, the sound waves are traveling at a different rate to the surrounding environment.
The hardware inside pregnancy tests works like this:

1. The strip is coated with a chemical that binds to the ovaries.

2. When the ovary is stimulated, it releases a hormone called progesterone, which is a hormone that causes ovaries to produce eggs. 

3. The hormone is released by the ovum, which causes the test to detect that it is pregnant.
I think it has to do with the fact that when you're awake, your brain is trying to process the information it's receiving from your senses. When you're asleep, you don't have the ability to process that information, so your brain doesn't have time to process it.
Eggs are a very versatile ingredient. They can be used in a lot of different ways.

For example:

1. They are a great source of calcium, which is a very important ingredient in many foods. 

2. They have a very high calcium content, which makes them a good source of protein.
Mosquitoes thrive in temperate climates where temperatures do not exceed 25 degrees Celsius. 

We are in the middle of the equator.
We don't have a device that can separate salt from salt water and make it drinkable. 

We do have reverse osmosis, but it takes a lot of energy to make it work.
GSEs are a type of government sponsored enterprise (GSE). 

Basically, the government subsidizes a company so that they can borrow money from the government.  
 
The idea is that the government will lend money to the GSEs so that the company can grow and hire more people.

The problem is that these companies are often run by people who are not qualified to run the company.  They are often people who don't have the skills or experience to run a business.  This means that they are not able to compete with other companies, and they can't compete
I think it's because when you click the red x, it stops the program from executing. 

It's a bug in the code.

When you open a new window, the program doesn't know what to do with it, so it stops it.  When you close the window, it starts up the program again.
I think it has to do with the energy of the audience. When you're playing live, you're surrounded by other people who are also playing music. You're not just playing your own music, but you're also interacting with the people around you. 

When you're in a recording studio, there's a lot of pressure on the musicians to get it right. They're trying to get the right sound, the right timing, and the right amount of detail right. When they're performing live, they don't have to worry about getting it right, they can just do what they want.
Lunar orbit is a lot closer to Earth than Mars, so it's easier to get to and from the moon. 

Mars, on the other hand, is much farther away from Earth, and it's much harder to get from Earth to Mars.
The average temperature of the universe is 454.76F. 

Ice is a naturally occurring state of water.
The alternator doesn't charge the car's battery. The alternator is used to power the alternator, not the battery.
>  How did Edward Snowden manage to steal/transport over 400,000 documents?

He was a contractor for the NSA.  He had access to a lot of classified information, and he was able to get access to many of the classified documents.  

It's not clear how he managed to do it, but it's possible that he was given access to classified information by someone who was working for the US government.  It's also possible that it was someone who happened to have access to the same kind of information that he did.
The bubbles in soda are carbon dioxide. 

When you drink soda, you're drinking carbonated water, which is carbonated by adding sodium bicarbonate to the water.  Sodium is a naturally occurring element in the water, and when you add it to the soda, it makes it carbonated.

The carbon dioxide in soda is dissolved in water, but when it's added to water, it's dissolved in a solution of carbonic acid.  When the soda is opened, the pressure is released, allowing gas to exit the solution, forming the characteristic bubbles.
Alcohol is a diuretic, which means that it breaks down the alcohol in your body.

Antibiotics are diuretics, which are anti-bacterial drugs. They work by inhibiting acetaldehyde dehydrogenase, which is the enzyme that breaks down alcohol into acetaldehyde and acetaldehyde, which can cause vomiting, nausea, and shortness of breath.
We can give dogs a pill, but they don't make one for people.

Dogs don't have the same immune system as humans, so they can't get the same amount of DEET as we can.
Humans have one set of eyelids.  It's called the parietal eye, and it's the one that's used for blinking.  Birds have a third eyelid, which is used for looking at the ground.

Animals that have a second set of eyes are called parietal eyes.  Parietal eyes are the ones that are used to see the ground, and the third eye is used to look at the sky.
It depends on the strength of the person being hit. 

If you hit someone in the back of the head from behind, it will knock them unconscious.  If you hit them in the front of their head, you'll knock them out.
Processors are made of transistors.  

The size of the transistors is a measure of how many transistors are in a chip.  The more transistors you have, the more power you have.  So, if you make a chip that has 10,000 transistors, it will have 10 times more power than a chip with 1,000.

If you make the chip smaller, you can make it more power efficient.  This means that you can use more power to do the same amount of work, but you don't need as much transistors to do it.
Over the counter drugs are made up of a lot of different things. 

For example, if you're looking for an anti-depressant, you can find it on Amazon.

If you are looking for antihistamines, you'll find them on Amazon, but they're not the same thing. They're made of different ingredients, and they're sold in different forms. 


For instance, if I'm looking for a pain reliever, I'll look for a brand name brand name drug, and I'll buy it from Amazon. But if I want a generic brand name, I
Copy right is a legal concept that allows you to sue a patent holder for patent infringement. 

A patent is not a legal right, it's a legal contract.  It's like a contract between two people.  If you want to sue someone, you have to prove that they infringe on your patent.  You have to show that they are infringing on your invention, and that they have the right to sue you for infringement.

If you don't have a patent, you can't sue them.  They can sue you, and you can sue them back, but they can't win
I think it's because of the way the book is printed.  

When the pages are printed, they are printed on a sheet of paper that is folded in half.  The edges of the paper are cut out so that they are flush with the rest of the page.  When the paper is printed, the edges are not perfectly flush.  This means that there is a lot of space between the edges of each page, which is why some books have uneven cut pages and some have perfectly flush pages.

Edit: I'm not sure if this is correct, but I'm going to assume
I don't know about you, but I think it has something to do with the way your brain works. 

When you learn a language, your brain tries to make sense of what you're learning.  It's not so much that you forget the language, it's that you don't understand it.  When you stop using it, you stop being able to understand it, and your brain is left with nothing to work with.

This is why it's so hard to learn a new language.  If you're fluent in one language, but not fluent in another, you're going to
It's not about the money, it's about the sense of community.

In the US, there are a lot of people who don't want to live with their parents because they don't think they will be able to support them.  They don't like the idea of being dependent on them.
Yes, you can. 

If you own 100% of the house, you need to put down a down payment of at least 20% to get a mortgage.  If you don't have that down payment, you will need to borrow money from a bank.

You can also use the money you earn from renting the house to pay for the down payment on the second house.
It's not a measurement, it's a standard. 

There are a lot of different types of typefaces, and each typeface has its own size.  For example, if you want to make a font that is 12x12x12, you need to make sure that the font weights are the same.  If you want a font with 12 weights, you have to make it bigger.  You can't make it smaller than 12.
If you don't file your taxes on time, you're not going to get a refund. 

If you do, you owe money to the government.

You owe the government money because you didn't pay your taxes in time.
They make money from advertising. 

Tobacco companies make money by selling cigarettes to people who don't want to buy them.

The truth is that they don't make money selling cigarettes, they make money through advertising.
They don't check for people in radius of the test.

The military has a hotline that they can call if they need to.
It's not really legal in most western countries. 

In the US, trade secrets are protected by the Espionage Act of 1917, which was passed in response to the publication of classified information by Edward Snowden.
Yale has had a lot of problems in the past. 

In the past, the university was known for being a bastion of liberal arts education.  It was a place where you could go to get a good education, get a job, and get a degree.

The problem is that the university has become more and more liberal in the last few years, and the students have become less and less interested in getting a degree and more interested in being able to get jobs.  This has led to the university having to cut back on the number of courses they offer, which has resulted in a
It's called "subliminal fear" and it's caused by your amygdala, which is the part of your brain that is responsible for detecting danger. 

When you see a person high up, your brain sends a signal to your amygdala telling it that there is a threat, and your heart rate increases and your blood pressure increases.

If you're not actually in danger, you don't feel the same way.
The bottle is filled with hydrogen gas, and the water is pushed out of the bottle by the pressure of the water. The pressure causes the water to expand, which causes the bottle to explode.

_URL_0_
It's not entirely due to their inability to mate without wives, or other causes as well.  

In LOTR, the Ent-Wives were not the only ones who were unable to mate.  There were a lot of other reasons as well, but the main one is that they were not able to reproduce.  They didn't have the resources to do so.
Some strains of marijuana get their sweet smell/taste from the resin in the bark of the plant. 

Root beer, blueberry, etc. are derived from the sap of the tree that produces the sweet smell.
Life insurance is not a loan.  It is a promise that you will be paid out at the end of your life.  

If you don't live long enough to be able to pay out, the insurance company has to pay you back.  If you live a long enough life, the life insurance company will pay out a lot of money to you.

This is why life insurance is so cheap in relation to the amount of money it pays out.
Dentistry was an important part of life for thousands of years, but it wasn't as important as it is today. 

Dental care was important because it was the only way to keep your teeth from rotting out, and it was a way to prevent disease.

People didn't eat enough to keep their teeth healthy, and they didn't drink enough water to keep them healthy.
I think it has to do with the fact that when you are feeling bad, your body is trying to get rid of the stress. When you take a deep breath, your heart rate increases and your blood pressure drops, which causes your body to take in more oxygen, which makes you feel better.
Imagine you have a picture in your head of what you want to see. You can see it in your mind, but you don't know what it is. You just know that you want it to look like.

When you imagine something, your brain is trying to make sense of it. It's like a puzzle. You're trying to figure out what it looks like, but your brain doesn't know how to do it. So you imagine it, and your brain tries to figure it out.
Binary information is stored as a series of binary numbers. 

When you write a program, you are writing binary numbers, and the computer interprets them into binary code.

For example, if you have a program that says "load b; add c; load a", the computer will write a binary code that says:

1. Load b
2. Add c
3. Load a
4. Add a
5. Load c
6. Add b
7. Do a bunch of other things
8. Do something else
9. Do another thing
10.
Region lock is not beneficial for anyone.

It is beneficial for the company that makes the game, because it prevents people from buying the game in a region where the game is not available. 

For example, if you want to sell a game in the UK, you can't sell it in the US, because the UK doesn't allow you to sell the game there.
It's not that swords are rare, it's that they're rare because they're made of different materials. 

In the Middle Ages, swords were made of wood, and they were made by hand.  They were made from wood that was very hard to make, and very expensive to make.  It's not uncommon for swords to be made of other materials, such as bronze, but they're not as common as they used to be.

The reason swords are so rare is because of the way they are made, and the fact that they are very difficult to make and expensive to produce.
I'm not sure what you mean by "well produced", but I'll give it a shot. 

If it's well produced, it means that it's got a lot of depth to it.  It's not just about the music, it's about the overall sound.  If you're talking about the production, you mean the overall feel of the album.  There's a lot to it than just the music itself, but it's also about the sound of the band.  The band is a big part of it, but they're not the only part.  They're also the ones
Principle components analysis is the study of the relationship between a number of factors. 

For example, if you have a piece of metal, and you want to know what it's made of, you can look at how much it weighs, and how much of it is made of metal.

If you have something that weighs a lot of metal (say, a car, or a car battery), you can use principle components analysis to figure out how much weight it has.
The Canadian government is suing the cell phone companies because they don't want to have to pay a monopoly price for cell phone service.

The government is trying to force them to lower their prices so that they can compete with each other.
Tax evasion is when you don't pay taxes on income you earn.

Tax avoidance is where you pay tax on income that you earn, but don't report it.
They don't. 

It's not that the bullet hits the opponent, it hits the ground.

The bullet travels at the same speed as the gun, so the game knows where the bullet came from.
Reddit is using a new algorithm called [ClustalW](_URL_0_). 

It's an algorithm that's been around for a long time, but it's not very good at sorting large amounts of data.

The problem is that it takes a lot of time to sort a large amount of data, especially if you're dealing with linked lists and lists of multiple columns.  
 
The best way to sort data is to use a list of columns, and if you have a large number of columns in a list, you need to sort them in such a way that
There are a lot of people who believe that the evidence for global warming is not 100% solid, and that it is not caused by human activity. 

There are also some people who don't believe that human activity is causing global warming, and are trying to use it as an excuse to deny the existence of climate change.

Some of these people are funded by fossil fuel companies, some by the government, and some by private individuals.
I think it has something to do with the fact that hamsters can't walk on their back legs.  They have a condition called bumblefoot.  It causes them to arch their back when they run.  This causes their back to hurt, and they can't stand on their feet.  So they have to run on a wheel.

_URL_0_
Single malt scotch is made from the same grain as the rest of the whisky, but it's aged in different types of casks.  

Whiskey that is aged in single malt casks is usually aged for a longer period of time than other whiskeys.  This is because it has a higher alcohol content, which makes it more desirable.  It's also because it's made from a single malt grain, which means that it's not blended with other grains.  The reason it's desirable is that it is made by a single distillery, which is a small, independent dist
Water is a very important part of your body, and it's a vital part of how your body functions. Without it, your body can't function properly, and if you're not able to get enough water, you will die.
When you yawn, your muscles contract, which causes the air in your middle ear to move out of your ears. This causes a rumbling sound.
The US dollar was created in the early 1900s as a replacement for the three-cent dime, which was used for small change in the far west, where there was a shortage of small change.
Microsoft has been at war with Intel for a long time. 

In the early days of the company, they were both competing in the computer hardware market.

Microsoft was the dominant player in the PC market, and Intel was the leading player in graphics cards, and they were the dominant players in the hard drive market, so they were in a position where they could not compete with each other.
Deflation is when the value of money is lower than it was in the past.

Inflation is when money is worth more than it used to be. 

For example, if you want to buy a car, you need to have a lot of money to buy it.  If you don't have enough money, you can't buy the car, so you have to sell it. If you have too much money, it becomes harder for you to get the car you want, so the price of the car goes down.  This causes people to hold on to their money and not spend it
There was a time when there were no fast methods for communication. In fact, there was no communication at all. 

Kingdoms were ruled by people who lived in villages, not cities. They lived in small villages, and they had to travel long distances to communicate with each other. They didn't have the luxury of sending messengers to travel from village to village, or city to city, or town to town, or village to town. They had to send messengers back and forth to each other, and if they didn't, they had no way of knowing where they were.

There were
Tonsils serve two purposes. 

1. They help fight off bacteria and viruses.

2. They allow you to swallow.
The US is a superpower.  It is considered a superpower and a determinant of the world's military spending.
I'm not sure, but I think it has something to do with the way your brain interprets the world around you. 

When you are young, your brain is still developing and learning how to process information.  It's still developing, so it's hard for your brain to process all of the information it needs to process.

Your brain has a lot of processing power, but it doesn't have as much processing power as other parts of the brain.  When you're young, you don't have enough processing power to process everything you see, hear, or feel, so your brain has
Pointers are a way to store data in memory. 

A pointer is a pointer to a data type.  It's like an address, but it's also a type.

Imagine you have a list of numbers, and you want to know how many of them are in that list.  So you write down the address of the first number, and then you point to the second number.  You can do this by adding or subtracting the number from the first one.  If you do this, you get a list with the number of numbers in it, and if you add or subtract
The five primary senses are sight, hearing, smell, touch, taste, and time.  

Your eyes are made up of two types of photoreceptors: rods and cones.  The rods are very sensitive to light, and the cones are sensitive to color.

When light hits your eyes, they send out electrical impulses.  These impulses are sent to your brain, and your brain interprets them as information.  This information is then sent back to your ears, which then sends it to your nose, which is your mouth, and finally to your taste buds.
I think it's because the fly is too fast for the swatter to catch up with it.

It's not that the fly isn't fast, it's that it's too small. 

If you were to hit a fly with a baseball bat, you'd hit it in the back of the head.  If you hit it on the side of its head, it'd hit the ground, but it'd miss the baseball bat.
It depends on the type of visa you are applying for. 

Business visas are for people who want to work in the United States for a short period of time.

Student visas are generally for students who are studying in the US for a year or two.  They are usually given to people who are doing a course in a US university, but can also work in other countries for a long time.  If you are a student, you can apply for a student visa for the duration of your course, but you have to be able to prove that you have a job in the U.S.
They can't. 

The patent expires in 2026.

They can make a generic version of the drug, but they can't sell it at the same price as the brand name drug.
Your immune system is programmed to recognize certain antigensors and produce antibodies against them. These antibodies are then used by your body to fight the virus. 

When you get the chickenpox, your immune system recognizes the antigen and produces antibodies against it. The antibodies are called germinal center-dependent memory B cells, and they are the ones that produce the antibodies.
The water resistance of a watch is not so much the water resistance as it is the amount of time it takes for the water to drain out of the case. 

The case is made out of a material that has a very high amount of water resistance.  The case is very thin, so if you drop it in the ocean, it will not be able to withstand the weight of the water.

If you put a watch in a glass case, the water will drain out, but if you put it in a stainless steel case, it won't.
The brain is not a single structure. It is a collection of many different structures. 

When you think of a memory, you are thinking of it in terms of a sequence of events that happen in your brain.  You have the hippocampus, the temporal lobe, the parahippocampal cortex, the cerebellum, and the prefrontal cortex.  These are all parts of the brain that are involved in storing and storing memories.  The hippocampus is the one that is responsible for storing semantic memories.

The cerebellums are the ones that are responsible for semantic memories, the cerebral cortex is
Communism was an evil concept in America during the Cold War because it was based on the belief that the only way to survive was to have a communist government. 

The USSR was a communist state, and the US was a capitalist state.
Sailing works by using the force of the wind on the sail to propel the craft forward. 

Tacking is when the sail is pulled up, and the crew adjusts the angle with respect to the moving sailing craft and sometimes by adjusting the sail area.

Luffing is when you pull the leading edge of the sail (leech) taut when close to the wind, and you use the leech to pull the sail up. 


Beating is when your boat is pulling the sail in the opposite direction of the prevailing wind.
When to use JPEG and when to use PNG:

1. JPEG is a compression format.

2. PNG is a file format that uses compression to compress images. 

3. When to use.jpg and when use.png:

 >  When you're trying to compress an image, it's best to use the.jpeg extension.  If you don't want to compress it, you can use.png.
Short links like _URL_0_ work because the server knows that you're trying to access a page on the same URL as the one you're looking for. 

URL_1_ is just a way for the server to tell your browser which page you want to access.

Short links are a way to tell the browser to go to the same page as you are looking for, but instead of sending it to the server, it sends it to your browser, which then sends it back to you.
Antimatter is not a byproduct of thunderstorms, it's a by-product of the atmosphere. 

Thunderstorms are caused by a lot of things, but one of the most important ones is that they cause the atmosphere to get wet.  The water in the atmosphere is constantly being pushed around by the wind.  This causes the water molecules in the air to be pushed around, and this causes them to be ionized.  
 
When this happens, the water is ionized, and the energy of this ionizing energy is released into the air.  When this energy is
They use a combination of analog and digital technology. 

They use an analog transmitter and digital receiver.

The transmitter uses a transmitter that uses a very small amount of power to transmit the signal, and the receiver uses an analog receiver to receive the signal.  The receiver is connected to a computer, which receives the signal from the transmitter and converts it to digital.  Then it sends the signal back to the receiver, which is then broadcast to the viewer.  This is done by using a transmitter and receiver that uses very small amounts of power.  If you want to watch a movie, you can
Black holes bend spacetime in such a way that the paths taken by particles that reach infinity with zero velocity are bent towards the mass of the black hole. 

Imagine you have a ball.  If you put the ball in the middle of the universe, you can see that the ball is moving at the speed of light.  But if you put it on the other side of a black hole, the ball will be going at the same speed as it is now.  This is because the ball's momentum is being deformed by gravity.  
   


If you put a ball on the opposite side of the hole, in the equatorial plane, where the clock
I'm not an atheist, but I'm not a Christian. I believe in God. 

I don't know why people still believe in him, but it's because it's part of who we are.

There are a lot of people who believe that there is a higher power, but they don't really know what that higher power is. They just know that it exists.
Diamonds are graded using a system called the [GIA system](_URL_0_).  

The GIA system was developed by the Gemological Institute of America (GIA) in the early 1950s.  The GIA is a non-profit organization that grades gemstones based on a number of criteria.  These include color, cut, clarity, weight, clarity and clarity.  

 >  Quality:

A gemologist can determine the quality of a diamond by looking at it with a magnifying glass.  They can also look at it through a microscope.
Baking is a process of convection, which is the process of moving heat from one place to another. 

Air is a conductor of heat, so a parcel of air will rise and fall without exchanging heat.

When the air is hot, it tends to expand, which lowers its density.  When it cools down, it expands again, which causes the temperature to drop.  This causes the air pressure to drop, which makes it harder for the food to cook.
Unions are a form of collective bargaining between employers and employees.  

The idea is that if you work for a company, and you don't want to work for that company, you should join a union.  The company will pay you more money if you join, and the union will give you better wages and benefits if you do.

If the company doesn't want you to join the union, they can fire you.  This is called collective bargaining.
The Hardy-Weinberg Equilibrium Model is based on the fact that entropy is a measure of the amount of energy in a system. 

If entropy is zero, then the system is in equilibrium.

But if entropy is positive, then it is in a state where it is always increasing.
They don't live in the same places all the time.  They live in different parts of the world. 

In the US, they live in a lot of different places.  In the UK, they are found all over the place.

They can be found in the middle of the country, in the woods, on hillsides, in grassy areas, and in the open country.
It's not that they don't want to advertise against their own product, it's that they're trying to get people to buy their product.  

If you're buying a razor, and you don't like it, you're not going to buy a Gillette razor.  You're going to go to someone else's razor.
I think it has to do with money.

Bands and choruses are expensive and require a lot of time and effort. 

Football, basketball, and baseball are free, so they can be put to other uses.
The moon is not home to abundant resources.

It is home to a lot of resources, but not enough to sustain a permanent human presence.
A deficit is the difference between government spending and revenues.

If you give the government $1,000 this year, it can say it is taxing you $100 and will pay you back $100 in 10 years. If you give them $100, they can say they are spending $100 this year and paying you back with $100.



If they spend $100 but don't pay you $1 in 10s, then they say they spent $100 on 10s of 10 years of 10s. 

The difference between deficit and national debt
IPv6 is the successor to IPv4. 

IPv4 was the first version of the Internet Protocol (IP).  It was developed in the early days of the internet, and was used by the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C).  The W3C is the organization that runs the Internet, and it is responsible for managing the IPv4 address space.  It is used to route traffic between the global allocation spaces and within customer networks between subnets and the Internet at large.

In IPv4, the address space is limited to 32 bits.  This means that you can
Fractions in math are the sum of two numbers. 

1/2 = 1

2/3 = 2

3/4 = 3

4/5 = 4

5/6 = 5

6/7 = 6

7/8 = 7

8/9 = 8

9/10 = 9

10/11 = 10

11/12 = 11

12/13 = 12

13/14 = 13

14/15 = 14

15/16 = 15

16/17 = 16
Atheists don't swear on the bible. They don't believe in God, they believe in a higher power.
The President is the head of the executive branch of the government.  The Prime Minister is the leader of the legislature.  He or she is elected by the people and has to have the confidence of the majority of the members of parliament.

The President can dismiss ministers individually and can dissolve the government on his own initiative.
Opiates are a class of G-protein coupled receptors (GPCR). These receptors fall into 3 classes:  (mu),  (delta), and  (kappa) receptors. When an Opiate binds as an agonist to the GPCR, there will be a signalling cascade resulting in the inhibition of Adenylate Cyclase & Calcium ion channels with the stimulation of neurotransmitters (endorphins) in the brain.

When a drug binds to one of these GPCRs, it causes a cascade of events in the cell that causes it to release endorphins
Human bones have been around for thousands of years. 

We don't know how long they've been there, but we do know that they have been in the ground for a long time.

There are a few places where we can find human bones, but it's not common.
It gives the terrorist group some time to prepare for the attack.  If they know that they are going to be attacked, they will be more likely to plan and prepare for it.

If they don't know, they won't be able to prepare.
Eggs have proteins that denature at different temperatures, but once you boil them they turn bad in a day or two if kept unrefrigerated.
When you are stressed, your body's sympathetic nervous system is activated. This is the part of your body that regulates your heart rate, blood pressure, and blood flow to certain parts of the body. 

When your body is stressed, it is also activating your parasympathetic nervous system, which regulates your muscles. This causes your muscles to contract, which causes your knees to get weak.
He was a genius. 

He was the first person to realize that electricity could be used to transmit sound.  He was also the first man to build a device that could convert sound into electricity.
Shampoo foam is made up of a mixture of alcohol, sugar, and glycerin. 

When you put shampoo in your hair, you're adding alcohol to the water, which causes it to dissolve in the water.

The alcohol and sugar dissolve into the water so that it looks white.
They were on Trading Places to make tons of money. 

The stock market is a very complicated business.  
 
You buy shares of a company and sell them at a certain price.  If the price goes up, the company's stock will go up, and if it goes down, you will lose money.

So Billy Ray Valentine and Louis Winthorpe bought a lot of shares of the company, and sold them at the end of the trading day.  They are now sitting on a bunch of money, and they are going to use that money to buy more shares of
Some people survive getting amputated, while others die by slitting their wrists. 

Slitting your wrists is not the same as amputating your other limbs.

When you cut your wrist, you are severing the ligaments that hold your limbs together.  The ligaments are connected to the bones and tendons that make up your body, and if they were severed, they would not be able to grow back.  This is why you can't amputate your fingers or toes.
They don't. 

It's scripted, but the wrestlers are allowed to do whatever they want.

They can break from script if they feel like it, but they're not allowed to.
Baileys Irish Cream is made by separating the milk fat from the cream and then adding a thickening agent to keep it together. 

This process is called homogenization.

When the cream is made, the fat is separated from the rest of the milk, and the alcohol is added to keep the cream together.
It's called the "Cheese dream" and it's caused by the fact that it's a very strong cheese.

When you eat a lot of cheese, you start to feel the cheese in your mouth, which causes your brain to think that you're eating a piece of cheese and that's why you're having a dream.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it's because of the way the animal was injured. 

A human would have died of a similar injury, but it would have been much more severe and would have required immediate medical attention.

An animal that was injured in the same way would not have been able to survive for long.
The Daily Show is not a conservative show, it's a liberal show. It's a satire show. 

It's not like they're trying to make a conservative version of the Daily Show, they're just trying to be funny.
I don't think there is a scientific explanation as to why certain songs never get old.

I think it has to do with the fact that when you listen to a song, you are reminded of what it was like to listen to it when you were a kid.  When you hear it as an adult, you can't remember what it sounded like when you first heard it.
They would be attracted to today's woman, but they would not have been attracted to her because they would have had no idea what she was capable of doing. 

They would have found her attractive because she was a woman, not because she is a man.
Timbre is the quality of a note. 

It's a measure of the way a note vibrates in the air.  It's the difference between the frequency of the sound and the amount of time it takes for the sound to reach your ear.  If you're playing a guitar, you're vibrating the strings in a way that causes them to vibrate at a different rate than if you were playing a bass guitar.  This means that the timbre of the note is affected by the speed at which the strings are vibrating.

If you are playing a saxophone, you are
Your brain sends a signal to your muscles that tells them to do something, and they do it. 

Your brain also sends signals to your body that tell it what to do, and it does it.
Because the air in the basement is colder than the rest of the house. 

The reason is because it's colder because there's less air to move the heat from the outside to the inside.

In a house, the air is constantly moving from one room to the next, so the temperature difference between the inside and the outside doesn't change much. In a basement, however, there's not enough air for the heat to move from the inside to the outside, so it stays the same.
Marbles are made up of a bunch of tiny little balls that have a lot of energy in them. 

Glass, on the other hand, is made out of a solid substance.  When you hit it with a rock, you're applying a lot more energy to the surface of the glass than you are to the marbles.  So, when you hit the glass, you are applying more stress to the glass.

When you hit a marble, the energy is released into the air, and the air is absorbed by the marble.  This is why marbles bounce when they hit the
Alarm clocks have a 9 minute snooze time because it's easier for you to wake up when the alarm clock is set for 9:00.
Maxis was making a lot of money, but they weren't making enough money to cover the costs of making the games they were making. 

They were losing money, and EA didn't want to pay them enough to keep them going.
If you had an indestructible pole that was long enough to reach another galaxy, it would move many light years in an instant if you were to move it a few inches on the ground?
I think it's because when you go to sleep, your brain doesn't have time to process what's going on around you. Your brain is still processing what's happening around you, so your eyes are telling your brain to focus on what you're seeing. 

When you wake up, you have a lot of time to think about what's around you and what's in front of you, and your brain is trying to make sense of it all.

So when you look at a picture of someone's face, you're trying to figure out what they're looking at, and it's hard to
Some people can cry on demand, yet some people can't even after major trauma (Physical/Emotional)
The point of a gun barrel is to move the center of gravity away from the body and give it an ergonomic heft, and to allow the barrel to be easier to fit into the chamber. 

If you want to make the barrel as short as possible, you need to make it so that the barrel is too long to fit in the chamber of the gun, and the chamber is too short to be able to hold a round.  
 
The longer the barrel, the longer it takes for the bullet to go through the rifling, the harder it is to fit the bullet into the
Coffee flavoured energy drinks contain a lot of sugar and caffeine. Milk is made with skim milk, which has less sugar and less caffeine.
HBO GO is not a cable channel, it's a satellite channel.

Comcast is a cable company, not a satellite provider. 

The FCC regulates cable companies, not satellite providers.
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy is a book written by Douglas Adams.  It's about a guy named Arthur Dent who travels through the universe, trying to figure out where he is and what he is looking for.  He finds out that he is not alone in his quest, and that there are other Hitchhikers out there who are also trying to find him.  

The book is written in the style of a text adventure game.  You read the text, and then you have to solve the puzzles in order to get to the end.  The game is called "Hitch
Mao Zedong was the leader of the Communist Party of China (CPC) during the Cultural Revolution. During this time, China was experiencing a period of economic and social change, which led to the rise of the middle class. 

During this period, Mao Zedong decided that the Chinese people needed to be educated, and that they needed to learn how to work for the benefit of the country.  This was a very difficult thing to do in China, and it was not easy for the people to do.

In order to do this, Mao decided that he was going to start a Cultural Revolution,
An integrated circuit is a collection of individual components, such as transistors, resistors, capacitors, inductors and diodes, connected by conductive wires or traces through which electric current can flow.  

An analog circuit is made up of a single piece of semiconductor, and a digital circuit is composed of a bunch of individual pieces of semiconductors.  An integrated circuit can be used to do a lot of things.  For example, if you want to make a radio signal, you can use an integrated circuit to connect the transistors to the radio signal.  If you want
Chomsky's idea of transformational grammar is that there are rules that can be applied to the structure of sentences. 

For example, if you have a sentence that says "You always met this talkshow host you always detested" and you want to say "I always hated that talkshow", you can use the sentence "I never met this showshow host" as a verb.

If you use "you always hated" as an auxiliary verb, you can apply the same rules to that sentence, but you can also apply them to other sentences, and so on.
I think it has to do with the way the brain works. 

When you're young, your brain has a lot of neurons firing.  When you get older, the neurons stop firing, and your brain is left with less and less energy to fire.  This means that you can't do as many things as you used to.  
 
Your brain can't store as much information as it used to, so it takes more time for it to process the information.  Your brain has to store more and more information as you age, and it takes longer and longer to process it.
The Electoral College is made up of actual people, not just a way of counting votes.  It's not a way to count votes, it's a way for Congress to decide who gets to be president.  

In the early days of the United States, the president was elected by the states, and the electors were chosen by the state legislatures.  The electors were appointed by the governors of each state, and were chosen to represent the interests of the state's people.  In other words, the electors are the people.
Give a man a gun and he will rob a bank.

If you have a gun, give him a bank, and he'll rob the bank.
The par score is determined by multiplying the number of holes played by each player by their handicap. 

For example, if you have a handicap of 20, and you play a round of golf on a course with a slope rating of 126, you can calculate how many holes you would have to play in order to make a par.

If you play the same round on a different course, you could calculate the slope rating, and then divide by your handicap to get a par score. 


The slope rating is a measure of how much easier the course is, and how much harder
They pump fuel into the tanks. 

There are two tanks at the airport, one for jet fuel and one for regular fuel.

The jet fuel is pumped into the tank, and the regular fuel is transferred to the tanker.  The tanker then pumps the jet fuel out of the tank.
If the sights are above the barrel on a gun, how are they accurate?

They are accurate because the barrel is offset from the barrel by about 1.25 inches. 

If the sight is below the barrel, you can't see the distance to the target, but you can see the angle between the barrel and the sight.

When you see a target, the distance is measured in millimeters.  If you look at the distance between the sight and the barrel you can calculate how far away the target is.  This is done by measuring the angle of the barrel to the sight,
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm going to try to explain it.

Foot fetishism is a form of olfactophilia.  It's caused by the smell of your feet.  The smell of the soles of your shoes can stimulate your sense of smell.  You can also feel the pressure of a shoe on your feet, which can stimulate the same area of the brain that controls your genitals.  This is why some people find it pleasurable to lick their feet.
The Earth's orbit would not change.  It would be tilted slightly, but it would still be in the same direction.

If you jump off the moon, you would hit the earth at the same speed as the moon.  If you hit the Earth, you'd hit the moon at a different speed, and the earth would be in a different orbit.
They don't. 

They measure the distance between the two ends of the marking line.  They use a measuring device that measures the distance from the ground to the paint.  Then they use a special tool called a marking shoe.  The marking shoe is much wider than other marking machines, so they can measure the gap between the marking shoe and the road.  When they mark the line, they use the marking shoes to measure how wide the gap is between the paint and the ground.  If the paint gap is too small, they can't mark it.

If the paint is too large
They are not natural. 

They are created by a farmer flattening a crop, usually a cereal.

It is not a natural phenomenon.  It is a hoax.  They are not caused by natural causes.  There is no evidence that they are not man-made.
Java is a bytecode language.  It's written on top of the Dalvik virtual machine.  The Dalvik Virtual Machine is a piece of software that runs on the hardware.  

iOS is written in native code.  This means that it has to be compiled into bytecode.

Android, on the other hand, has a set of libraries that are written in Java.  These libraries are called "JavaBeans".  They're written in a language called Java SE, and they're written for the Android OS.  So, if you're writing an Android app in Java, you
They don't. 

They use their sense of direction to determine which way to go, and then they use the distance between the points to determine where they want to go.

If you want to build a web from A to B, you need to know where to start and where to end.  If you don't know, then you can't build it.
I think it has to do with the fact that our brains are wired to be able to tell if something is close or far away. If it's far away, it's not a threat, and if it's close, then it's a threat. 

If it's closer, then we're more likely to jump at it.
I think it has to do with the fact that music is a form of stimulation for your brain. When you listen to music, your brain releases dopamine, which is a neurotransmitter that makes you feel good.

Dopamine is the neurotransmitter responsible for making you feel happy, excited, and excited. It's the same neurotransmitters that make you feel like you're going to jump out of your skin when you hear a song.
In America, "liberal" means left-of-center, and it is a pejorative term when used by conservatives in adversarial political debate. 

In Australia, it means right-wing.
It depends on the country.

In the case of South America, it's usually through a program called YouthBuildUSA.  It's a program where young people from the United States are sent to South America to work for a year or two and then return to the US to finish their studies.  The program is funded by the US government, and is run by the Department of Veterans Affairs.  

There are a lot of programs in place to help young people get jobs in the developing world.  Many of these programs are run by non-profits, and are funded by donations from the US
It's because the operating system needs to be able to read and write to the file system.  

A 32bit file system has a single file system, called a file system directory.  A 64-bit system has multiple file systems.  It's called a kernel.  The kernel is the part of the OS that handles all of the processes.  There are two main parts of the kernel, the user space and the kernel stack.

The user space is where the files are stored.  This is called the "kernel stack".  The user space contains all the files that are needed
It depends on the artist.  

If you buy a song on iTunes, the artist gets a percentage of the sale.  If you buy it on Spotify or Apple Music, they get a percentage as well.
I think it has to do with the size of the flash drive.  

The 16GB model has a microSD card slot.  The 32GB model doesn't have one.  It has a slot for microSD cards, but it doesn't allow you to expand the storage.  If you want to expand it, you need to buy a flash drive, which costs $10.
LTE stands for Long Term Evolution and is a standard for the use of radio frequencies.

LTE works by using time division multiple-access (TDMA) technology.  TDMA is the standard used by all cell phone networks.  It allows for multiple access to the same radio frequency.  This means that you can send and receive data at the same time.  For example, if you want to send a text message, you can use TDMA to send the text message to your computer.  You can also send a video message using TDMA.  

TDMA is also used in Wi
The XFiles was shot on film back in the 70s and 80s. 

It was shot in a 4:3 aspect ratio, which means that the sides of the screen are wider than the top and bottom.  The show was filmed in a 16:9 aspect ratio.  This means that if you look at the original film, you can see that the bottom and top of the picture are bigger than the bottom, and the bottom is smaller than the middle.

The new show is filmed in an HD format, so they have to re-edit the image to make it look better.
It's not accurate. 

It's based on the assumption that everyone in the US is a citizen of the US.  It's not based on actual numbers.  There are a lot of people who don't know they're American, but they don't have to be counted.

There's also the fact that there's no way to know how many Native Americans there are.  The US government doesn't have enough information to count all of them.
Parallax is the difference in the apparent position of an object as seen from two different points of view. 

When you look at something from the same point of view, you are looking at it from a different angle.  If you are standing at the same place, you will see the same thing.  But if you stand at a different place, and look at the thing from the opposite angle, you'll see a slight change in the position of the object.  This is called "parallax".

If you stand in front of a telescope, you can see the angle between the
A server is a computer that connects to a network. 

It's a computer program or a device that provides functionality for other programs or devices, called "clients".

For example, if you have a web server, you can connect to it and run a web browser.

If you connect to a server, it connects to your computer and connects to the network, and then connects back to the client. 


This is called "peer-to-peer" or "peer to peer" computing.  It means that the server is able to connect to other computers on the network
Student loans are not discharged in bankruptcy.  They are held by the government.  The government has to prove that the debt is not a burden on the borrower.  If you go bankrupt, the government has the right to garnish your wages, garnish the wages, and garnish interest.  

If you don't have a job, then the government doesn't have that right.
"Means to an end" and "the end justifies the means" have been used in philosophy for hundreds of years. 

"The ends justify the means".

The "means" in this case is not the end, but the means.

If you want to understand the meaning of the phrase, you need to look at it from the perspective of a philosopher.  It's a concept that's been around for a long time, and has been used by philosophers and philosophers of all kinds.  The meaning of "the means" comes from Aristotle's Nicomachean Ethics,
Fiber is made up of polysaccharides, which are fermentable oligosaccharides and polyols.  The bacteria in your intestines use it as a substrate to break down glucose and lactose.  When you eat a lot of fiber, you're digesting it, and the bacteria use it to break it down.  This is why you get gas.
It's not that one engine can't fly for hours after the other has shut down, it's that the plane is designed to fly at high altitudes where the air density is very low. 

When the engines are running at full power, they need to push air out of the plane to generate thrust.  When they shut down one of the engines, they have to start the other one.  This means that they can't push out as much air as they would if they were operating at normal speed.
I'm not sure what you're talking about. 

Natural selection favors traits that increase the number of mates for the fast sex and the quality of mates, even if these same traits are usually hindrances.
It's not gravity, it's centrifugal force.

When you start a rotation on a spacecraft, you're applying a force to the spacecraft's hull, which causes it to spin in a circular path. This causes the spacecraft to feel gravity.
The nerves in your body that cause the pain are connected to the nerves that send signals to your brain telling it that something is wrong. 

When you get hurt, your brain sends out a signal to your body saying "hey, you're in pain, you need to go to the hospital, we need to check you out". 



Your body responds by sending out a series of pain signals to the nerve that tells your brain that there is a problem, and it needs to be checked out.

If the pain is severe enough, it can be treated with painkillers, but if it
We can measure the distance by measuring the redshift of the light coming from a galaxy. Redshift is the amount of time it takes for the light to travel from the galaxy to reach us. 

If you look at the sky, you can see that the light from a distant galaxy is moving at a different speed than the light that is coming from the Milky Way. This is called redshift, and it's caused by the fact that light is moving in a different direction.

So, if you take a picture of a galaxy and look at it from the ground, you'll see that it's
The Supreme Court has the power to strike down laws that are unconstitutional. 

If a state law is ruled unconstitutional by the Supreme Court of the United States, and that state refuses to stop enforcing that law, what happens?

First, the federal government can sue the state and force them to comply with the ruling.

Second, if the state doesn't want to comply, they can file a petition for certiorari, which is a court order that the US Supreme Court must agree to hear the case and decide whether or not the law is unconstitutional.
We don't know what happens after we die. 

We know that we are going to die, but we don't really know why we exist.  We don't even know how we got here.
"Vis-a-vis" means "visit" and "via" is "visiting"
Macaroni and cheese is made with a lot of different types of cheese, and the shape of the macaroni itself has a lot to do with it. 

The shapes of the cheese and the texture of the pasta affect the taste.

For example, if you make a round pasta, it will have a lot more moisture in it than if it's made in a round shape. This means that it will be less salty and less oily, which means it will taste better. 


If you make it in a rectangular shape, the moisture in the pasta will be more evenly spread out
When you're stationary, you're not moving. You're stationary because your body is stationary. When you're in motion, you are moving.

Bicycles have a gyroscopic effect, which means that when you are stationary, your center of mass is centered on the front wheel of the bike, and when you're moving, it's centered in the rear wheel. This causes you to lean to one side or the other, which causes the bike to tip to the other. This is called "countersteering".

If you're riding a fixed gear bike, you can't countersteer the bike. You have to steer it to keep it over its wheels.
The inside of an atomic bomb is filled with a mixture of uranium, plutonium, and other fissionable materials. 

The uranium is the core of the bomb, and the plutonium is the "shell".

When the uranium is fissioned, it creates a shockwave.  The shockwave travels through the uranium and causes it to explode.  This shockwave causes the plutonium to explode, which causes the rest of the uranium to fission as well.

This is what you see on the outside of a nuclear bomb.
I think it has to do with the fact that they are innocent until proven guilty. 

If you're caught red handed, you can't prove that you committed the crime, but if you're guilty, you have to prove it beyond a reasonable doubt.
They don't lend money to other countries, they lend it to each other.  

They borrow money from the central bank, which is the bank that controls the currency exchange rate.  The exchange rate is determined by the rate at which the government buys and sells bonds, which are backed by the value of their currency.

So if you want to buy a car in the US, you have to buy it in dollars.  If you want it in Euros, you need to buy the bonds in Euros.  So the government gives you Euros, and you pay them back in Dollars.
It's not that the end of the charger isn't electrically conductive, it's just that there's a lot of metal between the end and the ground. 

When you touch the end, you're touching the ground, not the end.  The ground is a conductor, and the end is a wire.  If you were to touch the ground with your hand, you'd get a shock, but if you touched the end with your other hand, the ground would be a conductor.
I'm not an expert, but I can give you a basic understanding of how it works. 

When you go to a website, there are a lot of different things you can do.

1. You can change the content of the page.  You can make it appear as if it's a normal page, but it's not.  If you change it to look like this:

_URL_0_

2. You could make it look like it's an old website, but that's not the case.  It's actually a web page that's been hacked.
It's not the resolution, it's the aspect ratio.

A phone screen with a 16:9 aspect ratio means that the screen is wider than the rest of the phone, which means that you can see more pixels on the screen. 

When you look at a picture, you're looking at the screen at a distance from your eyes, so if you're viewing it at a certain distance, the screen will have more pixels per inch (PI) than if you were looking at it closer to your eyes.
You need to get a credit card.  

First, you need to apply for a line of credit.  If you don't already have one, you'll need to go through the process of applying for a new one.

If you have a good credit score, you can apply for one.  The credit score is determined by your credit score.  It's based on a number of factors, but the most important one is your credit history.  You need to be able to pay your bills on time and pay them off on time.  Your credit score will tell you if you have
The Great Man theory is an idea that was popularized by Thomas Carlyle in the late 19th century. It is based on the idea that great men were the ones who had the greatest impact on history. 

Carlyle believed that history is a series of events that happened because of the actions of a great man. He believed that the great man was the one who had a decisive impact on the course of history.

The idea is that history can be traced back to a single great man, and that he was the first person to make a difference in the history of the world.
Because Taiwan and the Philippines get walloped by so many huge typhoons.

Taiwan gets hit by a lot of typhoons because they are in the middle of the Pacific Ocean, and the weather patterns are very cyclical. They get hit by lots of storms, but they don't get hit as often as the Philippines.
I'm not a professional animator, but I'm an animator.

Basically, when you draw something, you draw it in 3D. 

You draw a line on the paper, and then you draw a picture of it.  You draw the line between that line and the image you want to animate.  Then you draw another line on top of that line, and draw a second line between the two lines.  This line is called a "frame".  You then draw a 3D model of the character, and you draw the lines between them.  Now you have to animate
The needle is attached to a spring-loaded plunger. The plunger is connected to an electromagnet that moves the needle in and out of the vein. 

When the needle is inserted into the vein, it causes a change in pressure in the blood vessels in your finger, which causes the needle to move.

The needle has a set point that determines how many times the needle rotates.
The difference between the various types of classical music (sonata, concerto, symphony, etc.).

There is a lot of overlap between the different types of music, but there is also a huge difference in the way they are written.

For example, a sonata is a piece of music that is written for a group of instruments. It is written in a specific key, and it is written to be performed in a certain way. For example, Mozart wrote his sonata for piano and orchestra in the key of C major, which is the same as the key that is used in the
I think it has to do with the way your brain interprets the stimulation. When you are aroused, your brain is telling your brain that you want to be stimulated by your penis, but when you are not, it tells your brain to focus on other things.
Spaghetti Westerns are a genre of Westerns that was popular in Italy during the 1960s and 1970s. They were made with very low budgets, low budget, and low production values. 

Sergio Leone is credited with inventing the genre.

The term "spaghetti western" is derived from the word "Spaghetti" which means "tough" in Italian, and "Western" in English.
We don't yet know how to repair spinal cord injury. 

There are a lot of things that we don't know yet, but there are a few things we do know:

1. The nerves in the spinal cord can regenerate themselves.

2. There are many different types of nerves that can be damaged, and each type of nerve has its own set of rules and regulations for how it works. 


3. There is no single way to repair a spinal cord.  The nerves are connected to each other, and if one of them is damaged, the other is damaged.
I don't know the answer to this, but I think it has something to do with the way the brain works.

When you learn something new, your brain tries to store it in the hippocampus, which is the part of the brain responsible for storing memories. When you forget something, it's because your brain doesn't know how to store that new information. It's like when you learn a new word and you forget how to say it, you don't remember how to use it. It takes a while for your brain to learn how to do that, and it takes a lot of time for it to
I'm not sure what you're asking about, but I'll try my best to explain it.

Money is a way for people to exchange goods and services for each other. 

When we first started using money, we used it as a way to exchange things for food.  We used it because it was the easiest way for us to get things we needed.  When we started farming, we needed to be able to produce more food, so we started using it to exchange it for things we didn't need.
I think it's to show that the officer is in charge of the situation, not the suspect.

It's also a way for the officer to show they are in charge, and that they have the authority to do whatever they want.
Chrome can see everything you're doing on your phone, but it doesn't know it's you.

Chrome is a web browser, so it can't see everything your phone is doing. It can see what you're looking at, but not everything you are looking at.
Alcohol is a diuretic. It causes your body to produce a lot of acid in your stomach, which causes you to feel sick. 

Your body also produces acetaldehyde, which is a byproduct of drinking alcohol. This is the stuff that makes you feel sick, but it's not the cause of the hangover.
The CEO is the CEO of a company.  They are the head of the company and are responsible for all the day-to-day operations of the organization.  The CEO is also the person who is in charge of the board of directors.  

The role of the CEO is to make sure that the company is doing what it needs to do to grow and stay in business.  This means that the CEO needs to be able to hire and fire the right people, make sure the company has the right budget, hire the right employees, and make the right decisions about the company's future.
Because they're not built for gaming. 

They're built for workstation use, not gaming.
Your phone is powered by a lithium ion battery. 

When you turn it on, it uses a lot of power.  When it's off, the battery is dead.  It's not draining the battery, it's draining the RAM.  The RAM is what keeps your phone running.  If you don't use it enough, it will bog down.

If you use it too much, it won't be able to handle the load.
Gold is a noble metal, meaning that it has a high melting point, which means that it is resistant to corrosion, but not completely. 

When you put gold on a piece of metal, you're putting it in contact with air, which causes it to oxidize and form a layer of silver sulfide, which is black.

Gold, on the other hand, has a higher melting point than silver, so it doesn't oxidize as much.
Koch's postulates are:

1. 

* The world is getting warmer

2. The world's population is increasing

3. The number of people in the world is growing

4. The amount of energy used by the world's economy

5. The size of the world

6. The rate at which the world population is expanding

These are all things that we know about, but we don't know enough about to be able to test them empirically.

If you want to know more about them, check out [this article](_URL_0_).
I'm not sure what you mean by "2/3/3 of you ancestors".

I think it has to do with the fact that 2/3 are female, and 1/3 is male.
They don't. 

The bank cameras can't get a clear shot of a robber standing still.

They can get a good shot of people going up to 70mph, but not of a bank robber.
Public toilet seats have an opening at the front, but home toilet seats are completely round
The filmy stuff on the edges is the result of the proteins in the egg whites breaking down. When the egg is cooked, the proteins break down and some of the hydrogen bonds in the proteins get broken down, causing the proteins to unfold ("denature") and to aggregate non-specifically. This causes the protein to aggregate and cause the filmy substance to form.
Chemotherapy works by attacking rapidly dividing cancer cells. 

When you get cancerous cells, your body's immune system sends out an immune response to destroy them.  This is called an auto-immune response.  The hair follicles in your head are the ones that grow the hair.  When you get chemotherapy, the immune system is trying to downregulate the hair follicle, which causes it to lose its hair.
It's not that they want to end Planned Parenthood, it's that they don't want to give money to the organization that performs abortions. 

Planned Parenthood is the largest single provider of abortions in the U.S., but pro-choice advocates have argued that the organization's family planning services reduce the need for abortions; in the words of Megan Crepeau of the Chicago Tribune, Planned Parenthood could be "characterized as America's largest abortion preventer". Pro-life activists dispute the evidence that greater access to contraceptives reduces the number of abortions.
The US was founded in 1776, and the founding fathers were Federalists. 

The Federalists were the party of limited government and limited government.  They wanted to limit the power of the states to a limited number of people, and they wanted to keep the government out of the business of the people.

After the Civil War, the Federalists lost power and were replaced by the Whigs.  The Whigs were more liberal, but they were also more conservative.  In the early 1900s, the Democratic Party was founded, and was led by a man named Martin Van Buren.
It was decided that landing on the moon was the "finish line" of the space race and whoever achieved that goal was the 'winner
It's a symbol that means "I don't know what you're talking about". 

_URL_0_
The shape of your mouth allows you to control the amount of air in your mouth. 

When you open and close your mouth, you are using the muscles in your cheeks to push air out of your nose.  When you close and open your mouth again, you're using those muscles to push the air back in through your nose, which is why you can blow hot or cool air out through your mouth at the same time.
The original game was on a floppy disk.

The game was written for a 3.5" floppy disk, which is a medium that is much smaller than a CD or CD-ROM.
I think it has to do with marketing. 

In the US, it's easier to sell a product under one name than the other.  If you're selling something under the name "Axe" in the UK, you can sell it under "Lynx" in America.  It's easier for people to buy it in the US because it's more obvious.  In Japan, there's no such thing as advertising, so they don't want to use the same name for the same product.  They want to make sure that people know that they're buying the same thing.
Fossils are made up of tiny bits of rock that have been preserved in a process called diagenesis. 

The process is called "fossilization" and it takes a long time for a piece of rock to dry out.

When it's done, the layers of the rock get thinner and thinner, and the amount of carbon in the rock gets smaller and smaller until the layers are all the same amount of the same isotope.  This allows them to determine how long ago something was done or extinct based on how much carbon is in the rocks.
Corn is an important crop because it is a staple food.  It is used to feed animals, to make flour, to feed livestock, and to make corn syrup.

It is also used to make ethanol, which is used as a fuel for cars.  Corn kernels are a natural pellet, which makes corn less expensive and more readily available than wood byproduct pellets.
There are a lot of things the US could do. 

First of all, they could invade Russia, which would be a direct military confrontation with the Russian government.

Second, they would have to take control of the entire country, which is a very difficult task. Russia has a very strong military, and it would be very difficult for them to do so. 


Third, the US would need to get involved in a diplomatic process with Russia.  The US has a history of doing this, and they have a long history of being involved in diplomatic processes with Russia in the past.
When you close your eyes, you're constricting the pupil of your eye, which causes pressure to build up in the back of the eye. When you push your eye against it, the pressure causes the pupil to constrict, which makes it easier for light to enter your eye.
Schizophrenia is a genetic disorder. It is caused by a mutation in a gene. 

Schizophrenic people are more likely to be diagnosed with schizophrenia when they are younger than other people, which is why it is more common in men than women.

There are a few reasons for this:

1. Men with schizophrenia tend to have more severe symptoms in the early stages of the disease, which means that they have a higher chance of developing schizophrenia in their late teens or early 20s.
2. Men who develop schizophrenia at a younger age tend to develop schizophrenia in a more severe form
Some drugs have better absorption with food than others. 

For example, if you take a pill of acetaminophen and eat it, it will break down in your stomach and enter your bloodstream.  But if you eat a piece of bread, it won't break down.  It will stay in your bloodstream for a long time before it reaches your stomach.
Timezones and international travel are not the same thing. 

If you are traveling from one country to another, you are travelling in different timezones.

For example, if you are going from New York City to New York, you will be traveling in the Eastern time zone, and New York will be travelling in the Western time zone.  If you are in New York you will travel in the Pacific time zone because New York is in the Atlantic time zone (Pacific time).

New York City will be in the East time zone when it is daylight saving time, because it is the
I'm not an expert in AI, but I can give you a basic understanding of how it works.

Imagine you have a list of things you want to do with your computer. 

1. You want to write a program that tells your computer what to do.  
2. You write a function that tells the computer how to do that function.
3. You tell the computer what you want it to do, and it tells you how to make it do it.
4. You give the computer a set of instructions that tell it what it should do.
5. You
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it has something to do with the way your brain interprets the situation. 

When you see something traumatic, your brain goes into survival mode, which means that your brain is telling your body to do whatever it needs to do in order to survive.  This is called the "fight or flight" response.  If you're in a situation where you need to fight or flight, your body will do whatever you need it to do to survive, and your brain will tell your brain to do what is necessary to survive the situation (fight or
The Canadian dollar is used as a reserve currency. 

The US dollar is the world's reserve currency, which means that it is used to buy and sell goods and services around the world.  The value of the US dollar tends to move in tandem with the price of oil.  When oil prices rise, it makes it more expensive for the US to buy Canadian goods.
Fumes are made up of a lot of different chemicals that react with each other. 

Car exhaust gas is made up mostly of carbon monoxide and nitrogen oxides.  These chemicals react with other chemicals in the air to form carbon dioxide, which is what you can see as a shadow.

The reason you can't see it is because it's so small that it's not visible to the naked eye.
A millennial is a person who was born in the early 21st century. 

They were born between 1982 and 2004.

The term "millennials" is used to refer to people who are in their 20s and 30s.  They are the most educated generation of all generations, and are the least likely to have a college education.
Alarms are a way for your body to tell you that it's time for you to go to sleep. 

When you're in deep sleep, your brain doesn't have time to process what's going on around you.  You're not aware of what's happening around you, so you don't notice it.  When you wake up, you're aware of the fact that you're awake, but you're not paying attention to it.

Alarms, on the other hand, give your brain a chance to process everything it's processing.  They're a way of telling you that you
The cells that replace the area damaged are not the same type of cells as the one that caused the injury. 

They are called fibroblasts, and they are a different type of cell than normal cells.
They can, but they don't have to. 

They can make a board that is waterproof, but it has to be made out of a material that is strong enough to resist the water.

The problem is that they have to make the board out of rubber, which is a very strong material, and they can't make it that strong.
Yes. 

Your brain doesn't always link the word to the meaning of the word in your native language.

If you're learning a new language and you say a word that refers to some object in that language (in order to understand what it means)
I think it has something to do with the fact that when you eat, your body releases a hormone called ghrelin. Ghrelin is a hormone that increases appetite by signaling to the brain that it is time for dinner, and when you don't eat for a long time, your brain thinks you're not hungry.
C-section babies have a higher chance of developing mental health problems than other babies. 

It's not a direct correlation, but it's possible.

Mental health is a complex issue, and there are a lot of factors that go into it, but the main one is that C-section is a very common event in the early stages of pregnancy, and it's not uncommon for C-sections to result in complications. 

 >  Is there a correlation between mental health later in life?

Yes, there is a correlation.  It's just that it's more likely to happen
I think it has to do with the fact that when you are reading, your brain is trying to process information in a different way than it does when you're watching a movie or reading a book. 

When you're reading, you're using your eyes to see what's in front of you, not what's behind you. Your brain doesn't want you to focus on the words, it wants you to keep looking at the page.
I think it has to do with supply and demand. 

In the U.S. there are a lot of crops that are grown to feed the world, and the demand for these crops is high.  So the price of these crops are high, but the supply is low.

The problem is that there is not enough food to feed everyone, so the prices of these foods are high enough that people are willing to pay more for them.
Birds have a fan shaped blood supply system called the pecten. This is the same thing that happens to humans when we are cut off. 

When a bird's head is cut off, the blood vessels that supply their eyes are blocked by the nictitating membrane, which is lubricated by a third eyelid that moves horizontally. This prevents them from blinking.
It's called Chapter 11 bankruptcy.  

Chapter 11 bankruptcy is when a company is forced to liquidate all of its assets and pay off all its debts.  It's basically the same thing as going through Chapter 7 bankruptcy.

In Chapter 11, the company has to file for Chapter 7, which means that they have to pay all of their debts to the creditors.  They have to do this in order to be able to pay back the money they owe to them.  If they don't pay the debt, they can't file Chapter 7.  This means that the company can't pay
I'm not sure what you're talking about. 

Chrome is a browser, not a web browser.  It has a lot of features, but not all of them are built into it.  For example, it doesn't have a browser plugin, so it's not like you have to write all of the code for it.
Scientology is not a religion, it is a business. 

The US Constitution says that a religion is a legal entity that is not subject to the jurisdiction of the government.  It's not a religious organization, it's a corporation.
The point of arresting someone is to ensure that they show up for their court date. If they don't show up, the police can file a warrant for their arrest, and if they fail to show up the judge may forfeit their bail and issue a bench warrant for them.
It depends on a lot of things. 

1. The amount of green time the signal provides to an intersection approach, how long the pedestrian WALK signal should be, and numerous other factors.
Hard things like carrots and potatoes have more surface roughness, which makes them easier to slice and dice.

Soft things like towels and sheets are made up of soft fibers, which are easier to cut. 

Carrots and potatoes, on the other hand, are made of hard fibers.  They have a lot more surface tension, which means they are harder to cut, and harder to slice.
The day of the week comes from the Roman calendar. 

The Romans had a week-day calendar, which was based on the days of the month.  The Romans used to divide the week into four days, Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, Friday, and Saturday, and then divided the days into four "month" days.
There are a lot of different types of connectors. 

The reason there are so many different sizes of those DC barrel connectors and they don't appear to conform to any standard?

There are two main reasons:

1. The smaller types usually have lower current and voltage ratings.

2. The larger types have higher voltages and higher current ratings, but lower current ratings.
The stick-slip effect is caused by friction between two objects. 

When two objects touch each other, the friction causes them to move in the same direction.

If two objects are touching each other at the same time, they will move in a certain direction, and when they do this, they start to "slip" (slip).

This is called the [Slip-Slip Effect](_URL_0_).
It doesn't make that much of a difference. 

Salt is used as a flavor enhancer, preservative, binder, and color-control agent and color developer.

If you took salt out, it would make the food taste bland.
Alcohol-based hand sanitizer is more likely to irritate your skin and irritate it, so it's better to use soap and water.
A 401k is a retirement account that you can put money into.  It's basically like a savings account.  You can put your money into it on a pre-tax basis, but you can also put money in it on an after tax basis.

The difference between a 401k and an IRA is that the money you put in is taxed in the year it is earned, but not the year in which you withdraw it.  If you withdraw money from the 401k, it's taxed as ordinary income, but if you withdraw from the IRA, it is taxed as capital gains.  This means
The United States is an ally of the UK, France, Russia, China, and the USSR.  

Russia is considered an enemy of the USA because they are the biggest and most powerful power in the world.

China is considered the enemy because they control the most of the world's oil, and are the most powerful country in Asia.  They are also the biggest power in Africa and the Middle East.
Gold is a store of value. 

When the price of gold is high, it means that people are willing to pay a lot of money for it.

This is a good time to buy gold, because it is a safe haven from inflation.  When the value of gold goes down, it makes it more expensive for people to hold on to it, and when it goes up, they want to sell it.
It's not that you can't draw blood from anywhere on your body, it's just that they don't have the equipment to do it. 

They use a catheter to draw blood, and then they use a sterile syringe to draw it from your arm.
It depends on a lot of things. 

1. The distance between the star and the planet.

2. The planet's distance from the star

3. The mass of the planet

4. The temperature of the planets

5. The speed of the star
Nuclear weapons are made of fissile material. 

The most difficult part of building a nuclear weapon is getting it to the point where it can be turned into a usable nuclear device.

If you want to build a nuclear device, you first need to get it to a certain level of purity, which is very hard to do.  You need to have a lot of uranium, and you need to be able to get enough of it to make a device that can withstand a nuclear blast.  The problem is that the amount of uranium we have is very small.  It's not like we
I think it's because of the way the economy works.

GDP is a measure of how much money is being spent by the economy. In a healthy economy, the amount borrowed or invested by companies is greater than or equal to the private-sector savings placed into the banking system by consumers. 

When the economy is in a recession, the private sector is spending less, and the government is spending more. This means that the government has less money to spend, so they have to borrow more money from the banks. 


This means that when the economy goes into recession, they have less
Counting in your head is a way for you to keep track of how much water is in the glass. 

When you fill a glass with water, you are counting the amount of water in it, not the total amount of liquid in it.
Our eyes are constantly adjusting to the changes in the environment around us. When you close your eyes, your brain takes in a lot of information from the world around you, and compares it to what you're seeing with what your eyes are seeing now. This is called trans-saccadic integration, and it's a constant process that remains on even if you're closed. 

_URL_0_
It's called Rayleigh scattering.

Light from the sun hits the air and bounces off of it. 

When you look at something far away in the distance, the light is bouncing off of the air more than it is hitting the ground, so it looks blue.  When you see something close to you, it's bouncing off the ground more, so you see it as white.  But when you see things far away, the air is scattering more than the ground.  So you see them as blue.
If x^2 derived is 2x, why isn't sin^2 x derived = 2 sin x.
Your ears are made up of a bunch of tiny hairs that vibrate when you make a sound.  Your brain interprets these tiny vibrations as electrical signals, and sends them to your brain.

Your brain then interprets the electrical signals as sound.
Toilet paper is a porous material, so it can't be affected by the condensation of water when having a hot shower.
If the US government turned tyrannical, would gun owners be able to overthrow the regime if they were faced with the size and technology of the U.S. military? Would military leaders necessarily cooperate with federal orders?
Black Holes do exist, but they are not the way we thought they were. 

Imagine you have a piece of paper with a picture of a black hole on it.  It's written in black ink.  If you look at it, you can see that the black hole is getting bigger and bigger.  You can also see that it's getting smaller and smaller, but you can't see what's inside it.

This is called the "black hole paradox".

The black hole paradox is caused by the fact that black holes have more than one topology.  In general relativity
Air conditioner and fan both on or, only air conditioner on, and why?
Cesium is a stable isotope of caesium. It has a half life of 9192631770 seconds. 

We can determine the duration of a second by measuring the frequency of the transition between the hyperfine structure of the atoms in the isotope.

The transition frequency is the frequency at which the atoms are in a hyperfine transition state.  This is the same frequency as the transition frequency of light in the universe.  So we can measure how long it takes for the atoms to transition from one state to another.
It has to do with the way the iron atoms are arranged in the iron. 

When iron is heated, the atoms in it form a lattice.  When it cools down, the lattice starts to deform, and the iron starts to form carbides (carbon atoms that can't be broken down by the heat of the iron).

If the iron is too hot, the carbides will form, and when they do, the iron will start to crack and bend.  This is why cast iron has to be made of alloys, because it's too hard to make pure iron.
It depends on how high up you want to go. 

If you're talking about a fixed wing aircraft, the wingspan of a helicopter is about the same as that of a Boeing 747 jet-liner, so you can go as high as you want.
Particulate matter is the stuff that gets in your lungs.  It's the air we breathe.  When it's burning, it's mostly soot and soot particles.

When it's raining, the water vapor in the air is evaporating from the ground.  The water evaporates into the air, and the air around it is wet.  This means that it's going to be able to soak into the ground, which means that the ground will be wet.
Trimming your hair doesn't make it grow faster, it just makes it easier for your hair to grow. 

If you cut your hair too short, it will make it harder for the hair follicles to grow, so it will take longer for it to grow back.
They don't. Flies can't fly full force into the window because they're too small.

They can fly, but they don't have enough mass to overcome the inertia of the air around them.
There are so many republican candidates because the party establishment wants to nominate the most qualified person to be the next President.

Also, there are a lot of people who want to be President who are not in the race because they don't think they can win.
If everyone stopped paying off their mortgages, the housing market would collapse. 

In the US, mortgages are secured by the value of the house.  If the house is worth less than $100,000, the bank will foreclose on the house and sell it to someone else.

If the house was worth $100K, then the bank would foreclose and sell the house to somebody else.
The smell is caused by the oils in your skin decomposing. 

When you jangle the coins, you are rubbing them against your skin, and the oils are exposed to the air, which causes them to decompose.
It's not that weight is losing energy in less than energy used, it's that the energy used is being converted into kinetic energy. 

Think of it like this:

If you want to run a car, you need to run the engine.  If you don't have enough energy to run it, you have to burn a lot of energy to get it going.  This is called kinetic energy, and it's a measure of how much energy is being used to get the car going.

When you burn a ton of energy, you're using a lot more kinetic energy than you're
I think it has to do with the shape of the bones in your hand. 

Your thumb is the most mobile, so it is the one you use to grasp things with.

The rest of your fingers are the most flexible, so they are the ones you use for most tasks.
It's because when you update your computer, it's trying to make sure that everything is working correctly. If it's not working correctly, it can cause a lot of problems. 

For example, if you're updating a program, it might not be able to load all of the files it needs to, so it might need to reboot.

If it's installing a new program, the program might not know how to load the new files, or it might have a bug in it's code, and it may need to be rebooted to fix it.
Dreams are a way for the writers to tell you what is going to happen in the story. 

In the case of a dream, it's usually because the writer is trying to get you to believe something that you don't want to believe.  For example, if you're in a dream and you dream that you're going to die, the writers are going to use that as a plot twist.
HGH does not make your skull bigger. It makes your skull stronger, but it doesn't make your head bigger. 

Your skull is made up of a bunch of tiny little bones called the endocraniums. These are the bones that make up your skull.

When you're young, your skull is growing, but your skull doesn't grow all the way to the top of your head. The top of the skull is called the parabasisphenoid, and it's the part of your skull that makes up your brain. When you're older, your brain gets bigger, but
They do dissipate as particles are formed out of them.

If you think about it, if you look at a field, it's not really a field at all. It's just a bunch of electrons and protons colliding with each other. 

When a particle is formed, it has a lot of energy, so it's going to have a lot more energy to dissipate.
I think it's the same reason you get a cold chill when you think about nails scraping across a chalkboard. 

Your brain sends a signal to your brain telling you that something is wrong and you need to do something to fix it.
Swear words/curse words/profanity in general are used as a way to express anger or disgust. 

For example, the word "fuck" comes from the Latin "fuckus" which means "to fuck".

"Bitch" is from the same Latin root as "shit" and "bitch" which are used in English.
Saliva is an important part of our digestive system. It helps us digest food. When we vomit, we expel the contents of our stomach. Saliva also helps our body cleanse our digestive tract.

When you're vomiting, your body is trying to get rid of whatever is in your stomach, so it needs to cleanse your esophagus and esophageal cavity. When you're not vomiting, it's easier for your body to remove the contents.
They're still in use, but they're not as popular as they used to be.

They were first used in England in the 17th and 18th centuries, and they're still used today.
Fluoride is a naturally occurring element in the water. It's not a health issue, it's a money issue. Water fluoridation reduces cavities in children, while efficacy in adults is less clear.
Amino acids are made up of amino acids. 

They are made by breaking down glucose into amino acids, which are then converted into glucose.

The process is called glycolysis, which is a chemical reaction in which the amino acids are broken down into glucose molecules.  This is done by the enzyme glycogen phosphorylase, which breaks down glycogen into glucose-6-phosphate, which can be used as a building block of glycogen.
Faxing faxes over the phone is illegal in the US.  It is illegal to use a scanner in an analog phone to scan a document and send it directly to a cell phone.
It's not safe to eat steak that's been aged for 3 months. 

Beef that has been dry aged has been exposed to bacteria for a long time, and the bacteria can grow and cause disease.

The reason it's safe is because the meat has been stored in a cool, dry environment for so long that it's not exposed to the elements that cause bacteria to grow in the first place.
Yes, it can still be used to prosecute. 

The problem is that the evidence was obtained illegally.  It was obtained without a warrant.  The law says that you can't seize evidence without a search warrant, but that doesn't mean that the police can't search it.  They can search it, but they can't destroy it.

If the evidence is found to be illegally obtained, the evidence can be destroyed.
We can make an AI that can beat humans at chess on a level playing field, but AIs in computer games like Civilization can only beat humans when they have access to extra resources.
EL Nino is caused by a change in the weather patterns in the Pacific Ocean. 

In the past, El Nino has been associated with La Nia, which is the opposite of what we're seeing now.

La Nia is when the ocean is more or less neutral, meaning that it doesn't get as much rain as it used to, but it's not as warm as it was in the past. 


This year, we're experiencing a La Nino, which means that the ocean isn't as warm, so we're getting less rain than we used to.
I'm not sure what you mean by "amateur modders can make a game look far better than the original development team".

There are a lot of things that go into making a game.

1. You need to know how to use the game's graphics engine. 

2. You have to have a good understanding of how the game engine works, and how it works in general. 


3. You also need to understand how the engine works in terms of physics and physics physics.  If you don't understand physics, you can't make the game look good.
It doesn't. It doesn't know ahead of time which path of least resistance is going to take up most of the current.

The circuit is filled with resistors, capacitors, and inductors, and they all have the same amount of resistance. 

If you want to know which one has the least resistance, you need to measure the resistance of the circuit.  You can do this by measuring the voltage between the terminals of a circuit and measuring how much current is flowing through it.
I think it's because of the way the plane is designed. 

When the plane hits the ground, it doesn't have the ability to slow down enough for the body to be able to be pulled out of the wreckage.  It's like a car accident.  The plane is going so fast that it can't slow down fast enough to get the body out.  So the body has to be ripped off of the ground.
I'm not sure how to explain it to them, but I'll try my best. 

Radioactivity is a form of radiation. It's not a bad thing, it's just that it can cause damage to your body.

We live in a world where there are a lot of radioactive materials, and we have to deal with them all the time. We have to be careful about how much of it we put in our bodies, and how much we put out there. We don't want our children to be exposed to too much radiation, because we don't know how long it will take for
The anti-vaxers don't understand the anti-vaccers.  They don't know what they're talking about, and they don't care.  It's not about the vaccine, it's about the people who are against it.
Radium is used as a radioactive element in nuclear weapons.

Radium-226 and radium-228 are the two most common deuterium isotopes used in nuclear devices. 

Deuterium is a very stable isotope, so it can be used in a lot of different ways.  It is used to make radioisotopes that are useful in the production of semiconductors.  The reason it is used in this way is because it is very stable and has a very low melting point.  This means that it is a good material for making semiconductor materials, and it
Copyright laws vary from country to country.  

In the US, the Copyright Act says that if you copy a copyrighted work, you must credit the author of the work.  This means that you must include the author's name, title, and copyright information in the copy.  If you do not do this, you are considered to be infringing on the copyright of the original author.

If you don't, you're considered to have infringed the copyright.
Asthma is caused by inflammation in the airways. 

When you have an asthma attack, your body is trying to clear the inflammation out of your airways, but it can't.

You need to breathe through your nose, mouth, and throat to clear out the inflammation.
I think it's a cultural thing.  

In the US, we have a very strong sense of obligation to go to school after high school.  If you don't go to university, you're not going to be able to get a job, and if you do, you won't get a good job.  It's a way for you to get ahead in life, and it's also a way to get away from the pressures of high school life.
We don't know for sure, but we can infer from the color of the feathers. 

Melanosomes, the pigments that make up the feathers, are preserved in the skin, and we can determine what color they are based on the shape of the melanosomes.

An example of this is Anchiornis huxleyi, which was found in China.  It had a long, bony wing, a long bony tail, and claws on its wings like a reptile.  Its skin was very well preserved, and they were able to determine the shape and
I think it was to avoid an overdose. 

_URL_0_

Source: _URL_1_
I think it has to do with the fact that they are tiny and can't hear the sound of their own feet hitting the ground.
It's a combination of things.

1. Your body is made up of a bunch of different chemicals called neurotransmitters. 

2. When you take a drug, your body is trying to get rid of it, so it has to digest it. 


3. If you eat a lot of food, you're not digesting it as fast as you would if you were taking it orally, so your body has to slow down the process of digesting the drug.  This slows down the rate at which the drug is absorbed by your body, which makes it easier for it to
Your skin is made up of a bunch of different pigments. 

Testosterone is a hormone that makes your skin appear shinier.

Your hair is made of DHT, which is a form of testosterone.  When you lose your hair, your body produces more DHT than your skin does.  This means that your skin is more sensitive to DHT.
We have two sex chromosomes. The X and Y sex chromosomes are different in shape and size from each other, unlike the rest of the chromosomes (autosomes), and are sometimes called allosomes. 

The reason we have two sexes is because we need to be able to fertilize our eggs with two different types of sperm. If we only had one type of sperm, we wouldn't have the ability to reproduce, and if we had only one type, we'd have no way of fertilizing our eggs.
Mathematics is the system by which we understand how the universe works.  It's the system that we use to understand the universe. 

We don't know how math works, but we do know how it works.
Kurds are a people of Indo-European origin. They speak an Iranian language known as Kurdish, and comprise the majority of the population of the region  however, included therein are Arab, Armenian, Assyrian, Azerbaijani, Jewish, Ossetian, Persian, and Turkish communities. 

The Kurds are part of the Kurdish region of Iraq, which is in the middle east of the Middle East. They are located in the Kurdistan region, which borders Turkey, Syria, Iraq, Jordan, Lebanon, and Turkey.  They are also a part of Iran, and they are also part of Turkey
When you're too hungry, your body releases histamine, which is a hormone that causes your stomach muscles to relax, which causes you to vomit.
I'm not sure if this is true, but I think it's just an old wives tale. 

If you have a cold, it's because your body is trying to get rid of the virus that's making you sick. Your body produces a lot of red blood cells, which are the ones that fight off the cold virus. Red blood cells are your body's natural immune system, so if you're not getting enough of them, you're going to get sick.
Grammar is the study of how words are formed.  Syntax is the way words are written. 

In English, grammatical rules are the rules for how words can be formed.

For example, if you want to say "I put the money in the box", you have to use the verb "put" and the noun "to put".

Syntax is the rules of how the words are arranged in a sentence.  It's the way that words are put together.  For example, you can say "Put the money into the box" but you can't say
When someone is hurt, they are sent into shock. 

Shock is caused by a loss of blood flow to the vital organs.  The heart, lungs, kidneys, liver, and other vital organs are all affected by the injury.
I'm not sure if there are any other examples of this, but I can think of a few:

1. Marco Polo is rated at 30% by critics and 93% by viewers. 

2. The movie is rated by Rotten Tomatoes, which is a movie review aggregator, not a film review site.

3. The rating system is based on the rating of the movie, not the actual content. 


4. The ratings are based on how many people have watched the movie.  If you watch the movie in theaters, you'll see that the ratings are
Light is electromagnetic radiation. 

When you see light, you are seeing it as a wave.  When you see a photon, it is a wave of light.  It travels through the universe at the speed of light, and when it reaches the center of the universe, it stops being a wave and becomes a photon.

If you look at it from a distance, you can see that it is traveling at the same speed as the sun.  But if you look closer at it, you will see that the light is travelling at a different speed.  This is because light travels at different speeds
The energy required to raise the temperature of a substance is proportional to the amount of energy that must be added, in the form of heat, to one unit of mass of the substance in order to cause an increase of one unit in its temperature. 

If you want to know how much energy it takes to raise a temperature by 1 degree Celsius, you need to increase the volume of the object by 1/10th of a degree Celsius.
Testosterone is a hormone that causes men to grow more hair than women.

It's not that men grow hair faster than women, it's that they produce more DHT (dihydrotestosterone) which causes them to go bald.
It's not corroded, it's corroded by the water pressure. 

The water pressure causes the metal to corrode.

In the movie, they are in a boat and it starts corroding because of the pressure of the water.
It's because it's easier for the customer to know what he wants.  If you don't know what you want, you can't order it plain.
Manual transmissions use a flywheel that connects the engine to the driveshaft of the car.  The flywheel is connected to the clutch, which is a mechanical device that connects to the drive shaft of the engine.  

A semi-automatic transmission uses a torque converter instead of a clutch to manage the link between the engine and the transmission.  This allows the driver to manually select the current gear, but the computer does the rest of the work.

When you are learning to drive a manual transmission, you learn to use the clutch with your right foot and brake with your left foot.
Your body has a natural immune system.  Your body's immune system is designed to fight off viruses and bacteria.  When you get sick, your immune system has no idea what it is fighting, so it doesn't know how to fight them off.  It doesn't have time to prepare for it.  If you have a cold or flu, your body will not be able to fight it off.
Hibernate is a term used to describe a state of hibernation. 

In IT/java, it means to go into hibernation to conserve energy.

When you are in hibernation, your body is trying to reduce the amount of energy it needs to function.  This is done by slowing down your metabolism.  When you wake up in the winter, you can't use as much energy as you would if you were in a normal state, so your body goes into a state called "Torpor".

Torpor is a state where your body slows down its metabolism to conserve
Mars has a lot of ice on its surface. 

The ice is so thick that it can't be broken down into liquid water.

It's also so thin that you can't see the liquid water in it.
The benefits of cutting taxes for the wealthy would be the same as the benefits of reducing taxes for everyone else. 

First of all, it would reduce the number of people who have to pay income taxes, which means that more people will be able to work.

Second, it will make it easier for people to save more money, which will lead to more people being able to buy things, which is good for the economy.
A microscope can't be used to view objects that are far away because the light coming from the object is diffracted. 

A telescope can be used because it uses a mirror that reflects the light back to the telescope.

Radiotelescopes are frequently diffraction-limited, because the wavelengths they use (from millimeters to meters) are so long that they don't have the resolution of a microscope.
The barbs on the bee's stinger are not designed to stay in the victim's skin, they are designed to pull free. 

The stinger has a nerve ganglion, which is the nerve that connects the stinger to the bee.  When the bee is stung, it pulls the nerve out of the bee, causing it to rupture, which causes the bee to die.
Euclideon's new "Unlimited Detail" graphics engine is built on top of OpenGL. OpenGL is a graphics API that allows you to render 3D objects in real-time. This means that you don't need to wait for the graphics card to render the objects, you can just use the GPU to render them.

The problem with OpenGL is that it's very slow, and it's not really the future of gaming graphics. It's more of a "game engine" than a graphics card. OpenGL has been around for a long time, but it's really only been getting better and better.
The immune system is geared to cleanse foreign bodies that invade, but they don't stay in the skin and not get flushed out
I think it's because it's easier to drive on the right side of the road when you're driving on the left.
Pizza and chinese food are the only kinds of food you can order for delivery. It's not that they're not available, it's that they are not as convenient to order from.
There is no "Separation of Church and State" in the Constitution.

The "separation of church and state" is a misinterpretation of the First Amendment to the United States Constitution, which reads: "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof..."

It's not that the government can't make laws regarding religion, it's just that it can't do so in a way that is unconstitutional.
Your phone has a sensor on the back of your phone that measures the light coming from your eyes. When you take a picture, your phone uses this sensor to detect the light and sends it to the camera. The camera takes a picture of the light, and then sends the image to the computer for processing.
When you buy shares of a company's stock, the money goes to the company. 

If you buy 100 shares at $1 each, the company will pay you $1.50 per share.  If you buy 200 shares for $2 each, you will get $2.50.

When the company repurchases shares, it reduces the number of shares held by the company, which lowers the price of the stock, which increases the market value of the shares.  This is called dilution.  When a company buys back shares, they are buying them at a lower price than they
I think it's because it's a way to show respect to the teacher. 

When you're in school, you're expected to raise your hands when you're asked to do something.  
   

   When you're at a party, you are expected to do the same thing.  It's a show of respect to your teacher.
It's a term used in medicine to describe an abnormality in the regulation of the overall level of consciousness that is mild and less severe than a delirium. 

It's caused by a chemical imbalance in the blood vessels in the brain. The blood vessels are connected to the brain, and the brain needs oxygen to function properly. When the brain is in a state of ischemia, it's not getting enough oxygen, so it can't process the information it needs to process.

The brain is also affected by chemicals called neurotransmitters, which are chemicals that are released into the brain by
The universe started out finite, but the universe is infinite now. 

The universe is finite because we can't see it.  We can see it because it is expanding, but we don't know how much.
Google is a search engine. 

It's algorithm is based on a set of keywords.  It's algorithm works by looking at the number of times you type a word into the search box, and then it looks at how many times that word has been searched.

If you type "Google" into the box, it will find a list of all the words that have been searched before, and it will rank them based on how often that word was searched.
Bouyancy/displacement is a measure of how much force is applied to an object. 

For example, if you are standing on a flat surface, you are moving forward.

If you are sitting on an inclined surface, your weight is equal to the amount of force applied to the surface. If you are lying down on an incline, the weight of your body is proportional to the angle at which you are resting on the surface, and the distance between you and the surface is proportional the distance from the surface to the center of gravity

So if you're sitting on a
It's because of parallax.

Parallax is when the screen is tilted to one side and the character is to the other side. 

When you move the character, the screen tilts to the left or right.  This causes the character to appear to be in the "T" position, because it's closer to the center of the screen than the "L" position.
Yugioh cards were popular when I was in high school. They were a way for you to get a discount when you went to the store.  

Nowadays, it's a way to get in and out of the store without having to pay the full price of the item.
String theory is a theory that tries to describe the universe in a way that we can observe. It is based on the idea that the universe is made up of "strings" that vibrate in multiple dimensions. 

Imagine you have a string that vibrates in three dimensions, and you can see it as light.  You can also see it in four dimensions, but you can't see it at all in two dimensions.

String theory tries to explain this in terms of the universe being made of strings.  We can see the universe as a bunch of strings, but we don't know how they
The price of a running shoe is determined by the quality of the material used. 

A lot of the time, the materials used in running shoes are made by the same manufacturer, but the quality is different.  For example, the sole of a Nike shoe is made out of rubber, but it's made of a different material than the one used in other shoes.

In addition, there are a lot of different styles of running shoes that are made in different materials, so the price of the same shoe can vary greatly. 


_URL_0_

For example, if you
It's called "shadowbanning".  It's a feature of Facebook that allows you to hide your Facebook friends from the search bar, so that they don't show up in the search results.  

The idea is that if you don't like something, you won't see it in the results, but if you do, it will show up as an ad.  If you like it, you'll see it as a link to a page that shows up in your search bar.
It's a reflex. When you stare at something for a long period of time, the muscles in your eyes constrict, which causes the tears to come out of your eyes.
They don't store the power they generate, they use it to generate electricity to supply the grid. 

The power plant is connected to the grid by a series of transformers.  The transformers are connected to a grid that connects the power plant to the rest of the grid, and the grid connects the plant to a battery bank.

When the grid is full, the plant is able to generate enough power to power the grid for a few hours, and then it can use that power to recharge the battery banks.
The rings on the front of the jet engines are for lubrication. 

When the engine is running, the oil is being pumped into the engine.  When the engine starts up, the lubricant is sprayed into the ring.  This lubricates the oil, which allows the oil to flow out of the engine and into the exhaust pipes.  The lubrication allows the engine to run more smoothly.

The rings are there to keep the oil from leaking into the air intake.  They are also there to prevent the engine from overheating and catching fire.  If the engine overheats, the
Yes, plants can have defects from inbreeding.

For example, if you have two plants that have the same trait, but one of them has a mutation in the gene that causes the other trait, they will produce a plant that is different from the parent plant. 

In other words, if two plants have a mutation that causes one trait to be different than the other, they can produce plants that are different from each other. 

 >  Can plants have defects due to inbreeding?

Yes.  Plants have defects caused by inbreeding, but they can also be caused by the
The stars that are visible at night are not identical in size.  They are different in size due to the size of the atmosphere around them.  When you look at a star, you are looking at the light coming from different parts of the star.  The light from the sun is coming from the same part of the sun, but the light from inside the star is different.  This is called the [Hertzsprung-Russell diagram](_URL_0_).

When you see a star at night, it's because it's in the atmosphere.  It's the same amount of
It's not that they don't want to sell alcohol, it's that they're afraid of losing money. 

They're afraid that if they do, they'll lose out on a lot of business.
It's a slotted spoon that is used to dissolve sugar cubes in absinthe. 

The spoon has a hole in the bottom of the glass that allows the sugar cube to fall out, and the holes allow the liquid to drip down the side of the spoon into the glass.
Double pane glass is stronger than single pane glass. 

The reason for this is that it has a higher thermal conductivity, which means that it absorbs more heat.

Single pane glass absorbs less heat.  This means that when you open a window, the air inside the window is exposed to more heat than the air outside.  When you close the window, you are reducing the amount of heat that is absorbed by the glass, which is good for thermal insulation.
It's not that they want to separate from the rest of the country, it's that they don't want to be part of Canada. 

They want to have their own laws, their own government, and their own language.
We don't know for sure, but I think it has something to do with the fact that the first names of most historical figures are derived from the first syllable of their first name.

For example, Napoleon was named after Napoleon Bonaparte, but his last name was Napoleon.
You can think of it like this:

Let's say you want to know how much money you have in your bank account. 

Say you have $100,000.  You have $10,000 in cash.  If you take a look at your bank statement, you'll see that you have a total of $1.5 million.

Now, let's say that you take that $10 million and divide it by 10.  Now, if you take 10,000 and divide by 10, you get $1,500.  That's a $1 million difference.
The Finebros are a group of guys who play poker online.  They are known for playing blackjack.  The problem is that they play blackjack in a way that is illegal in most states.  It is illegal to play Blackjack in the United States, but it is legal in many other countries.

They are known as the "finebros" because they are known to have played blackjack online, but they are not known to be good at it.  In fact, they have been banned from playing Blackjack since the early 2000s.  

The problem is,
Nas, Tupac, and Notorious B.I.G are considered the greatest rappers of all time. 

Nas is known for his lyrical prowess, his rhymes, and his style of rapping.

Tupac was known for being one of the most lyrical rappers of his time, and he was also known for having a very strong sense of humor.
Thermal imaging is when you take a picture of an object and measure the amount of infrared radiation it emits. 

You can do this by looking at the temperature of the object and measuring how much it radiates.

If you look at an object at room temperature, you can see how much heat it is radiating, but you can't tell how much of it is infrared (visible) and how much is visible (visible).

Thermography is where you measure how much infrared radiation is being emitted by an object, and then use that information to determine how hot it is.
It is important to US voters to have a candidate that believes in a God.

It is also important to the voters to know that the candidate believes in God. 

If a candidate doesn't believe in God, they are less likely to vote for them.
Chrome and Firefox don't have the same security features as Internet Explorer, so they aren't affected.

Internet Explorer 7 added "protected mode", a technology that hardens the browser through the application of a security sandboxing feature of Windows Vista called Mandatory Integrity Control (MIC). 

This means that you can't run malicious code on your computer, and it won't be able to get through the sandbox.
When a woman's water breaks, it's called a "premature rupture of membranes". 

The membrane is a thin layer of fluid that surrounds the vagina.  When it ruptures, it causes the water to drain out of the vagina and into the surrounding area. 
When it's ruptured, it can be a sign that the woman is about to give birth, but it can also be a warning sign that she's about to go into labor.

If it's not ruptured before she goes into labor, then it's a sign of pre-eclampsia, which is
The difference between 25 and 27 minutes is due to the amount of time it takes for the food to reach the desired temperature. 

25 minutes is the time that the food needs to be completely cooked.

27 minutes is when the food is fully cooked.
Time dilation occurs when time passes faster than the speed of light. 

Imagine you have a clock and a clock.  If you look at the clock, you can see that it is moving at the same speed.  But if you take a picture of the clock and compare it to the clock on the other side of the room, you will see that the clock is moving faster.  This is called time dilation.
Genetic drift. 

Genetics is not random.  It's a process of evolution.  If you have a mutation in a gene that causes a disease, you can pass it on to your offspring.  But if you don't have a gene mutation, it can't be passed on.

If you have two copies of the same gene, it's possible for one of them to cause a disease.  This is called pseudogenization, and it's caused by errors in the way the DNA is copied.  The problem is that it's not a random occurrence.  DNA copying errors
I'm not an expert in programming languages, but I can give you an idea of how they are made.

A programming language is a set of instructions that are written in a language called a "compiler". 

The compiler is a piece of software that runs on a computer.  It's basically a program written in the language.  When you run a program, the compiler compiles it into something called a bytecode.  The bytecode is then loaded into a file called an assembly file, which is then compiled into a binary file.  This binary file is then read by the computer
Your feet have more sebaceous glands than your hands. They produce more sweat than your palms do.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm assuming it's because the store doesn't want you to be able to prove that you actually paid for the item with your credit card. 

If you have a receipt, you can prove that the item was purchased with your card, but if you don't have one, then you can't prove that it was.
The Confederate flag is a symbol for white supremacy. 

The Confederate battle flag was the flag of the Confederate States of America during the Civil War.  It was a symbol of resistance to the federal government.  The Confederate flag was used by the Confederate states to symbolize their independence from the Federal government.

It was also used as a symbol to show that the southern states were still part of the United States, even though they had seceded from the Union.
They were afraid that if they used the same water fountain as black people, they would get in trouble for using it. 

The water fountain is a public facility, and it is not illegal for whites to use the same fountain as blacks.
The speed of light is not the limit of time travel, it's the speed of sound. 

If you're traveling at 100 km/s, you're travelling at the same speed as light.

But if you're going faster than that, you'll be traveling backwards in time.
The battery is a rechargeable lithium ion battery. 

When the car is running, the car uses the alternator as a generator.  The alternator generates electricity to power the starter, which starts the engine.  When the engine is not running, it uses the battery to charge the car's alternator.
Dreams are a way for your brain to store memories from your day to day life. When you dream, your brain is storing them in your memory, and when you wake up, it's trying to make sense of them.
Cereal is a product of mass production. 

It's not that it's expensive to make, it's that the company that makes it wants to make as much money as they can from it.

If you go to the grocery store and buy a box of cereal, you're paying for the cost of the box, not the product itself.
Allergies are caused by your immune system overreacting. 

Allergy is caused by the fact that your body's immune system doesn't know how to deal with certain things, so it overreacts to them.

For example, if you are allergic to pollen, your body will release histamine, which is a chemical that causes your body to release vasodilation. This causes your blood vessels to dilate, which causes your heart to pump less blood to your extremities, which can lead to anaphylactic shock.
Some barbells are curved, some are straight, and some are horseshoe shaped.

The reason they don't bend is because they are made of different materials, and the shape of the barbell determines how hard it is to bend it.
IIRC stands for International Revenue Code.  It is a set of rules that govern how the United States tax system works.  They are written by the Treasury Department, and are enforced by the Federal Reserve.  The Federal Reserve is responsible for enforcing the IIRC.

The IIRC is a collection of rules and regulations that govern the tax system in the US.  These rules are set up by the Department of Treasury, and they are enforceable by the US government.  

For example, if you want to file a tax return, you have to follow the rules laid out in the Federal
The immune system doesn't "know" to leave gut bacteria alone, it "knows" that they are there. 

The gut bacteria are a part of the human microbiome, which is a collection of bacteria that live in your gut.  The gut is home to many different types of bacteria, some of which are beneficial, some that are harmful, and some that aren't.
I don't know the exact science behind it, but I think it has something to do with the way the brain works. 

When you are hit in the head, your brain has a lot of time to repair itself.  If it's not working properly, it can take a long time for the brain to recover.

If it's working correctly, it will take a lot longer for your brain to be able to rebuild itself.
It's not really a scandal, it's more of a cover-up. 

The US embassy in Benghazi was attacked by a group of people who wanted to do some sort of protest against the US presence there.  They were planning to hold a protest, and the Americans were there to provide security for them.  The Americans were in the middle of a meeting with the Libyan leader of the protest, Muammar Gaddafi, when they were attacked.  There was a lot of confusion about who was responsible for the attack, and why they were attacking the US embassy.  It's not clear who was
We don't know. 

We can estimate the number of bees by looking at the size of the hives.  We can estimate how many bees there are in the world based on the amount of honey they produce.
It's not because it's gross, it's because the water in the pool is full of bacteria and other nasty stuff. 

If you pee in a swimming pool, you're peeing into water that's already contaminated with bacteria, viruses, protozoa and fungi.
It's not the letter notes, it's the way that it is written. 

When you read sheet music, you're reading the notes, not the way they are written.
The woodpecker's skull is made of soft sponge-like material, and the muscles in its upper jaw contract to absorb the shock of the hammering.
Funeral homes were not popular fronts for mobsters. 

They were run by people who wanted to make a quick buck.  They were not run by organized crime.
They don't get in trouble from hiding information from the police.

They are in trouble for not calling the police when they know they are being filmed.
It's not that we have a food preference, it's that we've learned to associate certain foods with certain feelings. 

For example, when you're hungry, your brain tells your body that you need to eat something, so you eat it. When you're thirsty, your body tells your brain to drink more water, which is why you eat more water.

When you're tired, you have to eat more food, which leads to your body telling your brain that it's time to eat, which makes you want to eat.
Semi-trailers are more popular for transport than full trailers, which have both front and rear axles, so they have to have larger wheels.

Tractor trailers are more practical because they can be towed by a tractor, which means that they need to have a larger wheelbase to support the weight of the load. 

Semi trucks and trailers are built to be able to haul a lot of weight, so the rear wheels have to be bigger to support that weight.
Advertising is allowed on the App Store.  It's not illegal, but it's illegal for apps to sell ads.  If you don't want to pay for ads, you can't sell the app.

If you do want to sell it, you have to get permission from the developer to do so.
I think it's because it's cheaper to make clothes by hand than it is to have them made by machines.
The statute of limitations for the case "runs out" does not run out.

If a person confesses to a crime, they can still be sued for wrongful conviction.
It would be a lot like the Great Depression of the 1930s.

We would have to cut back on government spending and raise taxes.  We would also have to raise taxes to pay for it.  This would make it harder for businesses to compete with each other, which would lead to a lot of people not being able to get jobs.
When you scratch your head, your brain sends a signal to your spinal cord telling it that you are being scratched, and your brain interprets that as a good feeling.

When someone else does it, it sends a different signal, telling your brain that they are scratching your head.
When you connect two wires in parallel, the magnetic field of the two wires cancels each other out, so the resistance of the wire decreases.  

When you have a single wire, the current is concentrated into a thin strip on the side facing away from the other wire.  When you have two wires, the currents are spread out over a larger area.  This causes the current to be concentrated in a smaller area, which reduces the overall resistance.
It's not really an Arabic word, it's a Hebrew word. 

Israel is the name of the country that is currently occupied by the Palestinians.

Hamas is the group that controls the Gaza Strip, which is the other half of the West Bank.  It's a Palestinian organization that is part of the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO), which is a political organization that was founded in 1948 by the founding fathers of the PLO.  The PLO is a group of Palestinians who want to establish a state of Palestine.  They have been fighting the Israeli government for decades, and have been
Your eyes have a layer of liquid in front of them that blocks out light. 

Your phone's camera has a sensor that filters out light from the air, but not from the fog.
Cockroaches have a long history of being associated with humans.  They have been around for thousands of years, and have been domesticated by humans.

The reason they are seen as disgusting is because of their size, shape, size, and spiny legs.  Many other insects have the same traits, but they are not as large or as spiny as cockroaches.
The fluid comes out of a zit because it's stuck to the surface of the zit. 

It's called mucus, and it's basically a mixture of water and mucus.  It's basically the same thing as when you squeeze a pimple.
Some circuits are just positive/negative while others have a ground.  

The reason for this is that the ground is the ground of the circuit.  If you have a negative ground, you can't get the current to flow in the same direction as the positive ground.

If you have an AC circuit with a positive ground, the current is flowing in the opposite direction.  The positive ground is in the ground, and the negative ground is on the positive end of the line.  This means that if you want to get a positive current flow, you need to connect the ground to the positive
Women were able to get rights in time periods as old as ancient Greece, why did it become so hard for them in more modern times such as when America was already established?
I think it's because your body has become accustomed to the constant rocking motion of the boat. 

When you're on a boat, your body is used to it's own motion.  Your muscles are used to adjusting to the boat's motion, so you don't feel like you're moving.
The FCC has redefined the requirements for broadband and internet in general as a utility. 

It would take a lot of work for it to be considered a utility, and it would have to be regulated in a way that would allow for competition.
It's called the Von Restorff effect.

Basically, when you hear a song you haven't heard for a long time, but once you hear the single word from it, you remember all the lyrics.
We don't wake up from hunger in the middle of the night because our bodies are still digesting the food we ate the night before. 

When you sleep, your body's metabolism slows down, and your blood sugar levels drop. Your body doesn't need as much energy to digest food, so you don't need to wake up to eat.
When you stand up to quick, your blood pressure drops and your heart rate slows down. This causes you to feel lightheaded.
When you identify as a different race, you're not identifying as one race. You're identifying as a member of another race.
Microservices are a type of programming language that allows you to write code in a language that is easy to understand and easy to use.  

For example, if you want to write a web page, you can write it in JavaScript.  But you need to be able to understand how it works.  So you can't write the code in JavaScript, you have to know how to understand the language.

If you have a microservices library, you could write a JavaScript library that is written in Java.  This library is called a microservice library.  It is a set of libraries that
The mirror is made up of two pieces of glass. One side is 100% reflective, and the other is partially reflective. 

When you look at the rear view mirror, you are looking at the reflection from the car in front of you.  You can't see the reflection of the car behind you, so you have to look at it from the back.

The mirror has a small area in the middle of the mirror that is coated with an electrochromic gel.  The gel absorbs some of the light coming from the road, but not all of it.  When the light hits the
The difference between HP, BHP and WHP when talking about engine horsepower is that horsepower is a measure of the amount of work done by the crankshaft just outside the engine, before the losses of power caused by the gearbox efficiency and drive train efficiency.

BHP is the horsepower of the engine. 

WHP is how much power the engine can produce in watts.  It's the power that the engine is able to produce at the speed at which it is being used.  If you are talking about horsepower, you're talking about the power output of the motor, not the
The speed of light is the speed of sound. 

If you're talking about time, it's not because of speed.  It's because of gravity.

Imagine you have a clock.  If you're standing at the top of a hill, and you look down at the bottom of the hill, you can see that the clock is moving down the hill at the same speed as you.  But if you're on the ground, you're moving up the hill faster than you're going down.  This causes the clock to appear to be moving faster than it actually is.
Some people are warmer or cooler than others. 

There are two main reasons for this:

1. Humans have evolved to live in a wide variety of climates.  We evolved to be able to survive in cold and warm environments.  This means that our body has evolved to produce more heat than it needs.

2. Some people have larger bodies than others, which means that they have a larger body mass.  In other words, they have bigger bodies, which mean that they are more able to withstand the cold.  They are also more likely to survive and reproduce in colder climates.
I think it has to do with the fact that a single core processor is more energy efficient than a multi-core processor. 

A single core is more efficient because it uses less power, but it is also more power consuming.

The more cores you have, the more energy you use, the less power you use. 


So if you want to make a super core, you need to make it more power efficient, but not more energy consuming.
I think it has to do with the artist's reputation.

A lot of art is based on perception. 

For example, a lot of paintings are based on the fact that they were created by artists who are famous, and are considered to be the best artists of their time.  This is why they are worth so much, and why they have been collected for so long.
The jugs are filled with water, and the bottom of the jugs is filled with air. When you pour the water out, the air is forced out of the container by gravity. When the air exits the container, it pushes the water back into the container.
We can tell if someone is glazing over because they are focusing on a single point. 

When you are looking at something, your eyes are trying to focus on one thing at a time.  When you look at something at a distance, your brain tells your eyes to adjust their focus so that they can see the object at the same distance.  This is called "fovea fovea" and it is the part of the retina that is in the center of your vision.

If you are not focusing on the object, you will see it as a blur.  If you are
The red dot rash is caused by an inflammation of the skin.  It's caused by the immune system attacking the skin, which is a common reaction to infection.  

Your skin is made up of a bunch of cells called epithelium.  These cells are called keratinocytes.  When you have a baby, the cells in your skin are constantly being attacked by bacteria and viruses.  This is why you see red dots on your face.

When the baby is born, the bacteria in the baby's skin are no longer able to attack the epithelial cells.  Instead, they
The joker is a wild card, meaning that it can be played in place of any card in a deck of cards.  

Euchre, for example, has a rule that says you can't lay more jokers than face cards in either a set or run.
Birds don't generate lift by using an airfoil. They generate lift from the air around their wings. 

Birds use their wings to push down on the ground, which causes the air above them to push up.

A plane, on the other hand, uses its wings to pull down the air below it, which pushes it up.
Humans have a sense of humor. It's a survival mechanism. 

When we are tickled, our brains release endorphins, which are hormones that make us feel good.  When we laugh, our brain releases nitric oxide, which increases blood flow to our blood vessels, which makes us feel better.
Ebola is spread through contact with the bodily fluids of infected people, not through the air. 

It is not a disease that can be treated by doctors.  It is a virus that can only be transmitted through direct contact with bodily fluids.
It doesn't actually benefit your back/body. 

Your body is designed to be at a right angle to the ground.  If you sit at an angle, your spine is tilted more forward in active sitting, and this pelvic position situates the spine for proper alignment and postural health.
It depends on what you mean by "Federal". 

The federal income tax is just one of several taxes Americans pay.  The other taxes are payroll taxes, sales taxes, gift taxes, unemployment taxes, state income taxes, property taxes, and self-employment taxes.
Iron and steel are two different materials. 

Iron is a type of iron that has a high melting point, which means that it can melt and fuse with other elements to form an alloys.

Steel is an alloy of iron and other elements, which has a lower melting point and is more malleable than pure iron.
The difference between the Austrian and Chicago economic theories?

The difference is that the Austrian school of economics is based on the idea that the economy is an orderly system of relationships between people.  

In other words, they believe that there is no such thing as a "free market" economy.  They believe that everyone has a role in determining the value of the economy, and that the government should not interfere with that role.

Chicago economic theories, on the other hand, are based on a system of distribution of wealth.  The Chicago school believes that there are no "free markets" and
Allergies are caused by your immune system.  Your body's immune system has evolved to deal with a certain level of such pathogens, when they are not exposed to enough pathogens to keep the immune system busy.

Pollen is one of those pathogens.  It's harmless, but when it's exposed to the right amount of it, your body will react.  

Allergy is caused by a chemical called histamine.  This chemical is produced in your body by a type of immune cell called interleukin-4 (IL-4).  When you're allergic to something,
Sodium chloride is a salt. 

When you add salt to water, it breaks down the water molecules in the water into two groups of ions.

One group of ions is called NaCl, and the other group is called SbCl. The NaCl group is the salt that is soluble in water, and it is the one that makes up half of the salt.
You can monetize the video with ads.  

If the video has more than 10,000,000 views, you get a percentage of the ad revenue.
Some people can live without parts of their brains, some people can't. 

A bullet can cause a lot of damage to the brain, but not all of it.

If you're shot in the back of the head, you're not going to die instantly.  You're going to be dazed or dazed for a few minutes or hours, and then you'll wake up.  If you're hit in the chest, it's going to take a while for the blood to drain out of your brain.  It's not like a bullet can cut off the blood supply to your brain
Monosodium glutamate (MSG) is not bad for you. It's just a flavor enhancer. 

There are a few people who are sensitive to MSG, but they don't have any long-term health effects.

Some people have a sensitivity to MSG that causes them to have a short-term allergic reaction to it.
Arrays are used to store information about the state of the system. 

For example:

1 = 1

2 = 2

3 = 3

4 = 4

5 = 5

6 = 6

7 = 7

8 = 8

9 = 9

10 = 10

11 = 11

12 = 12

13 = 13

14 = 14

15 = 15

16 = 16

17 = 17

18 = 18

19 = 19

20 = 20

21 =
If you hold the firecracker tightly, it will be more likely to explode. If you hold it loosely, you will be less likely to be hit by it.
They don't want to pay taxes on it. 

They want to reduce their tax bill.  
 
If they don't have antitheft insurance, they will have to pay tax on the money they get from the insurance company.  This means that they will not be able to sell their shares in the company, which means they will lose money.
A Hilbert space is the space of all possible wave functions. 

Let's say you want to know how to calculate the speed of light.

Imagine you have a set of points on the ground.  You can think of them as vectors.  Let's say I have a point at the center of the ground, and I want to calculate how fast I can move it.  I can do this by multiplying the distance between the point and the ground by the time I get to the center.  If I do this, I get a result that looks like this:

Now let's say
Yes, nuts are nutritionally deficient, but not in the same way as almonds, cashews, pistachios, etc. 

Almonds are nuts, but they are not nuts.  They are legumes, which means that they contain a lot of carbohydrates.  Calories are the main source of protein in nuts.
It's not that sequential gearboxes don't work, it's just that they don't have enough power to keep up with the speed of the car.  

A sequential gearbox would require a lot more power than a single gearbox.  It would also require more time to change gears.  If you want to go from 1st to 2nd, you'd need to shift the car to 1st and back.  You don't want to spend a lot of time doing that.
Ticks are not really unkillable.  They are very hard to kill.  If you find one on your skin, you can easily remove it with a tweezers, but if you don't remove it immediately, it will reattach itself to your skin.
They are probably scared, but they would fake being happy. 

_URL_0_
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are not "Main Street".  They are not a bailout of Main Street.  They were bailed out by the Federal Reserve.  The Federal Reserve did not bail out Main Street, they bailed out Fannie and Freddie.
It's not that they're rebuilding their houses every couple of years, it's that they don't want to live in a place where they're constantly being hit by tornadoes.
We don't know for sure, but we do know that salt is an essential part of our diet. 

We eat a lot of vegetables and fruits, and we drink a ton of water.

Salt is also an important part of the diet of many animals, so it's not a surprise that we have it. 


_URL_0_
Seatbelts are spring-loaded reels. When the belt is pulled a certain length, the spring tension of the webbing is released, which causes the belt to extend off the reel during severe deceleration. This causes the reel to lock.
Going up in a plane isn't dangerous because you are moving at the same rate as you are going down. 

Going up is dangerous because your body is moving at a different rate than it is going down, and your body has to work harder to keep up with the rate of change in velocity.  If you go up fast enough, your body will stop working as hard as it is working, and you will die.

If you go down too fast, your heart will stop pumping blood to your brain, which will cause you to pass out.
The simplest way to explain higher special dimensions to someone is to say that the universe is a 4-dimensional subspace. 

Imagine that you are standing on a 3-dimensional surface, and you want to know how far you are from a point in the middle of the surface.

If you look at the surface, you can see that the surface is curved, but you can't see how far away you are, because you're standing on the surface of a 2-dimensional object. 


So, if you take a picture of a piece of paper, and put it on the ground,
They use a thermometer that measures the temperature of your body. 

The thermometer has a bulb at one end that expands and contracts in a uniform manner with temperature.

When you put the thermometer in your body, the liquid in the bulb expands, and when it reaches a certain temperature, it contracts and contracts again.  This causes the liquid to expand and contract in a similar way to how a balloon expands and contract.  When the liquid reaches the same temperature as the bulb, it expands again, and the bulb contracts again, until it reaches the temperature you want it to reach.
We can break them down into their starting materials (monomers) and reuse them. 

However, we don't have the energy to melt them down.

We don't even have the equipment to do it.
Special effects look great now for the most part. There are a lot of things that have been improved in the last 40 years, but there are also things that haven't been improved at all.
It means "we want to rein in the excesses of the financial industry". 

"Wall Street" is the home of the two largest stock exchanges, and "Wall Street reform" is a metonym for the American financial sector.

It means that we want to limit the amount of money that can be made on Wall Street.  It means that there should be more restrictions on how much money can be put into the stock market, and that the government shouldn't be allowed to put money into it.
When you hit your joints, you're breaking the ligaments that hold them in place. These ligaments are called articular cartilage. When they are damaged, they can't support your weight, so they go "dead".
I think it's because gay characters have been on TV shows for a long time. 

All My Children was the first gay character to come out as gay in a soap opera.  It was a big deal because it was a show about a gay family, and it was one of the first soap operas to have a gay character come out.  The show was also the first show to show a lesbian couple.

I don't know about other shows, but I think that's why it seems as if almost every show on T.V. has a gay couple.
It's called sciatica. It's a nerve in your leg that controls your leg muscles. 

When you fall from high height or stomp your foot, the nerve that controls the leg muscles is damaged, and it sends a signal to your brain telling you that your leg is in pain.
Aquamarine and morganite are both beryls, but they are not gemstones.

Beryls are a variety of the mineral beryl, which is colored green by trace amounts of chromium and sometimes vanadium. 

An emerald is a type of beryl that is not colored by chromium or vanadium, so it is not a gemstone.
They don't. 

It's not that they don't want people to watch their channels, it's that they want to make more money from advertising.  If you're not paying for cable TV, and you don't watch the channels, then they can't make as much money as they would if they were free.
Cancer drugs are biologics.  They are made from a different chemical than cancer drugs.  This means that they have to be manufactured in a different way.  

Cancer is a very difficult disease to treat.  It requires a lot of time and money to develop a new drug.  If you don't have the money to make the drug, you can't make it.  So, the only way to get the drug is to buy it from the manufacturer.  The problem is that the manufacturer doesn't want to pay the price they think they can sell it for, so they
It's not that they want to destroy the ivory, it's that they don't want to keep it. 

They want to get rid of it, but they also want to make a statement that they are cracking down on the illegal trade.
When you take a break from something, your brain has a chance to refresh itself. It's like taking a nap. You don't have to do the same thing over and over again.
Dogs are social animals, cats are territorial animals. 

Dogs will come up close to you because they know that you are friendly and they want to play with you.

Cats don't know how to interact with dogs, so they run away.
The carbon cycle is the cycle by which carbon is broken down into different forms. 

Carbon is the main component of life, and is the building block of many organic molecules.

Methane is the other major component of the cycle, and it is the major source of CO2.  It is a greenhouse gas, which is the most important greenhouse gas in the atmosphere.  The CO2 in the air acts as a greenhouse because it absorbs heat from the earth's surface, which causes the temperature to rise.  When the CO2 is released into the air, it causes the earth to
Motorcycles have lower reciprocating mass than cars, which means that they have lower compression ratios. 

Car engines have higher compression ratios than motorcycles because they are designed for higher rpm.

Motorcycle engines are also designed to be lighter, so they have a lower compression ratio, which is why they have higher redlines.
It would take 100% efficiency in harvesting natural, renewable energy (Solar, Hydroelectric, Wind, etc.)?
The Pilgrims came to America because they were Christians and wanted to be free from the oppression of the English.  They were not seeking freedom of religion, they were seeking a better life for themselves and their families.
Oxygen is a byproduct of photosynthesis.

Trees produce oxygen as part of their metabolism. 

When a tree is bigger, it can absorb more oxygen from the air than smaller trees.
The government is not allowed to interfere with private corporations. 

The Keystone XL Pipeline was approved by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC), which is a quasi-judicial body that oversees the approval process for pipelines.  The FERC is a separate agency from the Department of Transportation (OTC) which is the agency that regulates interstate pipelines.
They don't have the brainpower to literally count their steps.  They have a sense of smell.  When they find food, they lay down a pheromone trail that connects the food to the nest, and other workers will detect and follow the scent of this trail.
Reddit doesn't want you to have to click "load more comments" if you don't want to see them all.  

It's because they don't think it's a good idea.
The Americas and Australia are both located in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean, which is a major trade route between Europe and Asia. 

The Americas are also located in a region that is rich in natural resources, and has a long coastline.

Indo-China and India are located on the other side of the world from Europe, but are not as well developed as the Americas.
Calorie in vs calorie out is not the answer. 

Calories in vs calories out is a measure of how much energy you need to get through a day, not how many calories you need.  The calorie in vs out method allows you to eat less calories than the calorie out method, but it doesn't allow you to get as much energy as the calorie in method.

Carbohydrates are a great source of energy, but they are also a bad source of calories.  They are high in calories, but low in vitamins and minerals.  If you eat too much of them,
I'm not an expert, but I'd say it has to do with a lot of things. 

1. It's easier to use if you don't have to deal with a ton of text.

2. It makes it easier for the user to focus on what's going on.
We don't need sleep to survive. 

We need sleep because our bodies need energy to function properly.  When we are awake, our bodies are producing chemicals that we need to function.  These chemicals are called melatonin.  Melatonin is produced by the pineal gland, which is located in the middle of your brain.  This gland is responsible for regulating your body's sleep cycle.

When you sleep, your body releases melatonin, a hormone that regulates the amount of melatonin in your body.  If you don't get enough melatonin during the night, you will wake up
They don't. 

Saudi Arabia is not a dictatorship.  It's a monarchy.  They don't have to pay taxes.
HIV came from SIV, which affected primates...but where did SIV come from? How did it become what it was/is? Ultimately, what created HIV? Do we know?
It's not just one file or many files that are accessed.  It's a stream of data that is being sent over the airwaves.  

Imagine you have a radio station that broadcasts a live broadcast of a show.  The radio station has an IP address that is assigned to the broadcast.  That IP address is then sent to a receiver, which receives the broadcast signal.  This receiver then sends the signal to a server, which then sends it back to the radio station.

The server then sends that signal to the transmitter, which sends it to the viewers, who then receive the
The airbag has a bellows. When the airbag opens, the bellows pushes air out of the way of the wheel, which causes the wheel to expand. The airbag is designed to keep the air from hitting your face, so it doesn't.
The banana peel is not the banana, it's just the outer layer of the fruit. 

Bananas are green when they are first picked, but as they ripen, they lose their green color and start to lose their chlorophyll, which is what gives them their yellow color.

When the banana is fully mature, it stops producing new leaves and begins to form a flower spike or inflorescence. When it reaches its final stage (stage 7), brown/black "sugar spots" develop.
It's not a scandal, it's a political scandal.

Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server was a violation of the Federal Records Act and the State Department's rules governing all federal agencies. 

The FBI was investigating her email use and found that some of her emails contained classified information.
The Spanish Civil War was a civil war in Spain during the 1930s.

The Spanish monarchy had been in power for a long time, but it was overthrown in the early 1930s by the Nationalists, who were led by the dictator Francisco Franco. The Nationalists wanted to restore the monarchy to power, but the people of Spain didn't want that, so they formed the Second Spanish Republic, which was a short-lived republic that was based on the constitution of the Spanish monarchy. 

Franco, who was the leader of the Nationalist forces, wanted to impose his regime on the country
You would lose more weight on 1500 calories of healthy food than 1000 calories of junk food.

Your body needs a certain amount of energy to maintain its weight. If you eat too much junk food, you will gain weight.
You can think of it like this:

The earth rotates around the sun. 

If you look at the sky from the ground, you can see that the sun is moving in the direction of the equator, which is the plane of the earth's rotation.

When you look up into space, the earth is also moving around the earth, so you can also see that you are in the same direction as the earth.
It's not a standard, it's a common EMMA standard. 

The reason Apple is exempt from the standard is because they don't sell a standard USB charger.  They sell a proprietary charger.
The word "Caucasian" is derived from the Greek word "eidos", which means "shape" or "form".

Eidos originally meant "shape", and was used to refer to the native inhabitants of the Caucasus region.

Caucasians are a group of people who lived in the Caucasus Mountains, which are in the middle of Europe, and are generally considered to be part of the Indo-European race.
Amnesia is caused by damage to the temporal lobe of the brain, which is the part of your brain responsible for storing memories. 

When you have a brain injury, it causes damage to parts of your temporal lobe, which are responsible for remembering things like names, faces, places, and names of people.

This can be caused by a variety of things, but the most common cause is epilepsy, which causes the brain to stop working properly. This can lead to amnesia because the brain can no longer store the information it needs to remember things.
They don't know how to raise a blind child. They don't have a clue what they're doing. They can't read, they can't write, they have no idea how to communicate, they don't even know what they are doing.

There are a lot of things that blind people can do, but there are also things that they cannot do. 

One of the things they can do is teach their children how to read. They teach them how to write, and they teach them to read and write in sign language. They also teach them about how to care for themselves and how to
I think it's because it's easier for the audience to understand the answer if it's exaggerated. 

If you ask "Is everyone OK today?" they reply "Yeeeeeeeeeeees" instead of normal length "Yes".
I think it's because it's a social activity. 

When you watch other people play video games, you can see how they interact with each other and learn from them.  It's like watching a movie.
When you fill up a bottle with water, the water is moving at the speed of sound.

When you pour water out of a bottle, it is moving in a laminar flow, which causes the sound to increase in pitch.
It's a system that's been in use for hundreds of years, and it's based on the fact that it's easier for people to remember the names of the composers than it is to keep track of the individual pieces. 

For example, Mozart's "Symphony No. 1" is written in the form of a sonata, but it's written as a piece for orchestra, so it's called a "Sonata for Orchestra" (or a "Cello Concerto" for Orchestra). It's written in a way that makes it easier to remember which pieces are for which instruments
I think it has to do with a lot of things. 

1. Sex is a natural part of the human body.  It's a part of our DNA.

2. It's not something we evolved to do.  We didn't evolve to do it because we didn't want to.
Jet lag is caused by the fact that your body's circadian rhythm is out of sync with the day-night cycle of your destination.  Your body is used to waking up at the same time every day and going back to sleep at different times of the day.  When you travel from one time zone to another, your body has to adjust to the different time zones.  This is why you wake up in the morning and go back to bed at a different time of day.
EQ stands for "Electromagnetic Equalization". 

EQ is the process of adjusting the amplitude of audio signals at particular frequencies.

For example, if you have a stereo speaker and a mono speaker, you can adjust the volume of the speakers to make them sound louder or quieter.  


If you want to make a stereo sound, you need to adjust the frequency response of both speakers.  You can do this by either boosting or cutting the frequency responses of the two speakers, or by boosting one speaker and cutting the other.
Body weight does not affect how much weight a person can lift, but it does affect how well they can lift it. 

For example, if you're 5'10" and weigh 100 pounds, you can't lift a ton of weight, but you can lift 10 pounds.

If you're 6'2", and weigh 200 pounds, and can lift 20 pounds, then you're going to be able to lift 30 pounds, but not as much as if you were 5'5" and weighed 200 pounds.
Heat can cause physical damage because it can cause damage to the nerves in your body that sense heat. 

Your body has two types of sensors that detect heat. One is called thermoreceptors, and the other is called thermal sensors. These sensors are located all over your body, and they can detect changes in temperature.

When you are exposed to heat, your body sends out signals to your brain telling it that your skin is getting hotter, and your brain interprets these signals as pain or heat. When you're exposed to too much heat, these signals can cause your brain to send out a
It's called the second law of thermodynamics. 

The second law says that the rate at which the material at a point will heat up (or at least increase in temperature) is proportional to the difference between the temperature and of the difference of the thermal conductivity of the material between them.  This means that as the temperature increases, the amount of heat in the material increases, but the amount that is transferred to the surrounding material decreases.

This means that if the temperature of a material increases by a certain amount, it will lose some of its heat to other materials.  If it increases by
A web cam is a device that connects to the internet.  It's a webcam, but it's also an IP camera.  

An IP camera is a camera that connects directly to a computer.  The computer connects to it, and it connects to a server.  This server connects to other computers, and the camera connects to those computers.

Webcams are usually built into laptops and desktop computers, but IP cameras are built into them as well.
They don't. 

The Gallup Polls are run by a company called Rasmussen Reports.  They use a combination of telephone calls and online surveys.  The pollsters are paid for by the company, and the company pays the pollsters to do the surveys.

Pulse Opinion Research (POR) is a company that does a lot of polling for the company.  It's a very small company, so they don't have the resources to do a large number of polls.  Instead, they use a small number of people to do surveys, and then they use the results of those surveys
Yawning is a reflex. It's a way for your body to get oxygen into your blood. When you yawn, your blood contains more oxygen than it does when you breathe, so your body needs to exhale more oxygen to get the oxygen it needs.

When you open your mouth, your muscles in your throat expand, which allows more air to enter your lungs. This causes your blood pressure to drop, which makes your eyes water.
I think it's because they're not perfectly lined up. 

If you look at a bunch of mirrors, you'll notice that they're all slightly different in shape.  If you're standing in front of a large mirror, you're looking at the reflection from the back of the mirror, and you're not looking at it from the front.

When you stand next to a mirror, the light from the rear mirror is coming from a different angle than the front mirror, so the light coming from that angle is reflected off of the back mirror, which is reflected back at you.
We have money because it allows us to exchange goods and services.  

Before we had money, we had bartering.  If you wanted to buy something, you had to go to someone else and ask them for it.  You had to pay them in gold, silver, or silver, and they would give it to you in exchange for something they didn't want.

When we started to have money, it made it easier to exchange things, because we didn't have to go back to bartering anymore.  We didn't need to worry about who was going to pay for what,
I think it has to do with the fact that peeing 'on' things is easier than peeing in the toilet. 

When you pee, you're peeing through your urethra, which is the opening that leads to your bladder.  When you pee on things, you are peeing out of your bladder, not through it.
Pimples, moles, cysts are deep under the skin.  They are caused by the growth of melanin, which is the pigment that makes the skin look brown.  Melanin is a pigment that is produced by the melanocytes, which are the cells that make up the skin, and are the ones responsible for making the skin appear brown.
It doesn't get into the ocean, it gets into the air. The air is full of tiny particles of plastic that float in the air, and when they hit the water, they get absorbed by the water. 

If you live in a house, you don't have to worry about plastic bags getting into your house. If you live on a beach, you're not going to have plastic bags floating around in the ocean.
Mental blocks are caused by a lack of motivation to do something. For example, if you are trying to write a novel, you might have a mental block because you don't have the motivation to write it.

If you're trying to learn a new language, you may have a block because your brain doesn't know how to do it. 

It's the same reason you can't remember the first word of a sentence you read, but you can remember the second word.
The Animas River is a tributary of the Colorado River. It runs through Colorado, Arizona, New Mexico, Colorado, and New Mexico. It's a pretty big river, and it's one of the longest rivers in the world.

In the early 1900s, a group of people decided to build a dam on the river to control the flow of the river. 

The dam was designed to keep the river from flooding, but it was not designed to hold back all the sediment that was coming down the river, so it started to overflow, and the river started to fill up with water
Alcohol is a diuretic.  When you drink a lot of alcohol, your body produces a bunch of chemicals in your blood that make you feel thirsty, dehydrated, tired, and nauseated.  These chemicals cause your body to produce more water, which causes you to feel thirsty and dehydrated.

When you drink too much alcohol, these chemicals are released into your blood, which makes you feel dehydrated and hungry.  This is why you get a hangover.
I think it's because the video is in slo-mo and the singer is singing in sync with the music.
The United States is not a great place to get mental health care.

There are a lot of problems with mental illness in the United States, but there are also many things that make it difficult for people with mental illnesses to get the care they need. 

For example, there are many people who have mental illnesses that are not covered by insurance, and they are not able to get treatment because they cannot afford it. This is a huge problem, and it is not something that can be solved by the government.
It's because librarians are required to have a master's degree in library science. 

It's not that they don't have a bachelor's degree, it's just that they're required to be certified by an ALIA-accredited school of library science, which is a higher level of certification than a bachelors degree.
When you add butter to a hot pan it melts, but when you add pancake batter, it solidifies. 

The reason is because the pancake is made of flour, which is made up of a bunch of proteins.  When you heat the flour up, the proteins start to denature, which means that they will start to stick to each other and form a solid structure.

When you pour the batter into a pan, you're adding a lot of water to the mix, which causes the proteins in the batter to start denaturing.  This causes them to become more rigid, which
There are a lot of things that go into the price of a gallon of gasoline. 

1. The quality of the crude oil used to make the fuel.

2. The amount of ethanol in the fuel

3. The type of additives that are added to it

4. The strength of the additives

5. The size of the tank

6. The volume of fuel that is used

7. The number of gallons per litre

8. The octane rating

9. How much of the fuel is used in the engine

10.
Because it's a very high latitude and oceanic controlled climate. 

It's not that it's always so rainy, it's just that there's a lot of air in the air over the UK.

In the south-west of England, there's an area of high pressure called the "Anticyclone" which is a large area of low pressure that is constantly moving north and south.  It's the reason why it's so rainy in the south west.  In the north-east of England there's the "Northeast Disturbance", which is caused by high pressure moving
Chicken breast is a cut of meat from the breast of a chicken. It is the meat that is used to cook the chicken.

Chicken wing is the cut of chicken that is not used for cooking.
It's not a type of currency, it's a form of currency. 

The NCAA is not allowed to sponsor an NCAA Bowl game, but they can sponsor a charity event.
They don't. 

There are a lot of things that go into making a game like Skyrim, but the most important thing is that the game has to be tested before it is released to the public.

The game is written in such a way that it can be tested for bugs before it's released.  It's not like a game where the developers can just release it to the world and it will be bug free.  They have to make sure that every bug is fixed before they release the game.  If there is a bug in the game, they have to fix it before it goes
They don't make money.  They sell mattresses at a loss, but they sell them at a profit.  If you go to a store like Sleepy's and buy a mattress for $50, they will sell it for $100.  

If you go into a mattress store and pay $100 for a mattress, they'll sell you a $100 mattress.  That's a lot of money for a $50 mattress.
The price of oil has been falling for a while. 

Oil prices have been rising for a long time, but the price of natural gas has been going up for a few years as well.

It's not that oil prices are going up, it's that the demand for natural gas is going up. 

 >  Why is gas suddenly so cheap?

Supply and demand are not the same thing.  The price of gas is determined by the amount of gas that is available to be extracted from the ground.  If there is a shortage of gas, the price will go up
Humans are social animals. When we were dying like flies from white man's disease, when we were driven into reservations, when the government rations did not arrive and we were starving, watching the pranks and capers of Heyka were a blessing. 

When we see other humans/animals hurt/humiliate themselves, we laugh because it makes us feel good. It also helps identify outgroup members and enhance the barrier between the two.
The deductible is the amount of money the insurance company will pay out if you are responsible for the loss of your car.  

For example, if you have a $100,000 car, the deductible is $10,000.

If you have an insurance policy that says you have to pay $50,000 for any damage to your car, then the deductible will be $25,000

But if you don't have insurance, then your car will be worth $10k.  If you have car insurance that says $50k, then you will pay $25k.
They don't. 

The wheels are attached to the rails.  They are welded to the frame of the locomotive.
It's not that they don't want to, it's that they're afraid of the noise. 

Aircraft are designed to be quieter than the air around them.  They're designed to fly at the speed of sound.  If you're sitting in the middle of the plane, you're not going to be able to hear the engines.
The Electoral College is made up of real people instead of mere numbers.  It's not the same as the popular vote.  The electoral college is made of people who are pledged to vote for the candidate they believe is best suited to be president.  They're not just voting for a candidate who gets the most votes, they're voting for the person they think will best represent their state's interests.
We can't hear voices in our head, but we can hear them in our ears.

Our ears are made up of a bunch of tiny hairs that vibrate. When you hear a sound, the hairs vibrate, they send out electrical signals to the brain. The brain interprets the electrical signals as vibrations, and interprets them as sound.
Hormones work by increasing the amount of testosterone in the body. 

Surgical implants, on the other hand, work by removing the excess tissue from the breast and replacing it with soft tissue.
I think it has to do with the nature of the crime. 

If you are trying to kill someone, you have to have the intent to kill them.  If you are just trying to hurt them, you can get away with it.
Yes, they do understand music. 

It's just that they don't understand it in the same way that we do.

We can understand music because we can hear it, but we can't hear it because we don't have the ears to hear it. 


Animals don't need to hear music to understand it, they just need to know that it's there.
Flexible rods are made out of different materials. 

Carbon fiber rods, for example, are made from carbon fiber, and sometimes fibreglass, or composites of these materials, and they are designed to slip into each other so that they open and close.

Fibreglass rods are also made from a material that is very strong, but not as strong as carbon fiber rods.
I think it's because of the fact that when you're conscious, your brain is not aware of how much weight you're carrying. 

When you're not conscious, the brain doesn't know how much your body is carrying, so it can't tell you how much you're actually carrying.

If you were conscious, it would be able to tell you that you were carrying a lot more weight than if you weren't conscious.
The skin on the back of your neck is more sensitive than the skin on your face. 

When you shave your neck, you're using a razor that's curved, so it's easier for the razor to get stuck in the hair follicles.

On the other hand, your face has a lot of hair on it, so the skin is less sensitive to razor burn.
It's not that performance enhancing drugs are illegal, it's that they give an athlete an unfair advantage over other athletes. 

In other words, if you're a clean athlete, and you take a banned substance, it gives you an advantage over someone who takes it, and it's not fair to them.
Bacteria grow in anaerobic conditions, which means they need to be exposed to a lot of air to survive.

When you drop heavy objects on the floor, they are not exposed to the air, so they don't die.
I think it's because it's easier for the gun to fire when the gun is pointed at the starting line than it is for the lights to illuminate the track. 

Also, the gun fires at the same time as the lights, so the sound of the gun hitting the ground is louder than the light.
Chase lost $2.4 billion because of a series of bad investments in the 1980s and 1990s.

Chase borrowed money to build a casino in Atlantic City, New Jersey, which was supposed to be worth $1.5 billion.  The casino was built with $675 million in bonds, which were issued at a 14% interest rate.  When the casino failed, Chase had to pay the bonds back at a higher interest rate, which meant that they had to sell the bonds at a loss.  They did so, and the value of the bonds went down.  So Chase had
The economy would go into a recession.

Housing prices would go up, and the value of real estate would go down. 

Commodity prices would drop, and people would have to borrow money to buy goods and services.
It's not that it's secret, it's that they don't want it to be known. 

It's just that the government doesn't want people to know about it.
Reddit gold is an alloy of gold and silver. 

Gold is used as a store of value.

It is used to pay for premium features on the site, such as comment highlighting, exclusive subreddits, and a personalized Snoo (known as a "snoovatar").
You can see with your eyes and process that information while simultaneously "seeing" something you're imagining.
Too large-to-fail banks are bad for us because they are too big to fail. 

If a bank is too large to fail, it means that they can't lend money to other banks.  If they don't have enough money to pay back their loans, they will default on their loans.  This means that other banks will have to step in and take over the bank.

This is bad for the economy because it means other banks have to take on the risk of losing money as well.
Advertisers pay the publisher a commission for every visitor referred by the publisher to the advertiser (web site) and performs a desired action, such as filling out a form, creating an account or signing up for a newsletter.
A phobia is a fear of something that is not rational. 

For example, if you are afraid of heights, but you are scared of heights because you have never been in a high-rise building, you are not irrational.

A fear of heights is not irrational because it is caused by a traumatic event in your life.
They don't.  

They have licensing agreements with the studios that produce the shows.  They pay them for the rights to use their content, but they don't pay the studios for the right to distribute the content.  The shows are not made by Netflix, they are made by the studios.
It's called a "soft" power switch. It's a little bit like a light switch. When you press the button, it turns on, but it doesn't know that you pressed it. It just knows that you have pressed the button.
It depends on the nerve. 

Your spinal cord is connected to the brain via the spinal cord.

The spinal cord has a number of different types of nerves.  Some of them are connected to muscles, some to nerves in the skin, and some to nerve endings in the brain.  The nerves are connected by a series of nerves called the [cuneate fasciculus](_URL_0_).  These nerves are responsible for the sensation of touch, vibration, and pain.  They are also responsible for proprioception, which is the sense of touch.  These nerve are
I think it has to do with copy protection. 

When you watch a video on a mobile device, you're watching it on your phone, not on your computer.

The video is stored on the internet, so it can be viewed on any device that has a connection to the internet.
Hitler was the Fhrer of Germany. He was the leader of the Nazi party, the Fuhrer of the German state, and the supreme commander of all German military forces. 

He was responsible for the extermination of millions of people.

If Hitler never existed, there would be no WWII and no Holocaust.
C3, C4, and CAM pathways.

The C3 pathway is the one that is used in photosynthesis. 

C4 is the C4 pathway, which is the pathway used in respiration.
Assembly is a programming language.  It's a set of instructions that tell the computer what it needs to do.  

Binary code is written in binary, which is just a string of numbers.

Assembly is compiled into a series of hyperblocks.  These hyperblocks contain the instructions that the computer needs to perform.  The instructions are stored in the hyperblocks, and when the computer loads them into memory, they are written into binary.  This means that when you write a program in assembly, you are writing binary code that tells the computer to do a bunch of different things.
A DDoS attack is when a group of people flood a single server with a lot of traffic at the same time. 

Imagine you have a bunch of servers all connected to the internet at once, and you want to connect to all of them at once.

The first step is to connect all of the servers in the network to each other, so that all the traffic is coming from the same source.  This is called a "layer 7 DDOS attack".

If you connect all the servers to the same network, you can't connect to any of the other servers at all.
They don't. 

They use a system called GDS (General Data System).  It's a database of all the people who have used the website in the past.  They know how many people have used it and how many times they've used it in the last year.  If they know that X people are viewing this hotel/event/flight right now, then they know how much money they have in the bank.

If they don't know that, they can't know.
The new version of the CAPTCHA works by asking you to type the letters of the distorted image.

The computer then uses that information to determine if you are a human or not.



If you are human, the computer can't tell you apart. If you are not human, it can't.
Nano tubes/nanotechnology in products today are made up of a lot of different materials.

1. Polyelectrolyte nanostructures

2. Polymers

3. Nanostructured hollow multilayered tubes can be made by combining layer-by-layer (LbL) and template leaching. 

4. Electrolytes can be used to make nanotubes, which are made of polymers that can be thin, thin, and thin.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm assuming it's because she's a licensed gun owner. 

If you don't have a license, you can't legally own a gun.
Marijuana is a Schedule I drug, which means that it is considered addictive and dangerous.

Addictive prescriptions are Schedule II drugs, which are classified as Schedule I drugs, meaning that they are not considered addictive or dangerous. 

Marijuana, on the other hand, is Schedule II, which is classified as a stimulant drug, meaning it is not considered to be addictive.
I'm not sure what you mean by "feel", but I can give you an idea of how it works. 

Imagine you have a prosthetic arm.  You have a bunch of nerves in your arm that are connected to your brain.  When you move your arm, your brain sends signals to the prosthesis.  These signals are interpreted by your brain, and your brain interprets them as signals from your muscles.  Your brain then interprets these signals as commands, and you can use them to control the prosthetic.

In the case of a mind controlled prosthetic, the brain
She was not suspended by her club or national team. She was suspended by the US Soccer Federation (USSF), which is the governing body of women's soccer in the US.
Afghanistan is a Muslim country.  

Iraq is a Christian country.

IS is a Sunni Muslim.
Alcohol is a diuretic, meaning it binds to the receptors in your mouth and throat that sense heat and acidity.

When you drink a lot of alcohol, your tongue and throat are exposed to a lot more of it, so it's more sensitive to it.
Schrdinger's theory is a mathematical description of quantum mechanics.  Heisenberg's is a more formal description of it. 

Heisenberg was the first to point out that there is no such thing as a "wave" in quantum mechanics, and that it is a wave.  The wave is not a particle, but a waveform.  It is a function of time.  If you think of the waveform as a vector, you can think of it as a measure of how fast a particle is moving.  This is what we call momentum.

The difference between
When you get a refund on your credit card it happens at light speed, but when you get charged on your card it's slower than molasses in January.
Gravity doesn't affect low earth orbit objects (I.e. satellites) but not the things inside. 

Satellites are held in orbit by the gravity of the planet which they are orbiting.

Things inside the spacecraft are being held in space by the inertia of the spacecraft itself, not gravity.
It is cheaper to buy produce directly from a farmer. 

The farm gate value is the cost of the produce itself.  It's not the price of the product itself, it's the price that the farmer gets from the store.  If you go to a farmer's market, you'll find that they sell their produce at a much lower price than they sell it at Walmart.

If you go directly to a store, you're buying the product directly from the farmer, and they're selling it to you at a higher price.  They're not selling it at a lower price because they're
Mussels that do not open during cooking are not safe to eat because they contain a toxin that can kill you. 

Mussels can be eaten raw, but it is best to cook them before eating them.
Nickelback is a country band from the south. They are known for their country music, but they are also known as an emo band. 

They have a lot of hits, but their music isn't very good.  They are a little too loud, they don't have a good sense of humor, and they are too much of a downer.

I'm not sure what you mean by emo, but I think it has to do with the fact that they are a bunch of douchebags.
When you get off a treadmill, your brain interprets the ground as moving. 

When you're walking on a treadmill you're not moving on the ground, you're moving through the air.

Your brain is interpreting the air as a moving object.
When you have an orgasm, your body releases a hormone called vasopressin. This hormone causes your blood vessels to constrict, which causes your heart to pump more blood to your brain, which in turn causes your brain to think more clearly.
I think it has to do with the fact that the internet is a medium of communication.  It is a way for people to communicate and exchange ideas and information.  If you don't have access to the internet, you can't do that.
When you're sick, your body is trying to get rid of the toxins in your stomach and intestines. 

When you eat, your stomach is full of bacteria and other stuff that your body doesn't want to digest.  Your body is also trying to rid itself of toxins that are causing you to feel sick.

Your body also has a hormone called ghrelin. Ghrelin is the hormone that makes you feel hungry.  When you are sick, you're not getting enough of it, so your body can't produce enough.  This is why you feel full after eating.
Crossfiring is when two devices are connected to each other at the same time. 

For example, if you have a computer that connects to a network, and you want to connect to the internet, you can do this by connecting one device to another device.

If you have two devices connected to the same network, but one of them is connected to a different computer, then you can use crossfiring to connect the two devices to eachother.
It's because the browser has to keep track of all of the data that's being displayed on the screen. 

When an image or other part of the page loads, the browser needs to know where it is, so it can update the data it has stored on the page.  This is done in a couple of ways:

1. The browser knows where the data is, and it knows how long it will take for it to be updated.

2. It knows when it's time for the data to go back to the server, so the browser knows that it needs to update the
Your skin is made of melanin. Melanin is a pigment that protects your skin from UV radiation. When you use a tanning bed, you are exposing your skin to a lot of UV radiation, which causes your skin cells to produce more melanin, which is a type of skin cancer.
Olfactory adaptation is a process that happens when your brain gets used to a new smell. 

When you smell something for the first time, your brain is used to it.  Your brain recognizes that it's a new thing, so it's more likely to recognize it as new.

If you're not used to the smell, you don't notice it as much, but if you are, you'll notice it less.
Voldemort's strength is due to the fact that he is a wizard.  He is a powerful wizard, but he is also a wizard because he is the son of a witch.  In the book, he is not a wizard, he's a wizard's son.  This means that he has magical powers that make him stronger than any other wizard.

In the movie, he has a lot of magical powers, but they are not as strong as he is in the book.  The reason he is so strong is because he has the ability to manipulate gravity.  When he was a child, he
It's not that you can't use the same chocolate chip recipe, it's just that you need to adjust the amount of chocolate chips. 

Chocolate chips are made of a lot of different types of chocolate, so you can use different kinds of chips and different amounts of chocolate to get different results.
The US Patent Office does not have the authority to do that.  

The US patent office does have the power to issue patents, but they are not allowed to do so unless they are granted by a court.

If they do, they have to show that the patent is valid, and that the inventor was able to prove that they were able to use the invention in the way they claimed it was intended to be used.  If they don't have that authority, they can't issue a patent.
This is a picture of an atom. 

_URL_0_
Compound bows are made of wood, horn, sinew, and sinew laminated together. The sinew is the one that holds the bow together, and the horn is the thing that makes the bow move. 

The bow itself is made from wood, but it's also made of sinew. When the bow is drawn, the sinew (stretched on the outside) and horn (compressed on the inside) store more energy than wood for the same length of bow. When you fire the bow, you're using the bow to pull the arrow out of the wood, not the other way
Tinfoil is made up of a bunch of tiny little crystals. When you chew on it, you're biting into a thin layer of tinfoil, and the tiny crystals get stuck to your teeth. 

When you eat it, the crystals get pushed out of your teeth, and you feel the crunchy texture.

_URL_0_
I think it has to do with the fact that your body is used to dealing with a lot of stress. You are used to being stressed, so when you come back from a non-stressful day at work or school, your body goes into overdrive. Your body is trying to keep up with the amount of work you have to do, so you feel like you are drowning in it.
You can think of a word and use it properly in a sentence even though you can't recall what the word means. 

It's because your brain has a pre-frontal cortex, the part of your brain responsible for making sense of words, which is also responsible for remembering the meaning of words.
The human eye can perceive anywhere from 480fps to 4000fps, and see it as looking completely realistic or immersive naturally.

However, when you're playing a game at 30fps, your eyes are used to seeing the game at 240fps, so the game is playing at 240 fps.


Your eyes are not used to watching a video at 240hz, so they don't get used to 30fps.
The house has the advantage in blackjack because they have more money to bet on the first hand of the game.  

Blackjack is a game where the dealer has a lot of control over the cards.  If he has a good hand, he can bet more money than the other players, and if he doesn't, he will lose. 
  

 
The house also has a big advantage in roulette, craps, and blackjack.  The dealer has more control over how much money he has to bet, so he can put more money in the pot.  He
The "natural" sleeping position for humans is to lie on your back with your arms down the side, with your head on the pillow. 

This is because it is the natural position for our heads to rest on.  If you lay on your stomach, your head will rest on your chest, and your arms will be resting on your shoulders.  This is because your arms and shoulders are the most important parts of your body.  Your head is also the one that controls your breathing and heart rate.  When you sleep on your side, you are resting your head against the pillow, which is the
It's not about the speech itself, it's about the timing of the speech. 

The speech was arranged without the support and engagement of the Obama administration and the timing before Israel's 17 March 2015 election.
I think it has to do with the amount of time it takes for the viewer to digest the story. 

If you watch a movie, it takes a lot of time for you to digest it.  You have to take in all of the details and figure out what's going on.  If you watch TV, you don't have to do that.
>  Why doesn't our constitutional right to privacy apply to the internet?

Because it's not a separate legal right.

The First Amendment protects the right to free speech and expression.  The right to freedom of expression includes freedom to receive and impart information and ideas and to hold opinions without any state interference.
The Combined Federal Campaign (CFC) is a political action committee (PAC). It's a group of organizations that coordinate and coordinate campaign spending on behalf of candidates. 

The CFC works with the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (DCCC) and the Republican National Committee (NNC) to coordinate campaign funding.

CFC is a 501(c)(3) organization that is funded by the Federal Election Commission (FEC). It is a non-profit organization that works with candidates to raise money and spend it on their campaigns.  The CFC has a budget of $1.5 million and
Airline tickets used to be sold at the airport ticket office. 

They used to sell tickets at the ticket counter in the arrival hall.

Now they sell them online.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it has to do with the way your brain works. When you're in a good mood, your brain is telling your body that you're doing well, and when you are in a bad mood, it's telling your brain that you are not doing well.
If you have a layer with 50% opacity, the top layer will be darker than the bottom layer. 

If you put a layer that is 50% opaque, it will be a solid gray.
I'm not an expert, but I think it's because of the way the paint is applied. 

It's a lot easier to paint things like furniture and cars than it is to paint a house or a car.

The paint you see on the outside of a car or a house is not the same as the paint on the inside of the car or house.  It's the paint that's applied to the car, not the paint itself.  If you're painting a house, you're applying a coat of paint to the inside, not to the outside.  You're applying the paint
They have to pay a fee to the NFL for the rights to broadcast the game. 

The NFL has a contract with the cable companies that pay them for the right to air the game, and they have to agree to pay them a certain amount of money for each commercial.
We did not invent the algorithm. 

The algorithm is from Jersey.

_URL_0_ means "We didn't invent it".
Humans have evolved to show off our teeth to show that we are superior to other animals. 

When we smile, it's to show dominance and dominance.

But when we frown, we're showing that we're sad or angry.
We don't have the technology to drill that deep into the earth. 

We have the tools to do it, but we don't know enough about the geology of the earth to know where the oil and gas are.
Proteins help your body break down carbohydrates into amino acids that can be used for energy. 

When you work out, your body needs to break down carbs to make ATP, which is the energy that your muscles use to build muscle.  When you eat protein, it breaks down the carbs and makes ATP, and your body uses that ATP to build more muscle.

If you don't eat enough protein after working out, you'll end up with too little ATP and your muscles will start to lose muscle mass.
Wall Street is a bunch of people who make money by trading stocks, bonds, and other financial instruments. 

They do this because they are paid to do so.  They make a lot of money by selling stocks and bonds to people who want to buy them, and then they sell them to other people who are looking for a return.

If you want to know more about what they do, check out [this article](_URL_0_).
Doing nothing feels like the best option when there's a lot to do. 

When there's nothing to do, your brain is telling you that you should be doing something, but you're too lazy to do it.

If you have a lot of time to do something, you're telling your brain that doing nothing is a bad option.
It depends on the camera.  

Most cameras have a "bulb" setting on the shutter, which allows you to open the shutter for a short time, allowing the photographer to get into the picture, for example.
It was a sting operation. The ATF was trying to track down guns that were being trafficked into Mexico by the drug cartels. 

The cartels were using the guns for drug trafficking, and the ATF wanted to track them down.

So they set up a fake sting operation in which they would buy guns from the cartels and sell them back to the US government for $100,000.  The cartels didn't want the guns back, so they paid the ATF for the guns, but the ATF didn't follow through on the deal.  So the guns ended up in the hands of the cartels,
You need a glore vyrden.  It's a piece of glass that absorbs light from the outside of the lamp.  When it's empty, it absorbs the light from other sources.  If it's full, it can't absorb any light.
Bacon comes from the gizzard of the turkey. 

The gizzard is the part of the bird that contains the innards of the animal that gives the meat its color.  It's called the gizzard.
WPA is the Wireless Public Access Public Key Authority. 

WPA2 is the successor to WPA.
Middle names are a way for people to keep track of who they are and what they are related to. 

In ancient Rome, it was common for members of the elite to have a praenomen (a personal name), a last name (a family name, and a cognomen) and a surname (a name representing an individual attribute or the specific branch of a person's family).

Middle names became popular in the Middle Ages because it was easier to remember someone's first name than to remember their last name.
Your intestines are not designed to digest food in a day. They are designed to take a day to digest. 

When you eat something like hot wings from hooters, you're not digesting it in the same way as if you were eating a piece of bread.  Your intestines aren't designed for that.  They're designed for the digestion of carbohydrates, proteins, fats, and vitamins.  When you eat a hot wing, your intestines don't have time to digest the food.  The bacteria in your gut are still digesting the food, so it takes a day for the
Sugar, fat, and calories are all energy. 

Calories are a measure of how much energy you need to get through a meal.  They are measured in kilocalories, which is the amount of energy a person needs to get from food.

Carbohydrates and fats are the main sources of energy for your body, but they are not the only sources.  Water is also a source of energy, but it is used for many things.  For example, when you eat a piece of bread, you are using a lot of energy to digest it.  This is called
Whole grain food requires less processing than white flour. 

White flour is made from wheat, which requires more energy to produce than whole grain.

Whole grains are made from grass, which does not require as much processing.
The bedridden and those dependent on machines for survival evacuated. 

The hospital has a lot of equipment that can be used to keep them alive.  They can be moved to other parts of the hospital, or they can be taken to other hospitals.
When you look at the sun, you're looking at it from a different angle than you are looking at the rest of the sky. 

The sun's light reflects off of the earth's atmosphere, and the atmosphere reflects back at you from the sun.

When the sun is above the horizon, the atmosphere is very thin, so the light that is reflected off of it is refracted by the atmosphere.  This causes it to appear as a blue circle.
It depends on the situation. 

If a woman couldn't give birth, she would have a cesarean section to remove the placenta, which is the fetus that is still in the uterus.

In the case of a C-section, the fetus would be removed from the uterus, and the mother would then be delivered via a vaginal delivery. 


If the woman was able to give birth vaginally, she could have a vaginal birth, but if she couldn't, she'd have to be delivered vaginally.
Your brain has a system called the [Metronome](_URL_0_). It's a system that tells you how much time has passed since you last looked at the clock. 

When you look at a clock, it tells you that it's been 24 hours since the last time you looked at it.

Your brain can also tell you how long it has been since your last look at it, but it's not as accurate as you think it is.
It's called the [TOT effect](_URL_0_). It's a phenomenon that happens when you learn a new word/term from a TV show or game, and then you start seeing it frequently after that. 

It's caused by the fact that your brain doesn't have time to store it in the semantic memory store, it's stored in the phonological memory store.
Cable companies don't want you to pick and pay for only the channels you want.  They want to make sure that you have access to all the channels that you want, so they can charge you more for the ones that you don't.
The more you eat before going to bed, the more hungry you wake up in the morning. 

Your body releases a hormone called ghrelin before you go to bed that makes you feel hungry.  When you eat, your body releases it to prepare your stomach for food.  It's a hormone that your body produces when it senses that it's time to eat.
Russia has a lot to gain from invading Ukraine. 

Ukraine is a poor country with a lot of problems.  Ukraine is a former colony of Russia.  It has been annexed by the USSR and is now a part of the Russian Federation.  Russia has been trying to expand its influence in Ukraine for decades, but Ukraine has not been able to do so.

Russia wants to expand their influence in the region.  They want to control Ukraine's oil and gas resources, and they want to have control over the region's political and economic situation.  This is why they are invading Ukraine, and
It's not the direction the air is actually moving, it's the direction that the wind is coming from. 

If you look at a map of the world, you'll notice that there are a lot of points in the same direction.  If you take a look at the map, you will notice that the direction of the wind from which the wind originates is the same as the direction from which it is moving.

The reason for this is that it's easier to measure wind speed if you know the direction in which the winds are coming from, than if you don't.
It depends on the type of item. 

If you're talking about things like clothes, shoes, etc, you have to pay for the cost of the shipping.  If you are talking about items like clothes and shoes, you are paying for the shipping costs of the item itself.  The item itself is not the cost, it's the cost to transport the item from the manufacturer to the consumer.

For example, if you want to buy a pair of jeans, you need to pay the manufacturer for shipping them to you.  That's the price of the jeans.  But if you are
The Grammys have two categories: Record of the Year and Album of the year. 

Recording is a category that is given to the best album released in the past year.

An album is a collection of recordings that have been released in a given year.
Saddam Hussein was the leader of the Baath party.  He was the son of the founder of the party, and he was a member of the military.  The Baath Party was the ruling party in Iraq at the time, and it was led by Saddam Hussein's father.  Saddam was a general in the army, and was appointed president of the country in 1979.  

He was overthrown by the regime of Hassan al-Bakr, who was the father of the current president of Iraq.  Bakr was a former member of Saddam's father's regime, and had been
Your body is made of a bunch of very dense materials, and the pressure in the atmosphere is equal to the pressure inside your body. 

Your skin is made up of a lot of very thin, very elastic, very porous materials.  If you put pressure on your skin, it would compress, but your skin is very dense, so the pressure would not be enough to crush it.
A signature is a way to prove that you are who you say you are, and that you signed the document.  

If you're signing a contract, for example, you need to be able to prove you are the person who signed the contract.  If you're not able to do that, then you can't sign the contract, and the contract will not be valid.

A signature can also be used to prove your identity.  For example, if you sign a contract with a company, you can show that you're the one who signed it, and they can't prove you're
I think it has to do with the fact that we don't have a language to describe pain. We don't know how to describe it, so we have no way of expressing it. 

Animals, on the other hand, do have language. They can vocalize when they are in pain, but they don't need to communicate it to others.
I think it has to do with the way your brain interprets sounds. 

When you hear a voice, your brain tells your brain that the sound is coming from the other person, so you have to adjust your brain to hear it differently.

Your brain also tells your body that you sound different to other people, so your brain has to adjust the way it interprets the sound.
It depends on a lot of factors.

1. The bullet is traveling at a very high rate of speed. 

2. The wound is in the abdominal cavity, which is a very small space, so it doesn't have the same amount of space for the bullet to enter and exit as a shot to the chest. 


3. The blood vessels in the abdomen are very small, so the bullet will not be able to penetrate them.  
4. There is a large amount of blood in the blood vessels, so if the bullet hits one of them, it will cause a
Your eyes are only capable of taking in light for a fraction of a second at a time. 

When you're looking for something, your eyes are sending out a signal to your brain telling it that there is something there.  Your brain interprets that signal as a signal and interprets it as a picture.
Iran has been accused of supporting terrorism. The US has been trying to get them to shut down their nuclear program. 

Iran is also accused of being a sponsor of terrorism.

The US wants to get Iran to give up its nuclear program so that they can get rid of it.
It's just a label to make us pay more and feel less guilty
I think it's because it's easier to sell something for $9.99 than to sell it for $10.
I think it's because it's easier to keep the car in one place than to keep it in another. 

It's also easier to put a boot on a car when you don't want it to be parked.
Wikipedia is not a free encyclopedia. 

It is a wiki.  It is maintained by volunteers.

Editors work for free.
When you charge an electronic device, you are using the battery to store energy. 

When the battery is full, it starts to discharge.  
When it's full, the electrons in the battery start to flow out of the battery and into the air.  This causes the air to become electrically conductive, and the air will start to ionize.  When the air is ionized, it causes the electrons to flow back into the battery.

This is what happens when you plug a battery into a charger.  The electrons are being attracted to the air in the gap between the
Your body's immune system has a different response to different colds.  Your body produces different types of antibodies against different cold-causing viruses.  These are called cold-specific antibodies.  

Your body produces a different type of cold virus at different times of the year.  For example, if you have a cold during the winter months, your body will produce more antibodies to fight off the cold virus.  But if you get a cold in the spring, your immune system will produce less antibodies to the virus, and your body won't be able to fight it off.
The connection we experience with our SO is not programmed in us. It is a natural part of us. 

We are programmed to recognize that we are connected to our SO, and that we need to communicate with them.
Metaposts are not meant to be for *complex* topics to be explained simply.

They are meant for *simple* topics that are easy to understand. 

If you want to understand something, you need to understand it first.
Snapchat doesn't need to fix the picture quality, it needs to improve the video quality. 

Snapchat is not an Android app, it's an iOS app.
ATMs work in terms of profit.  

When you use an ATM, you pay the bank for the privilege of using it.  The bank then gives you a percentage of the amount you withdraw.  If you use the ATM, they give you a commission.

If you don't use the ATMs, they charge you a fee.  This is called a "surcharge".  It's a fee that the bank charges you for the convenience of using the ATM.  It can be as low as $1.50 per transaction, or as high as $10 per transaction.
The Pearl Index is a measure of how effective a condom is at preventing transmission of STDs. 

Basically, 98% effective means that 98% of people who use a condom will not contract STDs, and 98% will not get pregnant.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it has something to do with the fact that tattoos can cause blood loss. 

Tattooing can lead to blood clots, which can be a problem for people who donate blood.  If you have a blood clotting disorder, you can't donate blood until you stop taking anti-clotting medications.
The minifridge has a water heater that heats up the water in the freezer. The water is pumped into a small tube with metal pegs immersed in the water. The pegs use a heating and cooling system inside to freeze the water around them and then heat up so the ice slips off the peg and into the tray.
The ship is not going to be removed.  It will be towed out of the water by a tugboat.  The tugboat will then be towed to the site of the crash and the ship will be loaded onto a crane.  

They will then use the crane to lift the ship to the surface.

Once the ship is on the surface, the crane will be used to lift it off the ground.  They will then put it on a flatbed truck and drive it back to the dock.  There will be a crane attached to the truck that will lift it to the shore.
Electronic music is a type of music that uses synthesizers and drum machines. 

There are a lot of different types of electronic music, but I'll try to break it down into a few categories.

Dance music is the most common type.  It's a genre that is popular in the US and Europe.  There are two main types of dance music: electronic dance music (EDM) and electronic house music (EBM).

Electronic dance music is generally made with synthesizers, drum machines, and bass drums.  The main difference between the two is that electronic dance
Because the front of the phone is too small to hold a speaker.

The front of your phone is also too small for a speaker to be a good place for a microphone to be.
It's called a "thunderclap" headache, and it's caused by a sudden change in pressure inside your skull. When you get a headache, the pressure in your skull increases, which causes the blood vessels in your brain to constrict, causing a headache.
Computer science is the study of computer science. 

Computer Science is a very broad field.  It covers a lot of different things, from programming languages, to programming languages like Python, PHP, Java, C#, C++, Python 3.

There are many different computer science degrees, but the most common ones are Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science and Computer Science Management.  These are all related to computer science, but they are not all computer science majors.  They are all different degrees, and they all require different degrees.  There are a few different degrees in
Deep sea creatures don't have eyes.  They don't need them.  Their eyes are adapted to the darkness of the deep sea.
Plastic is cheap to make, but it's also cheap to store, so they have to make it as easy to open as possible for people to get to it.
Stem cell therapy is not a new idea, it's been around for a long time. 

The problem is that the US government is very hesitant to fund it because they don't want to lose money on it.
It's not that they want animals to eat them, it's because they want them to be eaten. 

Carotenoid pigments are the main reason that fruits and vegetables have bright colors.  They have a lot of carotenoids in them, which are the same pigments that are used to make skin color.
The quotation marks are used to indicate that the quote is not the subject of the sentence. 

The period is used to emphasize that the quotation is the subject, not the object.
We don't have a finite amount of teeth. 

Our teeth are a product of evolution.  We evolved to be able to eat a lot of food.  Our teeth are the result of our diet.  When we evolved to eat more food, our jaws got smaller and our teeth got shorter.  This is why we have a lot more wisdom teeth than other animals.  The reason we have so many wisdom teeth is because they are the third molars in our mouths.  They are the ones that help us chew.  If you have too many of them, you can't eat as much
Cannabis is a psychoactive drug, meaning that it affects your brain in a way that causes you to experience a wide range of different things. 

For example, when you're under the influence of THC, your brain releases endocannabinoids, which are chemicals that affect your brain's ability to process information and memory.  These chemicals are found in the brain's hippocampus, which is the part of the brain responsible for memory and long-term memory.

When you're high on THC, you're also taking in a lot of other chemicals, such as dopamine, serotonin, and serotonin receptors
They don't have access to any of those things. 

They are locked in their cells.  They are not supposed to be able to get out of their cells, and they are not allowed to leave their cells at all.
Love is not an evolutionary advantage.

It is an evolutionary disadvantage. 

When you fall in love, it means that you are less likely to mate with other males, which is bad for the survival of the species.  If you mate with more males, you are more likely to have more offspring, which means you will be able to pass on your genes to the next generation.
The word "baby" is derived from the French word for "peasants". 

"Peasants" means "pregnant" in French, and "pregnancy" is from the English word "pea".

It's not clear when it started to be used in a sexual context, but I think it was in the early 1900s.
The Spanish language is not the same as the Spanish spoken in Latin America. 

There are many different dialects of Spanish, but the main difference is that in Spain, there is a lot of emphasis on grammar, vocabulary, and vocabulary. In Latin America, there are many dialects that are spoken by the same people, but they are very different.
The USSR was a communist country. It was ruled by the Communist Party, which was controlled by the KGB. 

There was no freedom of speech, there was no free speech, and there were no freedoms of religion, there were strict laws about what you could and couldn't do, and you were subject to the rule of law.

The only freedom you could have was to be a member of the Communist party, and if you were not, you were considered an enemy of the state.
We don't have driverless cars because we don't need them.

There are a few reasons for this:

1. We don't want them to be too dangerous. 

2. They would be too expensive to build and maintain.
A molecule is an electrically neutral group of two or more atoms held together by chemical bonds.

An element is an atom that has an electron in it.
It's not that emulators are superior to consoles, it's that they're not as good at emulating old consoles as they are at making new ones.

At the time, emulators were a way for developers to make games for old consoles without having to deal with the limitations of the hardware they were trying to emulate. 

For example, if you want to make a game for the NES, you have to make sure that the hardware is compatible with the software you're trying to make. If you're making an emulator for the SNES, you're not making a game that's compatible with
Google and Amazon are not down "for maintenance". They are down for maintenance because their servers are constantly being used. 

They are down because they need to maintain their servers.

Google is not down because of maintenance, it's because they are constantly adding new servers.
The Tea Party is a group of people who believe that the federal government is too big, too intrusive, and too intrusive.  They believe that they are entitled to more power than the government should have, and that they should be able to do whatever they want with it.  

They believe that government should be limited to the things they want, not the things it is supposed to do.
Some fruits have a hard core (peaches as mangos), some have a soft core (apples, pears, etc) and relatively no cores (kiwi and oranges)
Vicks is an antihistamine. 

When you rub it on your throat, you're rubbing oil on your mucous membranes, which is the part of your throat that makes up your mucus membranes.  When you rub Vicks on your sore throat, it lubricates the mucous membrane, which makes it easier for you to breathe.

This lubricating effect is what causes you to cough less.
I think it has to do with the color of the paint. 

Muted colors reflect less light than bright ones, so they are easier to see.
I'm not sure what you're asking about, but I'll try to do my best. 

Philosophy is a very broad field of thought, and there are a lot of different schools of thought in it.

There are two main areas of philosophy that are currently being studied, ethics and materialism. 


1. Ethics

Ethics is the study of human nature and morality. It's a very important topic in philosophy, because it's one of the most important areas of study in the world, and it's a topic that is very relevant to the world at large.
Salaried employees are required to work 40 hours per week.  

Non-salaried workers are exempt from the overtime rules.  This means that they don't have to work overtime, but they can work extra hours if they want to.

If you are a salaried employee, you can work more hours than 40 hours a week, but you don't need to be paid for it.
I think it's because they don't want to have to deal with the hassle of setting up a subreddit. 

Reddit is a place for people to talk about their problems.  It's not a place where they can talk about the problems of other people.
The instruments are called ALICE, LORRI, PEPSSI, RALPH, REX, SDC, and SWAP.

Each of these instruments has a different function. 

ALICE is a radio receiver.  It is used to send radio signals to the Voyager spacecraft, which are then sent back to Earth via radio waves. 


ELI5:

LORRI:  ELI5 is an instrument that uses radio waves to send signals back to the spacecraft.  


PEPSSI:  



RALPH:
They don't coordinate to make such a complex community. 

They coordinate to find food.  They coordinate to keep the hive together.  
   

 
Bees, ants, and termites are eusocial, meaning that each individual is assigned a specific task and assigned a caste.  The queen is the queen, and the workers are the workers.  Each worker has a specific job, and they are assigned to a specific caste based on their ability to do that job.  If the queen is not able to do the job, then the workers take over.
I think it has to do with the fact that the TV and computer are using the same hard drive. The hard drive is the same size as the TV, so it takes longer to boot up. 

Also, the TV is using a different type of hard drive than the computer, which means that it needs to read more data from the hard drive and write it to the monitor.
Women's non-casual clothing never widely developed pockets like men's clothing has. 

In the middle ages, women wore skirts and blouses that had pockets, but they were not as fashionable as men's.

The pockets came about in the 18th and 19th century, when women started to wear skirts and coats, and men started wearing coats and coats with pockets.
I'm not a lawyer, but I can give you an ELI5 version of the process.

First, you have to get a degree in law.  You have to go to a law school.  If you want to be a lawyer you need to get an LL.B.  This is the first step.  It is a degree that is required to be admitted to the bar.  

After you get your degree, you are required to take a course called the Legal Practical Legal Training (PLT).  The course is designed to prepare you for becoming a lawyer.
North Korea and South Korea are technically still part of the same country, but they are separated by the Demilitarized Zone (DMZ). 

The DMZ is a buffer zone between North Korea and the rest of the world.  The DMZ was created after the 1950-53 Korean War, when the Soviet Union invaded and took control of the Korean peninsula.

After the war, the two Koreas were divided into two separate states, and the North Koreans were forced to live in the DMZ, while the South Koreans lived in what is now the Republic of Korea (the Republic of China
Yahoo was too big and had too much money. 

Google was too small and too slow.

Facebook was too slow and too expensive.
It's called a Chapter 11 bankruptcy.  

Chapter 11 is a type of bankruptcy in the United States.  It's when a company is unable to pay its debts as they become due, or is insolvent within the meaning of the Bankruptcy Code.
The United Kingdom is a country.  It is a union of England, Scotland, Wales, Northern Ireland, and the Republic of Ireland.
It would take about 5 hours to drive across the Hollywoo to Hawaii bridge from Bojack Horseman.
Parma ham comes from Parma, Italy. Parmesan cheese comes from Parmigiano-Reggiano, which is from the same region as Parma.
The UK is a union of four countries, England, Wales, Scotland, Northern Ireland, and Ireland.  

England, Wales and Northern Ireland are all part of the UK, but each has its own parliament or assembly and is self-governing with respect to certain areas set down by law.
It's because the level counter has a maximum 8bit integer value. 

If you want to know how many dots you can eat in a level, you have to multiply the number of dots in the level by 10, and then divide by 10 to get the number you need to get to level 256.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it has something to do with the fact that when you're confronted with a wall of text, or book, you're compelled to look for a shorter version or skip it entirely, but you have no problem spending entire hours reading Reddit comments?
When you push your uncooked spaghetti into the boiling water, you're pushing it deeper into the water, which causes it to boil harder. 

It's not that the water is hotter, it's that you're increasing the surface area the water has to cover, which increases the amount of surface area for the water to reach its boiling point.
They don't pass gas in space, they inhale it. 

They breathe it in through their noses and exhale it through their mouths.
Cats have a much more efficient digestive system than dogs do. They can eat a lot of food in a day and digest it quickly. They also have a lot more energy than dogs, so they don't need to drink as much water.
Doner kebabs contain a lot of protein, but not enough to kill you.

The meat itself is not poisonous, it's just full of fat and carbs.
I think it has to do with the nicotine receptors in your brain. When you smoke a cigarette, you're activating the nicotinic acetylcholine receptors in the brain. These receptors are located in the central nervous system and at the nerve-muscle junction of skeletal muscles; whose activity increases heart rate, alertness, and faster reaction times. 

When you inhale the smoke, your brain releases dopamine, which is a neurotransmitter that makes you feel good. Nicotine is a stimulant, which means that it makes your brain feel good, which makes you want to smoke more cigarettes.
Hashtags are a way for people to find each other.  

_URL_0_
Your immune system is a bunch of cells that are programmed to respond to certain things.  When you are stressed, your immune cells are activated, and they start to do things they normally don't do.  For example, when you are in a fight or flight situation, the immune cells start to make proteins that they normally do not make.  These proteins are called stress proteins.

When you are not stressed, the stress proteins stop working properly, and your immune system can't do the things it normally does.  This causes your body to make more of these stress proteins, and the immune system has to
It's just a marketing gimmick.  

_URL_0_
I'm not an expert, but I can give you a few pointers. 

1. You need to know how to navigate the internet covertly and anonymously.

2. You have to know where to go and how to get there.
3. If you don't know where you're going, you need to find a way to hide your identity.
A suit jacket is a suit, made up of a long-sleeved shirt with a tailored jacket.  It is worn with a blazer, usually tailored from solid color or striped fabrics.

A sport coat is a jacket, made of a more tailored fabric, usually made of wool or linen.  

It is usually worn with trousers, but can also be worn with dress pants.
Principia Mathematica does not prove 1+1=2, but it proves 1+2.

1+1 = 2 is a theorem of logic. It's a theorem that says that if you have a set of numbers, you can prove that any of them is a natural number. 

For example, let's say you want to prove that 0=1. You can do this by saying that 0 = 1, and 1=2 is the natural number of numbers that are equal to 0. You could also prove that 1=1 is the number of natural numbers that can be
I think it has to do with the way the sheets absorb moisture.  When you sleep, your body absorbs moisture from your skin, which makes it feel warmer.  If you have clean sheets, the moisture evaporates from the sheets, and your body doesn't have to work as hard to absorb it.
Basic income is a concept that has been around for a long time. 

The basic idea is that you don't need to work to get a basic income.

It's not a universal basic income, it's a program that is meant to help people who are currently receiving social assistance, but are not able to work. 


For example, if you earn $10,000 a year, you would get $1,000 per month, but you would have to pay taxes on that money. If you work, you wouldn't get that money, but if you didn't work you wouldn
The car lights are not actually flicker.  They are used to simulate street lights or headlights of other cars.  It's just a way to make the car appear to be moving.
It's grammatically correct to use affect and effect. 

In English, the subject is the subject, the object is the object, and the verb is the verb.

The subject is not the object.  It's the object that's the subject.
Embezzlement is theft.

Larceny is taking something that does not belong to you.
It's called an interchange fee.  It's a percentage of the total cost of the transaction.  

Credit card companies charge a fee to the merchant for processing the transaction, and the merchant has to pay it back to the credit card company.  This is called a "convenience fee".
We tend to claim our society is a meritocracy, or believing hard work will grant success, why have we ignored people's inheriting of money and/or property?
It's not that he's a racist, it's that he is a socialist. 

He's a socialist, he just happens to be black.
The Secret Service was created to protect high ranking government officials rather than other agencies.

The FBI was created as a response to the 9/11 attacks.  It was the first agency to be created specifically to protect the president.
I think it's because TV shows have a shorter running time than movies. 

A movie takes a year or more to make a movie, and a TV show takes a few months to make an hour-long show.
I think it has to do with the temperature of the water in the pool. 

When you take a cold shower, you're using a lot of energy to keep the water from getting too hot.  When you're in a cold pool, you don't have to worry about that.
The word "girlfriend" was originally used to refer to a woman who was dating a man who was not engaged to her. 

"Girlfriend" is a colloquial term for a person who is not in a romantic relationship with a man, but who is also a friend of the same gender.
It depends on the type of 3D projector. 

DLP 3D uses a DLP (Digital Micro-Mirror Device) to project a 3D image onto the screen.  It uses a camera to focus the image onto your retina, which is the back of your eye.  When you look at a movie, your eyes are focused on the image on the screen, and the camera is focusing on your retina.

When you watch a 3d movie, you're looking at the image projected by the DLP projector, and your retina is focused on that image.  The camera
It's called the [Saliva Hypernatrium](_URL_0_) and it's caused by the salivary glands in your mouth over-reacting to the taste of things sour. 

It's basically the same reason you get salivation when you eat something salty, it's because your body is telling your brain that something is sour, and your body wants to get rid of it.
The chemistry behind love isn't so much chemistry as it is the chemistry between the two people. 

When two people are attracted to each other, their brains send signals to their brain telling them that they want to mate with them.  This is called attraction.  When two people feel attracted to one another, their brain sends them signals that tell them they should mate with each other.  These signals tell their brain that they should have sex with them, so they do.

If two people don't feel this way, they don't have sex.  If they do, it's because they don
F-stop is a punctuation mark used to indicate the end of sentences that are not questions or exclamations.
Yes, it's a universal thing. It's just that it's different in different cultures. 

In some cultures it's used as a way to show respect, in others as a show of respect.

It's also used to indicate that you are listening to what the other person is saying, and that you understand what they are saying.
Motion stabilization works by taking the image from the camera and applying it to the sensor.  The sensor is a sensor that measures how fast the camera is moving.  If the sensor is moving, it can detect that and adjust the image to compensate for it.

When the sensor detects motion, it sends a signal to the computer, which it interprets as a waveform.  This waveform is then translated into a single image.  When the computer interprets the waveform, it converts it into an image that is smooth.  

The computer then uses that image to create a new image
1/10 = 10/100

10/100 = 1/10

1/100 is the probability that the cat will eventually catch the mouse.

0/10 is the chance that the mouse will not catch the cat.
They don't update every play, stat, etc. 

They have a database of all the stats that are available, and they update them as they are added to the database.

It's a lot of work, but it's worth it.
It's called a snap.

When you win a free game on a pinball machine, you get a ball that's coated with a substance called fulminate. The pulley in the machine pushes the ball out of the way, which causes it to bounce off the bottom of the machine. The bouncing causes the pulley to snap, which is what makes the popping sound.
The MDR and MAR are required by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to ensure that the manufacturer of a drug is complying with the requirements set forth in the Food Safety Modernization Act of 1996. 

The FDA is responsible for regulating the manufacture of drugs, so they need to make sure that the product is safe and effective.

They also need to be able to track the quality of the product, which is important because the FDA has a lot of control over the quality and safety of drugs.
Ozone (O3) is a triatomic oxygen molecule, which means that it has two unpaired electrons. 

Oxygen (O2) has one unpaired electron, which is what makes it dioxygen.

The reason it's higher in the atmosphere is because it's more reactive.  Oxygen is a diatomic molecule, meaning that it can react with other atoms to form molecules.  It's also more reactive than O2, so it's easier for it to be broken down into smaller molecules.
I think it's because of the way the video is recorded. 

When you're shooting a video, you're using a camera with a wide angle lens.  You're shooting at a very high frame rate, and you're trying to get as many frames as possible out of the footage.  This means that you have to take a lot of pictures of the same thing, and then edit them together to make it look like it's been done in hundreds of takes.

If you look at the video you're watching, you can see that the video was shot in multiple takes.
I think it's because you're rubbing your eyes. 

When you rub your eyes, you're stimulating the nerves in the back of your eye that send out light signals to your brain.  Your brain interprets the light signals and interprets them as images.
A "hostile witness" is a person who is hostile to the defendant. 

A "witness" is someone who has been called to testify in a court of law, but is not allowed to be cross-examined by the defendant's attorney.

An "unfavourable witness" means that they are not permitted to be asked questions during cross-examination.  They are presumed to be hostile, and the judge can declare them hostile.
Banks don't need to be open at 5 when most people are just getting off of work.

They need to stay open because they need to keep their doors open to make sure they have enough money to pay their bills.
Conventional firearms would be ridiculously useful or useless in outer space.

First of all, a space gun is a rocket, not a conventional firearm. 

Second, a rocket is propelled by thrust, not kinetic energy, so it wouldn't be able to fire a conventional gun. 


Third, it would be extremely difficult to launch a conventional weapon into space.  It would have to be launched by a rocket that was powerful enough to overcome the gravity of the earth's gravity, and it would need to be fired by a gun that was designed to fire projectiles at high velocity.
If you were to see the molecular structure of solid matter around you, what elements would be the most frequently seen?

Most of the time, it would be molecules. 

The most common ones are:

1. Oxygen

2. Carbon

3. Nitrogen

4. Hydrogen
5. Potassium

6. Uranium

7. Lead
The National Guard is the military reserve of the state.  It is a part of the federal government.  The federal government can use the National Guard in times of national emergency, but the state governors can use it as a state reserve.  

The role of the national guard is to provide security for the state, as well as to provide law enforcement and public safety.  In the case of a civil disturbance, it can be used to maintain law and order in the event of civil unrest.
There is a market for it, but it's not as big as it used to be. 

There are a few reasons.

1. The FDA has strict rules about the amount of calories that can be added to foods.  
2. There are a lot of things that are regulated by the FDA, and they don't want you to eat too much of them.
The difference between the two reactions is that they are nucleophilic and bi-molecular.

SN1 is a type of reaction that occurs when two molecules are attached to each other. 

In this case, one molecule binds to the other, and the other molecule attaches to the first, and vice versa. 


In the case of SN1, the first molecule binds the second, and so the second molecule binds both, and then the two molecules attach to eachother, and they start to form a chain, which is what makes the reaction happen.



SN2 is
Lethal injection is a combination of paralytic drugs that paralyze the brain. 

A bullet to the brain causes a lot of damage to the surrounding tissue, which is why it is considered less humane.

The paralytic drug pentobarbital paralyzes the diaphragm, which causes the heart to stop beating.  This causes the person to go into cardiac arrest, which can lead to death.
A dipole antenna is an antenna that radiates the same amount of energy in all directions.

An omnidirectional antenna radiates equal energy in the same direction. 

A monopole antenna, on the other hand, radiates more energy in one direction than the other.
It's because they're trying to get you to spend more time on the page. 

If you have a lot of time on a page, it's easier for them to put an ad in every nook and cranny that isn't occupied.
The telecom lobby is much more powerful than the tech lobby. They have more money, more influence, and they have a lot more influence in Congress.
I think it has to do with cultural norms. 

In the US, the word "nigger" is used to refer to someone who is black, and it is considered to be derogatory.  It is not used in the UK, where the word is used as a pejorative.
Deaf people don't learn to communicate with other people through speech, they learn through sign language. 

Deaf-deaf-mute people are born deaf, they don't have a cochlear implant, so they can't hear the sounds that other people hear. They have to learn sign language to communicate.
Your eyes have different types of eyeshine. 

Your eyes are made up of a layer of pigments called the tapetum lucidum.  These pigments absorb light and reflect it back to your brain.  The pigment in your eyes is called melanin.  Melanin is the pigment that makes up the color of your eyes.  When you have a blue eye, you have more melanin in your eye than you do in your green eye.  This means that the pigment in the blue eye absorbs more light and reflects it back into your brain, but not in the green eye
The Constitution says that the President must be a "natural born citizen" of the United States.

Cruz was born in Canada to a U.S. citizen and his mother was an American citizen.
It's a combination of things. 

1. The size of the hardware.

2. The amount of space it takes to make a single piece of hardware

3. The weight of the components

4. The fact that the hardware is smaller

5. The ability of the CPU and RAM to handle the extra weight

6. The smaller the hardware, the easier it is for the CPU to handle.
It's not that most of these questions could be answered with a quick google search, it's that they're not that easy to answer. 

If you want to know the answer to a question, you have to spend a lot of time looking for it.
Cauterization is the process of heating a wound or blood vessel to extreme temperatures to stop bleeding. 

When you open up a wound, the blood vessels are exposed to the elements, and the heat causes them to coagulate, which causes the blood to pool in the wound. This causes the wound to become hotter and hotter, causing it to become more susceptible to infection.

Cauterizing the wound causes the coagulation of the blood, which is what causes the bleeding to stop.
Your arm and other parts of your body twitch incessantly at random times?
The Wildcat is a formation that was used in the early days of American football.  It was a way for the quarterback to take the snap and run the ball down the field.  

It was illegal in the NFL until the late 1990s, when the NFL changed the rules to make it legal.  The original rule was that the quarterback had to be in position to take a handoff.  This meant that the offensive line had to line up on one side of the field and the defensive line on the other.

The wildcat is still used in college football, but it's not
There are a lot of different ways to make electronic music. 

One of the most common ways is to use a tape recorder.  You can record the notes you want to play on a tape and then play them back.  This is called sampling.

Another way is to take a piece of tape and play it over and over again until you get the desired sound.  If you have a recording of a song, you can play it back and over until it sounds right.  The tape is then played back over the tape, and you can change the pitch of the notes.
They do a lot of things like:

1. Set up the server, make sure it's up and running properly

2. Check for any errors

3. Make sure the network is secure

4. Check the hardware

5. Reset the hard drive

6. Check to see if there are any problems

7. If there are problems, they will reboot the server

8. If they find a problem, they'll reboot it

9. If the server is not working properly, they can reboot it.

10. If it's not working
A DJ is the person in charge of making the music. 

They use a DJ set as a platform on which to perform.  They can choose from a list of songs and play them live, or they can play them off of the DJ set.  The DJ is also the person who announces the set, and makes sure the audience knows what to expect from the DJ.

A DJ's job is to keep track of how many people are in the audience and how many of them are dancing.  This is done by using a camera and camera operator to take live video feeds of the dancing crowd
Stalin was the leader of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union from 1922 until his death in 1953.

He was a member of the Bolshevik party, which is the party that led the Russian Revolution in 1917. 

Stalin's rise to power came after the death of Vladimir Lenin, who was the founder of the Bolsheviks.  The Bolsheviks were the ruling party of Russia at the time, and they were led by Lenin.  They were the leaders of the revolution because they were the most powerful party in the world.  Lenin was killed in the October Revolution, and after his death, the
The side button is a magnet.  The pen has a coil of metal that vibrates when you press it.  When you press the button, it sends a signal to the computer that tells it where the pen is.

The computer then uses that signal to tell the pen where it is.
I think it has to do with the size of the plug. 

A 3 prong plug is a lot smaller than a 2 prong one, so it's easier to fit into a 2-prong socket.
It's because the pipes in commercial buildings are much larger than they are in residential buildings. 

The pipes are very long, and the water pressure is very high.

When you flush the toilet, the water level in the pipes is higher than the pressure in the air, so the water is coming out of the pipes at a higher pressure than the air inside the building. This causes the pipes to vibrate, which causes the air pressure to drop, which makes the toilet sound louder.
Sound doesn't travel in space, it travels through the air. 

If there is some sort of invisible barrier around the earth where the atmosphere turns into space that sound can't travel through? If so, what happens to sound when it reaches that barrier? Does it bounce off?
It's called photic sneezing. It's caused by the fact that your eyes are sensitive to light. When you look up at the sun, the light causes your eyes to water, which causes your nose to dry out. This causes you to sneeze.
Lethal injection is a more humane method of execution because it involves paralyzing the body with a paralytic agent. 

A guillotine is a less humane method because it requires the person to be paralyzed for a long time before they can be electrocuted.

In the case of lethal injection, the drug is administered in a single large dose, which means that the person is paralyzed for an extended period of time, which is more humane.
If they sold it to the Russians or Chinese, they would have to pay a licensing fee for the rights to use the design.

If they tried to sell it to them, they'd have to give them a license to use it, and they'd be forced to pay the licensing fee.
Gfycat is a GIF format. It's a way for people to make animated GIFs. 

The words at the top of a gfycat gif are just a bunch of random words.

_URL_0_
Overtime is when you work more hours than you are legally required to work. 

If you work 40 hours a week, you are required to be paid for 40 hours of overtime.

But if you work 35 hours, you aren't required to report it.  You're not required to record it, so you don't have to pay it.
It's called "broken heart syndrome" and it's caused by a defect in your heart muscle. 

Your heart is made up of a bunch of muscle cells called mitral valves.  When you break your heart, your heart has to work harder to pump blood out of your body.  This means that your heart is not able to pump as much blood as it normally does.  Your heart is also more sensitive to stress, so when you are stressed, it will overstimulate the vagus nerve in your chest, which causes pain.

This is why some people feel the effects of a
Galileo is a new satellite that is being built by the European Union. 

GPS is a military system.  It uses GPS satellites to keep track of where you are.

The new Galileo satellite is a civilian system that is designed to be used for civilian purposes.  The main difference between the two systems is that Galileo uses a different time scale.  GPS uses the same time scale, but it uses different time scales.  This means that if you have a GPS receiver on your phone, and you want to know where you're at, you need to know the time difference between your
It's not the point of donating your hair to cancer, it's the point that cancer is a cancer. 

When you donate your hair, the cancer cells that cause the cancer are removed from your head, and your body uses the hair as a way to fight the cancer.
Juries are not the point of a judge.

A judge's job is to make sure the case is fair and impartial. 

When there's a jury, there's no reason for a judge to be on the jury.
Reddit has a system called karma.  

Karma is based on the number of upvotes and downvotes that a post gets.  The more upvotes you get, the more karma you get.  If a post is upvoted, it gets more karma, and if it gets downvoted the less karma it gets.
I think it has to do with the fact that we tend to gravitate towards the more popular things in life. 

When you're a kid, you want to be popular, so you do things that make you look cool.  When you're an adult, you don't want to do that.  You want to stay out of the spotlight.  So you do what makes you popular.

If you do something that doesn't make you popular, you feel like you're missing out on something.
The Higgs boson is a boson. 

It is a fundamental particle.  It is one of the fundamental particles in the Standard Model.  The Standard Model is a set of equations that describe how the universe works.

The Standard Model says that the universe is made up of quarks and leptons.  These are the particles that make up the universe.  They are called fermions because they are made of up and down quarks.  There are three types of lepton: up, down, and neutral.  One type of lepton is called a le
They don't make more money by charging people to stop it.  They make money by having you use the app.  If you don't use it, they don't get any more money.
The vocal cords are made up of a bunch of different things. 

The first is called the larynx.  It's a band of elastic tissue that connects the vocal cords to each other.  When you're a child, your vocal cords get longer and more flexible.  As you get older, they get stronger and more rigid.  This means that when you speak, your voice gets deeper.

When you reach puberty, your laryngeal tissue starts to atrophy, which means that the muscles in your voice box can no longer support the weight of the vocal chords.  The
A strong currency is bad because it makes it harder for other countries to trade with each other. 

When a country is selling more than it imports, the demand for its currency will tend to increase as other countries ultimately need the selling country's currency to make payments for the exports.  This means that the value of the currency will rise, which means that other countries will have to pay more for the goods that they want to buy from the country that is selling it.

This makes it more expensive for the country to sell their goods to other countries, which makes them less competitive in the international market.
I think it's due to the fact that electric toothbrushes use inductive charging. 

When you plug in your toothbrush, you're using a coil of wire that connects to the base of the brush.  When you plug it in, the coil is connected to the battery.  The coil has a certain voltage that it needs to be connected to.

The coils are connected to a transformer, which is a device that powers the brush by using electricity.  This transformer has a specific voltage that the toothbrush needs to connect to.  It's called an inductive coil, and it
When you use strong mouthwash, it's because it irritates your gums. Mouthwash is an antiseptic agent, which means that it binds to the mucosa in your mouth, which is the layer of mucous that surrounds your teeth. When it's applied to your teeth, it can irritate the gums, causing them to hurt.
Starcraft is a game where you play against other players.  

The game is played in a 3rd person perspective.  The game is set in the universe of the Star Wars universe.  It is a fantasy role-playing game.

There are a lot of different factions in the game, and they all have their own unique ways of playing the game.  For example, the Empire is the most powerful faction, but they are also the most corrupt, so they have to fight each other to the death.  There are also a bunch of different races, and each race has their own
It's not the person, it's the cell. 

When you divide a cell, the DNA in the cell is broken down into two parts. The first part of the DNA is used for replication, the second part is used to repair the DNA. When the two parts of the same DNA are broken down, the repair is done by the cell itself, and the cell then replicates the damaged DNA.

If the cell doesn't repair the damaged part, it will die. This is called apoptosis, and it's caused by DNA damage to the cell's DNA. If the cell does not
It is possible. 

The Standard Model of particle physics is based on the Standard Model, which is a set of equations that describe how the universe works.  The Standard Model states that the universe is made up of a bunch of particles called fermions and bosons.  These particles interact with each other in a way that can't be predicted by any other model.  For example, the Higgs boson is predicted to be massless, but it's not.  It's predicted to have a mass, but we don't know how it got there.  We don't even know how
Feminism is not a movement.  It is a political philosophy.  

It is a movement of people who believe that women should be equal to men, and that men should be able to do the same things as women.

There are a lot of different aspects to feminism, but the main one is that it is about equality. 
 
Feminists believe that men and women should have equal pay, equal opportunities, equal access to education, equal pay for equal work, equal rights for women, equal opportunity for men and equal opportunities for women in the workplace.  This is
It depends on a lot of things. 

1. Your brain is still developing.

Your brain has a lot to do with your sexual orientation.  It's still developing, so it's not a matter of maturity, it's a question of whether or not your brain is wired to be attracted to other people. 


2. Your body is still evolving.  If you're a 12 year old, you're not going to be sexually attracted to a 30 year old.  You're going to find 30 year olds attractive because they're older and have more experience, and because they have
You can achieve orgasm in your sleep without physical stimulation. It's called a "wet dream" or a "sex dream". It's a spontaneous ejaculation that occurs when you wake up during a lucid dream.

It's not that you can't get an orgasm while asleep, it's just that you don't wake up and realize you're having an orgasm.
When you're on a diet, your metabolism slows down. Your body is trying to get rid of excess calories, but your body doesn't have enough energy to do so. 

When you start to lose weight, your body starts to use up the excess calories it has stored in your fat cells, which is why you gain weight.

Your body has a process called the [Summer Matter Cycle](_URL_0_), which is when your body releases hormones that cause your body to produce more energy. These hormones are called leptin and adipose tissue lipolysis. When you eat too much,
Airlines don't want to lose money.  They want to keep their customers.  

They also want to make sure they have enough money to pay their overhead costs.
They use a device called an Audimeter.  It's a device that's attached to a TV that records what's being watched.  

They use this device to measure the number of people watching a given show.  They also use it to track the demographics of the people watching the show.
It's called the vagovagal reflex. 

Basically, the vagus nerve is the nerve that controls the salivary glands in your mouth.  When you are hungry, the nerve sends signals to your brain telling it that you need to contract your muscles to make saliva.  This causes the muscles to contract, which causes you to feel the urge to eat.

When this happens, your brain interprets this as a signal to your muscles telling them to make more saliva.
They don't. 

Most websites don't tell you specifically whether the username or the password is incorrect.  They tell you if it is.  If you enter the wrong password, they send you an error message.
It's not bad to have two anti-virus softwares installed, it's bad to install them all at the same time. 

If you have a virus on your computer, it can spread to other computers.  If you have two programs installed, you can't tell which one is the virus.
Tibet is a part of China.  It's been ruled by the Dalai Lama since 1959.  He is the spiritual leader of the Tibetan government.  The Dalai Lama is the son of the last Dalai Lama, who was deposed by the Chinese government in 1959.

The Dalai Lama has been living in exile in India since 1959, and has been trying to negotiate with China over the issue of Tibet's independence.  China believes that he has not given up the quest for Tibetan independence, and wants him to return to the country.
When you fast, your tongue is exposed to a lot of water, which causes it to dry out. When you eat, the water evaporates from your tongue, which makes it yellow.
I think it has to do with the way the letters are arranged in the alphabet. 

English is written in Latin, which is a Latin alphabet. The Latin alphabet is based on the Latin Vulgar Latin alphabet, which was used by the Romans and the Romans used the Latin alphabet to write their language.

The Latin alphabet has a lot of consonant sounds in it, so it's easier for the reader to distinguish between the sounds that are spoken and the ones that are written. 


The same is true for the English alphabet. It's easier to read in Latin than it is in English
The Middle East is not a free market economy. 

There is a lot of corruption and corruption in the region.  Many of these countries have been ruled by the same people for hundreds of years.  They are not free market economies.

In the case of the Middle East, there is also a huge amount of corruption.  Most of the region is ruled by a small number of people who have been in power for hundreds or thousands of years, and they do not want to be overthrown.  This is why there are so many civil wars and civil wars.  It is not easy to
We can draw straight lines, but we can't draw parallel lines.

The reason we can do this is because we can draw lines that are perpendicular to the plane, but not parallel to the center of the plane. If you draw a straight line from the center to the edge of the board, you are drawing a line that is parallel to a point at a distance, but you are not drawing a parallel line to any point at all. 

If you want to draw a line, you need to draw it at an angle to the point at which it intersects with the center, and you need
The constellations are connected because they are so far away from each other. 

Orion is the brightest star in the night sky.  It's also the brightest in the sky.
The space between our organs is filled with mucus. 

Our lungs, heart, stomach, esophagus, and stomach are filled with a mixture of mucus and water.  The air in between these organs is mostly water, but there are a few other things in there as well.

If you want to get rid of the air, you would need to fill the space with a substance that is more dense than the mucus or water.
Electronics store information in binary form.  

Think of it like this:

Imagine you have a piece of paper that says "1" or "0" as a binary value.  If you write it down, you can read it.  But if you write down "1", you can't read it, because it's not binary.  So you write "0", and then you write out "1".

Now, if you want to write "1,0" in binary, you have to write it out in binary as well.  You can do this by using
When you sleep, your body absorbs heat from the air around you. When you wake up, the air is still around you, so your body doesn't absorb as much heat.
Astrology is the study of the zodiac. 

Astrologers use the sun, moon, planets, and stars to determine who you are and what your life will be like in the future.  They use this information to create a chart of your life based on the way you were born and the way your life is going to turn out.  It's not a scientific study, it's just a way for people to get a sense of what's going on in their lives based on what they see in the sky.  If you look at your horoscope, you can see that the sun is
You are mining for bitcoins. 

Bitcoin is a decentralized currency.  It is based on a system called the blockchain.  The blockchain is a ledger of all the transactions that have ever been made on the network.  Every time a new block is added to the blockchain, it is linked to the previous block.  Each block contains a hash of a previous block, which is then broadcast to the rest of the network and verified by all the other nodes.

When you mine for bitcoins, you have to find the new block and verify that it is valid.  If you find it, you get
Mickey's eyes are attached to wires, and the wires are connected to the costume. 

When the costume is closed, the wires run through the wires to the head, and when the wires stop running, the head stops moving.
Humans don't have menstrual cycles. We have estrous cycles, which are when the ovaries start to grow and produce eggs, but we don't know when we're about to ovulate. 

Our ovaries don't shed the endometrium, which is the part of the uterine lining that contains the eggs, so we can't tell if we're ovulating or not.
"Daesh" is not a horrible insult. It's a term used to refer to the Islamic State. 

"It is for the sake of Allah" is a way of saying "Allah is the only true God."
Nociceptors are a type of nerve that innervates bone. 

When you hurt your bone, it sends a signal to the brain that tells it that you're in pain.

The brain interprets this signal as pain, and sends it to your spinal cord, which then sends it back to your brain.
They use forceps and forceps to remove the object.

Forceps are used to remove objects that are embedded in soft tissue, such as bone, cartilage, or cartilage. 

Sponges can also be used, but they are not as strong as forceps.
It depends on the type of earwax. Some people have dry, some people have wet, some have oily, and some have dry.
The UN is not a single entity, it is a collection of countries. 

The 5 permanent members are:

* The United States
* Russia
* China
* France
* United Kingdom
* Germany
* Britain
* Italy
* Spain
* India
* Pakistan
* Ukraine
* North Korea
* Venezuela
* Egypt
* Libya
* Syria
* Iran
* Iraq
* Sudan
* Yemen
* Palestine
* Afghanistan
* Lebanon
* Somalia
* Congo
* South Sudan
_URL_0_
We can see so much of the universe, but still have found no other signs of organic life. 

The reason is because we can't see all of it.  We can see the stars, but not all of the planets.
The medals will be returned to the athletes who were later disqualified.

They will be given to them by the International Olympic Committee (IOC).

The IOC can decide to re-assign the medals to other athletes who have been disqualified.
A month is the time between two successive syzygies (new moons or full moons). The precise definition varies, especially for the beginning of the month.
Pixelization works by taking a picture of a picture and comparing it to a series of images.

When you look at a picture, you are looking at the image as a grid of pixels. 

If you take a picture that has a bunch of pixels on it, you can draw a line from one side of the frame to the other.  If you draw a straight line from the bottom of the picture to the top, you will see that the line runs from the left to the right, and the line will crossfade from the top to the bottom.  This is called pixelization.
We still use steam power because it's cheaper than electricity. 

Steam power is more efficient than electricity, but it's also more expensive to run.

We're still using steam power even with our more modern technology
Because it's not a crime. 

Assisted suicide is a criminal offence.  It's a civil offense.  You're not allowed to take someone else's life without their consent.
The Federal Reserve is not the Federal Reserve, it is the central bank of the United States. 

The Fed is a separate entity from the government.  The Federal Reserve does not have the authority to set monetary policy.  It is a branch of the government that is responsible for setting monetary policy for the US.

If the government shuts down, the Fed will not be able to do its job.  If the government does not fund the Fed, it will be unable to raise interest rates.  This means that the economy will go into a recession.  There is no reason for the Fed to
Some medications have to be specifically taken at night because they affect your sleep cycle. 

For example, if you take a sleeping pill at night, your body will be more likely to wake up in the morning and start producing more of the drug.

If you take an antihistamine during the day, it will cause you to be drowsy and wake up during the night, so you will need to take it at night.
The glass bottle has a higher pressure than the plastic one, which allows more carbon dioxide to escape the bottle, which makes it taste better. 

The plastic bottle doesn't have the same pressure, so the carbon dioxide can't escape as easily.
Plessy v Ferguson was a Supreme Court case in the United States.  It was a case about a black man being denied equal treatment under the law because he was a member of the African American community.  The court ruled that he was not entitled to equal treatment because of his race.  

The case was decided by the Supreme Court, and the decision was overturned on appeal.
Greece and Spain are trying to pressure the IMF and Germany into lowering their debts when the emergency loans was all that saved them from bankruptcy?
The US has two major political parties, the Democrats and the Republicans. 

Each party has a set number of delegates, called "delegates".  These delegates are chosen by a process called the "delegate system".  The delegates are elected by the party's primary voters, and they vote for the candidate they think will best represent their party in the general election.

In order to get the most delegates, a candidate has to win a majority of the pledged delegates.  This means that the candidate with the most pledged delegates needs to win at least 50% of the popular vote.
It's not that they don't want you to watch videos on a mobile device, it's that they're not built for mobile devices. 

When you go to watch a video on YouTube, you're watching it on your computer, and the video is being played on your phone.

The video is stored on the video server, which is a web server.  The video is sent to the server via HTTP.  When the server receives a request for a video, it sends that request to the mobile web server, and then the video player on the mobile device receives that request.
It depends on the genre. 

If it's a pop song, it's okay.  If it's an R&B song, or a hip hop song, then it's not.  It's not okay to use a song that's already been covered.
The Queen is the head of state. She is the sovereign of the United Kingdom. 

As such, she is not part of the executive power of the UK government.  The Prime Minister is the Queen's personal representative.  She is also the Queen consort, which means that she is the official representative of the British people.

The Prime Minister has the power to appoint the Governor General, who is the equivalent of the President of the Council of Ministers.  This is the person who is in charge of the day-to-day running of the country.  In other words, the Prime
We don't have to wash it before we use it. 

It's just a matter of hygiene.

If it falls in a restaurant floor, it can be thrown away.
SHA-1 is a hash function. 

It works by taking a bunch of data and hashing it into a digest, which is a series of 1s and 0s.

The digest is divided into 1s, 0s, and 1s.  It's a bit like a list of numbers, but instead of numbering the numbers, it's a sequence of 1's and 0's.  The first 1 bit is the first 0, the second 1, the third 1, and the fourth 1.  If you're not careful, you'll end up with a hash of the first 1
I think it's because they were able to dominate the US market, but not the entire world. 

In the US, there are a lot of people who don't want to shop at Walmart.  They don't like the prices, they don't know what they're looking for, and they aren't willing to pay the same prices for the same products.

The same thing is true in other countries.  In the UK, for example, there is a huge gap between what people want to buy and what they can get.  The UK is a very competitive market, and there are many
I think it has to do with the fact that your skin has a layer of hairs on the back of your neck and shoulders that protect you from the cold. When a stranger touches you without warning, you get goosebumps, but when a familiar person touches you, you don't. 

_URL_0_
You can just right click on a picture and save it but when you want to save a video you have to open a separate webpage that allows you to download the video, enter in the URL and hit download.
Amendments are written by Congress, not the people.

The Constitution was written by the people, not by the government. The people wrote it, and the government wrote it. 

Congress has the power to amend the Constitution, but they have to get the votes of the states to ratify it.
It's not so much that they are doing nothing, it's that they're doing a lot of things at once. 

Road work crews have to be on the road for weeks at a time.  They have to maintain the road, they have to keep the road clear of debris, and they need to keep it clear of potholes.

They also need to be able to keep up with the maintenance of the road.  If they don't, it will look like they are constantly doing something.
Language is a way for us to communicate with each other. 

Language is not a single thing.  It is a collection of sounds that we use to communicate.  For example, if you hear a wolf howling, you can think of it as the sound of a lion howling.  If you hear the wolf howl, you know that it is a wolf, because it sounds like a wolf.  But if you listen to the wolf, you hear it as a wolf growling, and you know it's a wolf because it's howling like a lion.

If you hear
It's not that they don't speak latin, it's just that they're not fluent in it. 

There are a lot of dialects of Latin in Italy, but they're all very different, and they're very different from each other.
They use a pendulum. The pendulum is made of quartz, which vibrates at the same rate as the sun. 

When the sun rises and sets, the pendulum vibrates.

The pendulum rotates at a speed that is proportional to the speed of the sun, and when the sun sets, it spins at a different speed.  This causes the quartz to vibrate, and the light from the sun hits the quartz and causes it to glow.  The light causes the light to bounce off of the quartz, and then the light bounces back off the quartz.
I think it has to do with the fact that food allergies are more common in China than they are in the US. 

In China, there are a lot of people who are allergic to nuts, eggs, milk, peanuts, etc.

The US, on the other hand, doesn't have as many people who have those allergies.
Batteries are made up of a bunch of chemicals that react to create electricity. 

When a battery is dead, the chemicals in the electrolyte (electrolyte) start to react with each other to create an electric current.  When the battery is being "drained", the chemicals are no longer able to create enough electricity to drive the current through the battery, so they start to bounce.
A battery gauge is a device that measures the amount of current flowing through a battery.  It can be anything from a voltmeter to a battery thermometer.  

It can be used to measure the current flow through the battery, or it can be a gauge that tells you how much power is left in the battery.
When you watch it live, you're watching it at 1080p. You're not seeing it at 240p.

If you are watching it on a TV, you are seeing it in 1080p because it's a 1080p video. You are not seeing the 240p video because you're not watching it live.
The ramifications of smoking weed in legal states/cities as far as drug testing goes? (Work Related) as opposed to non legal. Marijuana is still considered a controlled substance due to it being illegal under federal law.

If you smoke weed in the workplace, you are subject to the same drug testing requirements as any other employee.
Mortgages are more common in the US than in most other countries. 

In the US, mortgages are usually not nonrecourse debt, meaning debtors are liable for any loan deficiencies after foreclosure.
The 9/10 of the cent is the difference between the price at the pump and the price on the receipt.
Mosquitoes don't transmit HIV or AIDS. 

HIV is a bacterial infection.  It is transmitted through saliva.  Mosquitoes do, however, inject their saliva into their victims, which may carry diseases such as dengue fever, yellow fever, or West Nile virus and can infect a bitten person with these diseases.
I think it has to do with the fact that banning characters in MOBA games is a way to keep the game from being too competitive. 

If you're banned from a game because you're playing a character that is considered to be a bad influence on other players, then you're not allowed to play the game.

You're not banned from playing the game because the game is too competitive, you're banning characters because they are bad influence.
It's because of a couple of things.

1. The east coast is closer to the equator than the rest of the country, which means that it gets more sun. 

2. The Atlantic Ocean is warmer than the Pacific Ocean, so there's a lot of heat energy moving from the ocean to the air. 


3. The East Coast is also closer to land than the west coast, so it gets a lot more rain during the winter, which makes it feel colder.
It's not that art gets better, it just gets more refined and refined. 

The Renaissance was a time of great change in the way we think about art.  It was the first time that we were able to understand and appreciate things in a way that we don't now.  We didn't know how to make things, and we didn't have the tools to make them.  The Renaissance was the time when we started to understand how things were made, and how things could be made better.

It was also the time of the Enlightenment, when people started to realize that art was more
The "X" stands for "kiss" and the "O" for "hug" in English.
We don't hear animals howling in pain when giving birth. We hear them howling when they are hungry, thirsty, scared, etc.
Source code is written by the programmer, and executable code is generated by the compiler.

Compiler is a piece of software that is compiled into a single file.  It's written by a bunch of people who know how to write code, and it's compiled into an executable.  When the compiler compiles the executable, it looks at the source code and tries to figure out what's going on.  If it can't figure it out, it throws an error, and if it can, it tries to fix it.  

If the compiler can't find the error, then it tries
Your car has a battery pack in the trunk. When you jump start the car, the battery is connected to the engine, and the engine starts the car.

When you drive your car around, the car's battery is being recharged.
Capitalism is not just about trade and exchange.  It is also about ownership.  

In the early days of the world, there were a lot of people who owned land.  They would rent it out to other people, and then sell it back to them for a profit.  This was known as "merchant capitalism".

Modern capitalism is a very different type of capitalism.  In modern capitalism, there are a lot more people who own land than there are businesses, so they are able to sell their land to others.  So they can sell it for more money than they can buy
Tires are made of rubber.  They are designed to last as long as possible, but they wear out over time.  When the track is wet, the treads on the tires wear out, and the rubber wears off.

Tire wear is caused by friction with the ground.  If you are driving a car on a wet track, the tires are going to wear out faster, so they need to be replaced more often.  This is why you see a lot of people wearing the same set of tires over the course of a race.
I think it has to do with cultural norms. 

Pornography in Japan is viewed as a form of entertainment, and it is considered a violation of cultural norms, so it is not allowed to be shown.
The universe is expanding and producing more and more stars and planets knowing that the Universe doesn't receive any more materials or force from outer source 

The universe isn't expanding, it's expanding due to the gravitational pull of the universe.  The expansion of space is caused by the expansion of matter.  When you think about it, the universe is not expanding because there is more space, it is expanding because matter is expanding.
It doesn't. 

Cement is made up of a bunch of tiny particles.  When the drum spins, it causes the particles to collide with each other, which causes them to deform.  This causes the cement to harden.

When the drum stops spinning, it stops the hardening process.
I think it has to do with the fact that dragons are the most common predators of snakes and other animals that were major predators of humans' primate ancestors. 

When we first started out, we were afraid of them because they were big and scary.  We didn't know how to deal with them, so we made up stories about them.
We don't. 

The problem is that we don't know where we're going to put it.

There are a lot of places in the world where we could put it, but it's not really practical.  It's not safe to put radioactive waste in the ocean.
I'm not sure what you're talking about. 

Good/neutral/chaotic is a way to categorize your character based on how they act.

Lawful good is a character who acts in accordance with the rules of the game.  If you're playing as a Paladin, you're a Paladin because you're good at killing monsters.  You're bad at killing people because you don't want to hurt them.  When you play as a Rogue, you are a Rogue because you want to kill monsters, but you're not good at doing so.  So you're lawful because you
We don't build a sense of time, we build it. 

We have a system in our brains that tells us how long it takes for things to happen, and we use it to measure the durations of those durations.

This system is called the [Metronome](_URL_0_).

It works by measuring the rate at which things move through space and time, and then using that to measure how much time has passed since the last time you looked at the clock.
Horsepower is a measure of the amount of work a horse can do in a given amount of time. 

Think of it like this:

1 horse-power is equal to 1/32.5 pounds of weight.

A horse can carry 1 pound of weight in 1 second.  If you put 1 lb of weight on the ground, it takes 1.5 seconds for it to move 1 lb.  That's 1 horse-pound of weight, or 1 horsepower.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it has something to do with the fact that the price of the game is different in the US and in the UK. 

In the US, there is no value added tax (VAT) on games sold on Steam. In the UK, they do.

So if you buy a game for 20 USD in America, and then buy it for 20 GBP in England, you're paying 20% more than if you bought it in America.
We don't slaughter animals for meat, we slaughter them for their fat. 

Cows, chickens, and pigs are bred to produce a lot of fat, so they can be kept in pens for a long time, and when they die of old age, we can sell the fat.

Pigs, on the other hand, don't have as much fat so we don't want to kill them.
Cisgendered is a term used to describe people who identify as either male or female at birth.

Transgender is a label used to refer to people who do not identify as male/female at birth, but identify as transgender at some point in their lives.
I think it's a combination of things. 

1. Your vocal cords are connected to your vocal chords (lips, tongue, velum, glottis, etc). 
2. When you speak, you use your vocal cords to make sounds.  
3. You use your tongue to move your lips and tongue in a way that makes it sound like you're speaking.
4. You breathe in and out in a certain way, and when you exhale, your tongue makes a sound that sounds like a growl.
5. You learn how to do this.
Git is an open source version control system. 

Git works like this:

You create a repository, which is basically just a list of all the files in your code that you have created.

When you make a change to a file, you create a new file in the repository.  This file is called a branch.  You can create a branch by creating a new version of the file, or you can make changes to the file.  For example, you can add a file to the repository that says "this file is a bugfix" or "fix this bugfix
California is a very arid state. 

Cloud seeding is not the answer to your question.

California is not a desert.  It is an arid region.  There is a lot of rain in the Sierra Nevada, but it is not enough to cover the entire state of California.  If you want to make it rain, you have to go to the mountains.
Orion is a spacecraft that will be used to transport astronauts to and from the ISS.  It is designed to be reusable and reusable, and will be able to land on the moon and return to earth.

It will be the first manned mission to the moon since Apollo 11, and it will be one of the first to be used for scientific research.  

_URL_0_
When you lift weights, you are using your upper body to push the bar up and down. If you have a spotter under the bar, they can help you hold the bar in place so you don't fall over.
Winter is Coming and Winter is Coming. 

Summer is coming and Summer is coming.
I don't think it's arbitrary.  It's just a matter of how long it takes for the light to change from red to green.
They want to establish their own cultural identity. 

They don't want to be part of any other culture, they want to create their own.
The end of the aux cable is made up of a series of wires that are connected to each other. 

When you touch the end of an aux cable with your finger, you are touching the ends of the wires.  The end of a speaker is connected to a coil of copper wire that is very thin.  When you touch it with your fingers, you're touching the copper wire with a metal wire.  This metal wire has a very small amount of capacitance, which is the amount of electricity that can flow through it.  If you touch your finger to the metal wire, you will feel
It depends on the type of job. Salaried workers are generally paid on a per-hour basis, whereas hourly workers are paid according to how much they produce or sell.

For example, if you are a salesperson, you get paid based on how much you sell. 

If you are an administrative or administrative worker, you are paid on an hourly basis, but if you work more than 40 hours a week, you're paid by the hour.
I think it has to do with the surface area of the sticker. Fabric has a lot more surface area for the adhesive to bond to as compared to metal.
They didn't experience it.

Nuclear weapons don't create an EMP, they create a high-energy electromagnetic pulse (HANE).

A HANE is caused by the explosion of the nuclear warhead. 

When a nuclear weapon is detonated, it creates a high energy electromagnetic pulse.  This is what we call an EMP.  The EMP is caused when the energy of the explosion interacts with the Earth's magnetic field, which causes the electromagnetic waves to bounce off of the ground and travel up into the air.  When the EMP hits the ground, it causes interference with the magnetic field
It's a symbol of unity. 

The fourth finger of the fourth finger is called the "ring finger" because it's the one that connects to the heart.  It's the place where the heart is located.  When you wear a wedding ring on your fourth finger, you're saying that you're pledging your life to each other.  This is a very important part of marriage, and it's important to be able to show your love and commitment to your partner.  If you don't wear a ring on that finger, it's a sign that you aren't committed to them.
Oxygen does a lot of things in your body.

1. It helps your cells break down glucose to make ATP, a molecule used by cells to store energy, and ATP is used to regulate intracellular ion levels. Without oxygen, cells cannot manufacture the necessary ATP to regulate ion levels and thus cannot prevent the ion levels from approaching the ion concentration of the outside world. 

2. Oxygen also helps your body break down carbon dioxide, which is a byproduct of aerobic respiration. When you're not breathing in oxygen, your body can't break down the carbon dioxide into ATP,
It's called a mirage, and it's caused by the refraction of light by the air.

When the air is very hot, it bends the light rays coming from the sun, causing them to bend in such a way that they look like a mirror.
It's not that they can't deter crime, it's that they don't want to pay for it. 

In the US, there's a law that says you can't put street cameras in bad neighborhoods unless you pay for them.
It depends on the type of invasion.

A land based invasion is when you have a large force of troops on land, and the enemy has a small force on the sea. 

Naval invasions are when a large number of ships are in the area, and they can be used to attack the enemy forces on land. 


A naval invasion is more like a surprise attack, where the enemy is not expecting you to be there, and you have to sneak up on them and surprise them.
Your phone has a radio that connects to the network.  It's called a DECT (Digital Enhanced Cordless Telecommunications) channel.  When you send a text message, your phone uses this channel to send the message to your contacts.

When you receive a text, the phone sends it to the short message service center (SMSC).  The SMSC receives the message and sends it back to your phone.
It's not that they don't pay taxes in the UK, it's that they do not have a physical presence in the US. 

In the U.S., state and local sales taxes are levied by state governments, not at the federal level.

The UK has a different tax system.  In the US, the federal tax rate is set by the federal government, not by the states.  This means that the UK doesn't have to collect sales tax on Amazon's UK sales.  It's not like they have to pay tax on all of their UK sales, they just have to
There are a lot of banks in the world. 

In the early 1900s, there were a lot more banks than there are now.

The US was a very large country with a large number of banks.  In the late 1800s and early 1900's, the Federal Reserve was formed, and it was decided that there would be a limit to how many banks there could be.  The Federal Reserve set that limit at $100 billion.  This was a huge amount of money at the time, and the Fed decided that it would be better to have a limit of $50 billion.
It's not legal for a police department to deny press access to an entire town, like Ferguson, but it is legal for police to stop someone recording at all?
Mars has a thin atmosphere, which means it absorbs less of the sun's energy than Earth does. 

Also, it has a strong magnetic field, which makes it less vulnerable to radiation.

If you want to live on Mars, you need to be able to survive the radiation.
In the "cold" vacuum of space, how is the heat conducted away from an object or person without a substrate to accept the energy?
I think it's a cultural thing. 

When you drink from a cup, you're using your little finger to hold the cup up to your lips.  It's the same reason you point your thumb out when holding a glass of water.
DNA is a very long chain of nucleic acids. 

When you store electronic data in DNA, you are storing it in the form of a sequence of DNA bases.  These bases are the same as the ones that make up your computer's code.  If you want to store a lot of data, you need to be able to sequence the DNA in such a way that it can be used as a template for creating new DNA sequences.  This is done by using DNA polymerase, which is an enzyme that breaks down the DNA and turns it into RNA.  The RNA can then be used to
They didn't use mechanical timepieces, they used pendulums. 

The pendulum clock was the world's most precise timekeeper, and the limit to timekeeping accuracy was due to thermal variations in length of the pendulum, which meant that they could never be accurate enough at sea.
I think it's because it's a defense mechanism. 

When you're doing something like massaging someone's back, you're trying to get them to open their eyes so you can look into their eyes. When they do this, you can't see them, so you have to keep your eyes closed.
Bacteria in your bogeys grow in your mouth, and when you pick them up, you're pulling them out of your mouth. 

Your nose is filled with a layer of mucus called the stratum corneum, which is the outer layer of your nose. When you pick up a bogey, you are pulling it out of there, but it's still there, so it feels squishy.
When you turn the kettles on, the water in the kettle boils. 

When the water boils, some of the water condenses and gets trapped in a horizontal section of the pipe, which causes it to vibrate or oscillate against the nozzle, producing sound.
Fluoride is a naturally occurring element in water. It's not a bad thing to have it in your water, it's just that it can cause tooth enamel to pitting, which is bad for your teeth.
I think it has to do with the way the ball bounces.

Hard courts are generally considered to be the best surface for an offensive baseliner who often hit higher risk shots. This means that the ball has a higher bounce, which allows them to hit the ball harder. 

On the other hand, soft courts have a lower bounce, meaning the ball is easier to hit. This makes it easier for baseliners to use their forehands and backhands, which is why they are the best players on hard courts.
I'm not sure what you mean by "single-celled organisms", but I think you're referring to the symbiotic relationship between bacteria and archaea.

Bacteria and Archaea have a lot of the same genes, but their DNA is different, and they have different types of mitochondria and chloroplasts. 

When they came into contact with each other, they were able to share their DNA, and this allowed them to evolve into eukaryotes, which are the majority of life today.
When you drink alcohol, your body begins to process and eliminate the alcohol from your blood. 

When you are drunk, your blood is full of alcohol, and your body doesn't have time to process the alcohol.

Your eyes are also full of mucous membranes, which contain a lot of water.  When you drink too much alcohol, the water in your eyes starts to dry out, which causes your eyes to turn red.  This is called a [Ciliary Flush](_URL_0_).
It's not even remotely sanitary to wash dishes over and over with the same sponge for sometimes months on end without replacing it.
The POTUS has the power to order ISPs to block certain content. 

The FCC has the authority to block content that is deemed to be illegal, but they can't do so without a court order.
I think it has to do with the fact that they are speaking in Japanese, not English. 

Anime is a very simplified language, so the actors have to speak in a way that is easy to understand, but hard to understand in English.

Also, there are a lot of words that are spoken in Japanese that are not spoken in English, so they have to be translated into English.
E Ink screens are made up of a thin film that is coated with a thin layer of ink.  The ink is so thin that it can't be seen by the human eye, but it's invisible to the human brain.  When you touch the screen with your finger, you're touching the film, and the light from the screen hits the ink and causes it to turn on and off.  This causes the screen to display the image on the screen.  

The screen is made of a material called [E Ink](_URL_0_).  It's a thin plastic film that's
I'm not a financial expert, but I can give you a basic idea of how to invest in the stock market. 

First, let's say you have $100,000 and you want to invest it in a company that makes a lot of money.

Let's say the company makes a bunch of money, and they want to sell it to you for $10,000, but they don't know how much money they're going to make, so they make a bet that they'll make a lot more money than they do. They'll sell the stock to you, and you'll get
The "southern strategy" was a Republican strategy to win conservative Southerners away from the Democrats and into the Republican Party (see Southern strategy and silent majority).
The movie is about a man who is captured by the government and sent to prison.  He is a birdman.  The government sends him to prison because he is a bad guy.

When he gets out of prison, he decides that he wants to be free, so he goes to the local zoo and tries to find his friend Big Bird.  When he finds Big Bird, he tells him that he loves him and wants him back.  Big Bird says that he doesn't want to go back to prison, but that he will help him if he can.  

So he goes back to the zoo and tells Big Bird that he is going to help him,
PTSD is a mental illness caused by a traumatic event. 

It's caused by damage to the amygdala, which is the part of the brain responsible for processing emotions and memories.

When you are traumatized, your amygdala is activated, which means that your brain is telling your brain that something bad is going to happen to you, and that you need to deal with it.  This is called the "fight or flight" response.  When you are stressed, your brain tells your amygdala that something is happening, and it tells your brain to fight or flight.  If you don't fight
Western America has a lot of mountains, so it's not as dry as it used to be.  

The reason it's so dry is because of the fact that the land is so high up.  It's not that it's dry, it's just that there's not enough water to go around.
A strong acid has a higher affinity for protons than a weak acid, which means that it has a stronger tendency to accept protons, which makes it more corrosive. 

A weak acid has less affinity than a strong acid, so it has less tendency to donate protons.
The skin on your face is different than on your hands. It has a different texture, it has different oils, and it is more sensitive to the sun.
Executive orders are written by the President, not Congress. 

Congress has the power to pass laws, but the President has the authority to make executive orders.
I'm not sure what's stopping us from reforming our (USA's) political issues?
It's called tribonucleation.

Basically, when the synovial fluid (the fluid that surrounds the joint) is squeezed out of the joint, it forms a bubble. This bubble expands, and when it expands, it creates a vacuum. This vacuum causes the fluid to condense, which is what makes the sound you hear.
The threat of pathogens thawing out of permafrosts and infecting the human race or other species?

Bacteria can survive in permafrost for thousands of years. 

The problem is that the bacteria can survive for a long time, and they can't be killed by the cold.

If the bacteria were to survive long enough, they would be able to spread to humans.  The problem is, the bacteria are very hard to kill, so they don't have much of a chance of being killed by humans.
When you pour beer, you are mixing it with water and carbon dioxide. When you pour it, the carbon dioxide is dissolved in the water, and the bubbles are formed.

When you fill a bottle with water, you're mixing the water with carbon dioxide, which is dissolved by the carbonation of the beer, and then you pour the beer into the bottle. The carbon dioxide stays in the bottle for a while, and when it's time to fill it back up, it starts to form a foam.
I think it has to do with the fact that the police are seen as the enemy of the people. 

In the US, they are viewed as the "bad guys" because they are the ones who enforce the laws and enforce them.  In Australia, it's the other way around.  The police are perceived as the bad guys because they enforce the law and enforce it.
The difference between Intel's quad-core and i3/i5/i7 processors is the TDP. 

A quad core processor has a higher TDP than a single core processor, which means that it uses more power.

The TDP is a measure of how much power you need to run a processor. 


A single core has a lower TDP, meaning that it needs less power to do the same amount of work as a single-core processor, but it has more power to heat up and cool down.
Nuclear weapons are used to deter the use of nuclear weapons by other countries. 

If the West were to use nuclear weapons against the USSR, the USSR would retaliate with nuclear weapons.

Russia and the US are both nuclear powers, and they both have nuclear weapons, so if the USSR used their own nukes against the West, the West would respond with nukes.
It's not that women aren't interested in technology, it's that they don't have the socialization to be interested in it.

There are a lot of factors at play here, but I think the biggest one is that men are more likely to have been exposed to technology as a child, so they have a better idea of how it works and how to use it. 

Also, there is a stereotype that women are less interested in computers than men, which is not true.
They're trying to get you to ask a question. 

It's a social thing.  If you don't know the answer to a question, they'll try to bait you into asking it.
GJ Wentworth is a privately held company. 

They are a company that makes a lot of money by selling software to other companies.  They do this by selling the software to companies that want to use it, and then they sell it to the companies that need it.  The software is used by companies that are looking for a way to sell their software.  For example, if you want to sell your software to a company in China, you have to go to China.  You have to get a contract with the Chinese company that wants to use your software, and they have to pay you
Hair is constantly growing, but it's not constantly growing.  It's constantly shedding.  

If you're constantly growing your hair will eventually fall out of your head.  If it's constantly falling out, it's going to fall out.  You need layers to keep it from falling out.
We're not going through an interglacial period as it has in the past.

We're going through a period of warming. 

The last ice age was about 10,000 years ago, and it was the warmest period on record.
Because Alberta does not pay PST. 

The federal government does not impose a sales tax on goods and services in Canada.  It is a federal matter.  The federal government has the authority to do so.  Alberta is not a member of the federal government, so they do not have the power to impose a tax.
When you're having fun, your brain has a lot more time to process what's going on around you, so it's more efficient at processing information.

When you are not having fun your brain is not as efficient, so your perception of time passes slower.
A telescope is an optical instrument that uses mirrors to collect and focus light.

A microscope is a microscope that uses a lens to collect light and focus it.
It's not really a loss, it's a loss in cash flow. 

The problem is that Sony has a lot of debt.  They have to pay off a bunch of debt that they owe to people who bought shares in the company, and then they have to write down the value of those shares.  This means that the company has to pay back all of the money that they borrowed.

It's also worth noting that Sony is a very large company, so it's not like they're sitting on $2.5 billion in cash.  It's more like $1.2 billion
I think it has to do with the angle of the camera.  

Modern cameras have a wider field of view than cameras used in the past, which allows for better resolution and compression of the breast as in x-ray mammography (which improves detection of smaller lesions).
Because sign language is a very difficult language to learn. It requires a lot of practice, and it's not something that can be taught in a video game.
Populism is the belief that the government is out of touch with the needs of the people. 

In the US, it is a term used to refer to any politician who promises to do things for the people, but does not actually do them.

For example, Bernie Sanders was a populist candidate for President of the United States.  He promised to cut taxes and raise the minimum wage, but he didn't actually do any of those things.  Instead, he promised to raise taxes on the rich and give them more money.  This was seen as a way for him to appeal to the
No. 

Our ears are not tuned to certain pitches.  They are tuned to different frequencies.  Our brains are wired to detect different frequencies of sound.  We can't hear the difference between different frequencies, but we can hear the differences between different pitches.

The difference between the frequencies we can detect is called frequency resolution.  It's a measure of how well our brains are able to detect certain frequencies, and how well we can distinguish between them.  For example, when you hear a high pitched note, your brain can tell if it's a high or a low pitched note.
A photosystem is a group of molecules that absorb light and convert it into energy and electrons. 

They are called photosystems because they are made up of a bunch of different molecules.

One of them is called [Chlorophyll](_URL_0_). It is a type of protein that absorbs light and converts it to energy. 


The other is [Plastocyanin]( _URL_1_) which absorbs light, converts it into ATP (the energy molecule) and then uses that energy to turn it into glucose (the sugar molecule).

The
It doesn't really matter what order you pay in.

It's just a convenience thing.  If you pay with a dollar bill, the machine will be able to count the amount of money you've put in, but if you put in coins, it won't. 

If you put coins in first, it will take longer for the machine to count them, so it's better to have them count them first.
It depends on the tax laws. 

If you are a corporation, you are taxed at the corporate tax rate, which is lower than the individual tax rate.

But if you are an individual, you pay tax at the individual rate, and then you pay taxes on the corporation's earnings.  So you have to reinvest the retained earnings back into the company.  You can do this by buying back shares of the company's stock, which are taxed as ordinary income, or you can do it by selling the stock.  If you sell the stock, you can use the money to pay tax on
I think it has to do with the fact that sad movies are often told from the perspective of the characters. 

When you watch a sad movie, you can't help but feel like the characters are going through a lot of pain and suffering, and you can relate to them in a way that you don't feel for other people.
You would have to breathe if you had a very constant supply of liquid oxygen. 

Your body needs oxygen to keep you alive.

If you didn't have liquid oxygen, you would die.
We let the food cool down to room temperature before putting it in the freezer or refrigerator.

The reason we do this is because we want the food to be able to absorb more heat from the air around it. 

When you put food in the fridge or freezer, the air in the room is colder than the air surrounding it, so the food can absorb more of the energy from the cold air.
It's called [Uncombable hair syndrome](_URL_0_). It's caused by mutations in one of three possible genes, PADI3, TGM, or TCHH3.

TGM is a recessive gene that causes the hair to grow out of control. It's usually caused by a mutation in the gene that controls the length of the hair follicle. TGM is the one that causes it to grow long, and it can be caused by any of the other two genes.
Because the screen is less than 10 cm away. 

Your eyes need to be able to focus on the object in front of them, not the screen.
Paper bags are made of kraft paper, which is a very strong material. 

Plastic bags, on the other hand, are made out of polypropylene.

Polypropylene is a plastic that is very strong, but it's not as strong as paper.
Some water freezes because it has a higher freezing point than other water. 

Snow is made of water that has a lower freezing point.
I think it has to do with a lot of things. 

1. They are ignorant.

2. They don't know what they are talking about. 


3. They think they are being ignorant because they don't want to be seen as ignorant.  They are not.
I think it's because the water is hotter than the nerve endings in the area. 

When you get stung by a bee, the pain receptors in your skin are activated by the heat of the water.  When the water dries out the skin, it's not as sensitive to the heat as it was before.
I think it has to do with the fact that the Cold War ended with the end of the cold war. 

Russia and the U.S. had a lot more nuclear weapons than other countries, so they were able to stockpile a lot of them.

The reason they did this is because they were the only ones capable of using nuclear weapons in a nuclear war, and they had the most money to do so.
Explosive charges are designed to explode simultaneously. 

When you detonate an explosive charge, the shock wave that travels through the charge is caused by the compression of the air around the charge.  The shock wave travels at the same speed as the charge itself, but it travels in a different direction.  This causes the charge to detonate at different points in the charge, so that the shock waves are spread out in different directions.

If you explode one charge at a time, it will cause the shockwave to propagate through the entire charge, which will cause it to explode at different locations.
I think it has to do with the way the microphones are set up and how they're set up.

When you're recording a studio version of a song, it's recorded on a single microphone, and the microphone is set up in a way that allows you to record the entire band at the same time. When you're performing live, you're using a variety of microphones, and you're mixing them all together. 

This means that there's a lot of mixing to do, and it takes a lot more time and effort than if you were recording a single recording of the band at a time
We can make laws against smoking, but not other personal choices (vaccines, soda, etc.)
It depends on the domain registrar.  

Domain registrars register the domain name.  The registrar will tell you who owns the domain, but they don't always tell you exactly who owns it.

The registrar tells you who "owns" the domain.  They tell you the name of the registrar, and they tell you how much it costs to register it.  For example, if you want to register a domain name, you have to pay a fee to the registry.  If you don't want to pay the fee, you can register it yourself.
It doesn't actually do anything. It's just a way for your brain to signal to your muscles that you need to do something.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm guessing it has to do with the fact that when you pay for a service with a credit card, the credit card company has to confirm that the tip is included in the bill before it's processed. 

If you pay with a debit card, you're paying for the service with your credit card.  If you don't tip, then the card company doesn't want to charge you for the tip, so they put a hold on your card until the bill is processed.
It's because the net is made out of thin wire, and the rope is long enough that if you grab it, you'll be able to hold on to it for a long time. 

It's also because it's a very strong rope, and if you let go of it, it will break.
SoureForge is a company that makes a type of metal that can be used to make weapons.  They sell it to other companies, but they don't make enough money to pay their bills.

The problem is that they are not making enough money, so they can't pay their debts.  So they have to go into administration.
The United States Constitution was written by the people of the United States, and was ratified by the states.  It was written in the form of a document called the Federalist Papers, which were written by a group of people who were delegates to the Convention of 1776.  

The Federalists wanted to write a constitution that would give the federal government more power than the states, so they wrote the Declaration of Rights, which was the basis of the Constitution. 
 
The Constitution was not written in a vacuum, and it was written with the consent of the states and the people.  The
They don't have to wipe their butts because they don't need to. 

Humans do.
It's not that they don't want you to see the lyrics, it's that they want to make sure that you don't play the song without permission from the copyright holder.
New consoles are not backwards compatible. 

They are backwards compatible with games that have already been released on other consoles.

The reason they aren't backwards compatible is because they are not as popular as they were when they were first released.
When it's 60 outside, the air inside your house is warmer than the air outside. 

Your body is constantly radiating heat.  When it's above 60, your body is losing heat to the air around you.  Your body doesn't want to lose that heat, so it wants to keep it at a constant temperature.  This is why you feel cold when the thermostat is set at 60.
Microsoft has made a lot of money off of their operating system, but they haven't been able to make a search engine or browser that is as successful as Google.

Google has a lot more money than Microsoft, so they can afford to spend more money on their search engine and browser.
I think it's because you're waking up from a dream right before "the good part"
When you turn off the tube TV's flash because the cathode ray tube has a small amount of electricity stored in it. When you turn the TV off, the electricity in the tube is dissipated, but it's not completely gone. It's stored in the capacitors on the bottom of the tube.
Capitalism is a system of private property.  

The idea is that you can do whatever you want as long as you have the means to do it.  This means that you don't have to worry about competition, and you can make as much money as you want.  It's a good system, but it's also a bad system.

There are a lot of people who are against capitalism because they feel that it's not fair.  They feel that there are too many people out there who don't get the same benefits as they do, and that they don't deserve the same
It depends on what you mean by "vacuum".

The vacuum of space is not a vacuum, it's a vacuum of gravity. 

Your body can survive for a short period of time in the vacuum, but it will eventually die.

If you are exposed to the vacuum for a long time, your body will start to break down and die. Your body will be unable to produce enough oxygen to keep you alive, so you will die of hypoxia, which is when your body stops producing oxygen and starts to die.
It's called tinnitus. 

Tinnitus is caused by damage to the nerves in your ear.  When you hear a loud noise, your brain sends a signal to your ear to tell your ear that there is a sound, and your ear interprets it as a ringing sound.  Your brain interprets the sound as a low pitch ringing, and interprets that as a high pitch ringing.
The chances of you seeing the colonization of other planets in your lifetime? (asked by a fourteen year old)
Alcohol is the only drink that is legal in the United States. 

It is illegal in Canada, but it is legal everywhere else.

In the UK, it is illegal to drive under the influence of alcohol.
Your body releases a hormone called Adrenaline. Adrenaline is released by the adrenal glands to begin the fight or flight response, which is a response of the sympathetic nervous system to encourage the body to react to the apparent stressor. 

When you are stressed, your body releases adrenalin, which causes your heart rate to increase and your blood pressure to rise. This increases blood pressure, which increases blood flow to your brain, which in turn increases the amount of cortisol in your blood. This causes your body to release more catecholamines, which are the hormones that make you feel good.
Viruses are not able to evolve new ways of jumping between hosts. 

They don't have the technology to do so. 

 >  They don't even know how to do it.

It's not that they can't, it's just that they don't know how.  They can't do it because they're not capable of doing it.
It's called the "play instinct". It's a survival mechanism. 

Humans have a natural instinct to laugh when we are in a situation where we don't know what's going on.  When we hear something unpleasant, we laugh out of surprise.  It's our way of saying "I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I don't want to hear about it anymore."
A master key is a set of keys that can be used to unlock all the locks in a set. 

The key itself is not special.  It's just the mechanism that makes it work.  If you have a master key, you can use it to unlock any of the other locks in the set, but you can only use the master key to open the door to your own room.

A change key is just a key that can only open one door, but it can open all the other doors.  A master key has a mechanism that allows you to use the change key to unlock
I think it's because the word is pronounced "foke-sol" instead of as it looks. 

_URL_0_
We don't fall out of our beds at night because we don't want to. 

We fall out because we're afraid of falling out of the top bunk.  If you fall out, you're going to hit your head on the side of the bed, and you're not going to be able to get back up.
It's called carotene. 

Carotene is a pigment in the feathers that protects them from the sun's UV rays.  When they are young, they are covered in a layer of fat, and as they grow, they lose this layer.  As they age, the fat is replaced by calcium, which gives them yellow color.

The color of the feathers is determined by the amount of calcium they have stored in their shells.  The more calcium a bird has stored in its shell, the more yellow color it will have.
The middle finger is the "curse" finger because it represents the testicles. 

It's also the "shameless, indecent or offensive" finger.
A reflector is a specialised surface that allows light to bounce off of it. 

Think of it like a mirror.  When light hits a glass, it bounces off of the glass.  If you look at it from a certain angle, you will see that the light bounces off the glass at a different angle than the angle it hits from the point where the light hits.

When light hits an object, it is bouncing off of that object.  This is called "diffuse reflection".

If you take a picture of a piece of glass, you can see the light bouncing off
MRSA is found in hospitals because they don't want to take antibiotics. They don't like to give antibiotics to people who don't need them, because they think it will make them sick.

MRSA can't be treated with antibiotics because they are resistant to them. They are not resistant to the drugs they are being treated with, they're resistant to all the antibiotics they are taking.
Germs eat a lot of different things. 

Bacteria, yeasts, and yeolobacteria.  Yeasts are the bacteria that make food.  They are the ones that make the food you eat.
The judge has the power to throw out any evidence that is not admissible. 

The judge can decide that the evidence is admissible, but the jury has the right to ignore it.
A homeowner association is a group of people who agree to work together to make sure that the property is maintained in a certain way. 

For example, if you live in a condominium, you have a contract with the owner of the property that says that they are going to maintain the property.  If you want to live in an apartment building, you need to agree to abide by the rules and regulations of the HOA.

If you're living in a single family home, you don't need to follow the rules of the association, but you do need to comply with their rules.
Llamas and camels are related to each other, but they are very different animals.  They are not the same species, and they are not related to humans.

The reason they are so similar is because they evolved in the same region, and because they have the same diet.  In the case of camels, their diet is similar to that of humans, so they have a lot of the same traits.  The difference is that camels have horns, and we don't have horns.
It is illegal to buy alcohol online. It is illegal for anyone under the age of 18 to purchase alcohol in the United States. 

There are laws in place to prevent underage people from buying alcohol online, but they are not enforceable by the government.
Zach Braff is a great actor, but he's not a great director. He's not funny, he's a terrible actor, and he is a terrible director.
When you're asleep, your brain is in REM sleep, which is a stage of sleep where the brain is most active. When you're awake, your body is still awake, but your brain has a lot of time to process what's going on around you, so it's hard for your brain to focus on what's happening around you.
Space is finite but boundless. 

It means that there are no points in space that are infinitely far apart.

If you want to know if space is infinite, you need to know that there is a minimum distance between any point in space and any other point.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm going to try to explain it. 

First, let's say you have $100,000 in cash and you want to invest it in stocks and bonds.

You put $10,000 into the stock market.  If the price of the stock goes up, you'll make money.  But if the price goes down, you're out of luck.  So you put the money in the bond market and bet that the price will go down, and you'll lose money.
Our taste buds tell us what we do and don't like and why is it different for everyone?
Premium fuel has a higher octane rating than unleaded fuel.  

The higher the rating, the higher the octane, the more power the engine can produce.  Higher octane means higher compression ratio, which means more power.  This is why you can't take a car with a carburetor that can take both unleaded and premium fuel at the same time.
When you put water in room temperature water, the water molecules freeze.  When you put ice in water, they freeze in the same way as when you put it in air.  The water molecules have a covalent bond with each other, and when they freeze, they form a lattice.  This lattice is what causes the ice to crack.
You don't need to have a valid passport to fly on a plane.

You need to be able to prove that you are who you say you are. 

If you don't have one, you can't get on the plane.
It's not that they didn't develop similar technology as the Europeans, it's just that they weren't able to develop it as quickly as they did in Europe. 

The Europeans were able to colonize the Americas because they had access to the resources that the Native Americans didn't have.

For example, in the Americas, there was a lot of natural resources that were not available to the native Americans, so they had to make do with what they had, and that was not as easy as they could have.
Egypt is a very Muslim nation.  It's not just a Muslim nation, it's an Arab nation.

It's also a very wealthy country.  They have a lot of money, and they have lots of influence in the region, so they don't have to worry about the consequences of their actions.
Because the wind is coming from the front of the car, not the back. 

The wind is blowing in one direction, and the car is moving in the other.

When the front window is rolled down, the air is being pushed out of the way by the wind, so the car feels like it's shaking.
It is cheaper/more efficient to use body-mapping of real actors for CGI characters like Smaug, as opposed to just using computer animation
Swine flu is caused by a mutation in the H1N1 virus. 

H1N2 is a strain of avian flu.  It is a virus that is transmitted from pigs to humans through the air.  In the case of swine flu, the virus is transmitted through the respiratory tract of pigs.  This is why it is not as deadly as it was in the past.
It's a vestigial reflex. When you get a sudden chill, your brain sends a signal to your muscles to contract, which causes your skin to tingle. 

It's called the [Pilotomotor Reflex](_URL_0_). It's the same reason you get goosebumps when you're cold.
Hot chocolate has a longer shelf life than coffee. 

Coffee stays the perfect temperature for much much longer than hot chocolate.
It depends on the type of helmet you're wearing. 

A full face helmet is designed to protect the entire head, with a rear that covers the base of the skull, and a chin strap that runs across the front of the helmet, instead of just the front.

Some bike helmets are designed to keep your head in place so that you don't hit your head on the side of the bike, and some are designed so that the chin strap is secured to the back of your head. 


There are a lot of different types of bike helmets, and they all have different functions.
Your eyes are made up of a bunch of proteins called conjunctiva.  These proteins are called sebaceous glands.  When you cry, they secrete a substance called meibum, which lubricates your eyelids and keeps them from sticking together.

When you wake up in the morning, your eyes are still full of sebum, which is the same substance that lubricates them when you cry.  This sebum is what makes them puffy and swollen.
The US flag is owned by the federal government, not the people who fly it.

It's not copyrighted, it's a symbol of the United States of America. 

If you want to fly the flag of another country, you need permission from the government to do so.
Money is a measure of value.  It's a unit of account, it's a medium of exchange, and it's used as a store of value for goods and services.
I think it has to do with the fact that it's cheaper to have an AC system than to have a gas or coal powered system. 

In the US, we don't have a lot of natural gas, so we have to rely on fossil fuels to heat our homes.

We also have a large number of people who live in cities, so it's not like you can just go to a gas station and buy a generator.
The US government borrows money to pay for its wars.  The money comes from taxes.  

In the case of Afghanistan and Iraq, the US government borrowed money from the US Treasury.  This money was used to fund the war effort.  It's not that the US doesn't have money, it's just that they don't want to tax it.
It's called a "Sell by date". 

It's the date when the product is supposed to be safe to eat.  It's not a set date, it's a set amount of time after which it's safe to consume it.  If you open a bag of chips and put them in a zip lock baggie, they'll be edible for a few days.  But if you open them a week later and they're still edible, then they're STALE.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it's because Americans are more likely to vote for the candidate of their party than any other party. 

The reason for this is because we have a system where you have to be a member of one party in order to vote.  If you're not, you can't vote for a third party candidate.
It's because the light from the outside is bouncing off of the inside of the house. 

When you open a window, you're letting in light from outside, but you're also letting in some light from inside.  When you close the window, the light is reflected back into the room.

It's kind of like a mirror.
I think it's because you're not consciously aware of what you're hearing. 

When you hear a sound, your brain interprets it as if it's coming from your ear.

Your brain then interprets the sound as a picture of you.  
 
You're not actually hearing yourself.  You're hearing the sound of the room you're in, but your brain is interpreting it as you are.
It's not that metal detectors don't set off metal detectors, it's that the metal used for medical purposes is made of a different material.

For example, screws are made of stainless steel, which is a very strong material, but it's not strong enough to be detected by metal detectors. 

Metal detectors are designed to detect things that are made out of metal, like plastic or plastic bottles, which are not made of metal.
I think it has to do with the way the word is pronounced. 

"Yooze" is pronounced differently than "Used" in English.

Yoozy means "to use" and "used" means "used".

The difference is that Yooze is pronounced with a long vowel sound, while Yost has a short vowel sound.
I think it has to do with tradition.

In the old days, men were the first to be called Jr. and women were the second. 

So, if you have a son named Jr, he is the first son of the second son, and if you are the third son, you have the second oldest son. 


But, in the early 1900s, it became more common for men to give their sons the same name as their fathers, so they started calling them Jr.
When you pop a kernel of corn, you're actually popping the husk of the kernel, which is the outer shell of the corn. 

The husk is the hard part at the center of the kernels, which contains the starch.  When the kernel is popped, the starch in the center starts to expand, and the pressure causes it to rupture, which causes the kernel to pop.
Feminists believe that men are inherently inferior to women, and that men should be able to do whatever they want.

Man's rights activists believe that women are inherently superior to men, and should be allowed to do what they want to do.
We started using a calendar with months in the middle of the first week of the year in the Roman Empire. 

In the Roman calendar, the first day of the month was 1 January, and the last day was 1 February.

The Romans used to divide the month into two parts. The first part ended with the Terminalia on the 23rd (a.k.a. the "New Year's Day", which was the end of the Roman year).

During the Roman empire, the calendar was divided into 12 months, with the first one being the first and the second being the last
The US doesn't have the technology to do it.  

There are a few reasons:

1. The US does not have the infrastructure to implement EMV.  It would require a huge amount of money to build the infrastructure, and it would be a nightmare for banks and credit card issuers to build it.

2. There are a lot of people who don't want to pay for EMV because they don't think it's a good idea.  They don't like the idea of having to pay more for a card that doesn't use a chip.  If you're
Karma whoring is a way for you to earn karma. 

Karma is a measure of how good or bad you are.  If you have a good karma, you get more karma.

If you don't have a positive karma, then you get less karma.
The price of oil is determined by supply and demand. 

Supply and demand are not the same thing.

Oil is a finite resource.  It is not finite because there is no finite supply of oil.  There is finite supply because there are finite amounts of oil in the world.  The price of the oil is a measure of how much supply there is.  If there is finite amount of oil, the price will fluctuate.
There is no law or convention that prevents a politician from just accepting a bribe and then doing nothing about it (i.e. not doing anything about it).

There is a convention that says that you can't bribe a politician to do something illegal, but it doesn't say that they have to do it immediately. 

The convention says that they can't take a bribe, but not immediately do something about it.
I think it has to do with how long it takes for the brain to learn new things. 

Animals are born with a certain set of memories.  When you see them, they are imprinted on your brain.  You can't change that.  If you don't see them for a few days, your brain will forget that they existed.
We don't know. 

We do know how to make new DNA, but we don't really know what it is that we're trying to make.

It's not that we can't, it's that we just don't have enough knowledge to make it work.
Some programs are written in such a way that they don't need to be restarted after they're installed.

For example, when you install a new program, you're installing a new version of the program, and the program has to write a new file in order for it to be installed. If you don't restart the program after it's installed, it won't be able to write the new file.
There are rainforests along Australia's east coast but not the west.

The reason for this is that Australia is part of the Gondwanan continent, which is a sub-continent of the Eurasian tectonic plate. 

When the continents were separate, there was a lot of water between them, and the rainforest is a result of that water.  The reason there are rain forests along the east coast is because of the fact that it's a drier climate.  In the west, there's more land to store water, so there's less rain to store.
The microwave has an oscillating crystal in it. 

When the crystal is heated, it vibrates at a certain frequency.  When it cools down, it stops vibrating at that frequency, but when it heats up, it starts vibrating again.  This causes the clock to gain time.
It's not a fully automated sort of thing. 

Air traffic control is not automated.  It's a very human thing.

There are a lot of things that are automated, but they're not fully automated, and there are many things that aren't.  For example, if you want to fly a plane into an airport, you have to go to the tower and ask for permission to land.  You have to ask the tower if it's safe to land, and if it says no, you need to go back to the ground.  If it says yes, you go back.
Caillou is not actually bald.  He has a patch of hair on the back of his head.  It's just a way to hide his baldness.
Your body has a circadian rhythm. It's the time when most humans and animals experience what is called a post-prandial dip or low ebb. This is when your body releases melatonin, which is a hormone that makes you feel sleepy. When you take a nap, your body is releasing melatonin which makes you tired.
I think it has something to do with gait. 

When you walk, your body has to do a lot of work to keep up with the weight of your body.  Your muscles have to work harder to maintain the same amount of weight.  If you walk faster, your muscles are able to do more work, and your body will be able to perform more work.  This is why you can run faster than you can walk.

If you walk slower, you have to do less work to maintain your weight, which means you have less energy to work with.  So, you can
It's not that they're charging more, it's that they don't want to compete with each other. 

In the US, there's a lot of competition.  If you want to sell something to someone in the UK, you have to compete for their business, and if you don't, you're not going to be able to sell it to them.
Time is an illusion. 

It's not an illusion, it's an illusion of our perception of time.

Time is a measure of how long it takes for an event to happen.  It's a measure that we use to measure the distance between events.  We use it to measure time because it's the only way we know how long something takes to happen, but we don't know how fast it's going to go.  If you look at a clock, you can see that it's moving at a certain speed, but you can't measure how fast the clock is moving.
It's not about religious freedom.  It's about the fact that the government can't force them to recognize same-sex marriage.  

If you're a Christian, you can't be forced to support same sex marriage because it's against your religious beliefs.  If you're an atheist, you're not allowed to be against gay marriage because that's against the teachings of your religion.
It's called the "stranger-on-the-train phenomenon" and it's a phenomenon that happens when you are talking to a complete stranger on the train. 

It's not that they are interested in what you're doing, it's that they want to know more about you.
It's a tradition that dates back to the 15th century, when tennis was played with a clock face. 

The clock face was used to keep track of how many points were needed to win a set.  If you won a set, the clock would move from 1 to 12, and if you lost a set it would go back to 1.

If you tied the set, then the clock moved from 12 to 15, and the score would go from 15 to 12.  This is why the score is kept by the 15.
It's always exactly 6 people in a lineup. 

If you look at the photos, you'll notice that there are a lot of people who look similar to the person in the picture.  They all have the same hair color, the same clothing, and are wearing the same or similar clothing.
Inhalants work by blocking the action of a chemical in your lungs that causes your lungs to constrict, which causes shortness of breath. 

When you take an inhalant, the drug is released into your bloodstream, which is the part of your body that controls how much oxygen you need to breathe.

If you inhale too much, it can damage your lungs and cause them to collapse, which can lead to chronic lung damage.
It doesn't. 

3D printers use photopolymers.  They use photoshop to create a model of the object they want to 3d print.  The model is then printed on a piece of paper, and the printer extrudes a layer of the material onto the paper.  This is done by applying a laser to the paper and heating it up.  When the laser hits the paper, it creates a thin layer of material, which is then placed on top of the model.  Then the printer uses the laser to create the object.  If you want to make a 3d model
They don't sell it to the museum, they sell to private collectors.  

They steal it from museums and sell it on the black market.  They don't care who buys it, they just want to make a quick buck.
I'm not an expert, but I'll try my best to explain it.

In the movie, the main character is a stockbroker, and he's trying to make a lot of money by selling stocks. 

The stock market is set up in a way that allows you to buy and sell stocks at a certain price, and then sell them at a different price.  This is called "open outcry" trading, and it's a way for people to trade in and out of stocks, but it's also a way to sell them to each other, so that they don't have to
Hydrogen fuel cells are not as clean as they seem.

They use a lot more energy than regular fuel cells, and they require more energy to run than regular cars do. 

Buses and cars are already using hydrogen fuel cells in their engines, but they don't use as much energy as a regular car.
The "47%" refers to the people who make less than $50,000 a year. 

The "rich" people fall into this category because they make more money than the "poor" people.
The first-sale doctrine applies to goods manufactured abroad with the copyright owner's permission and then imported into the US without such permission. 

If you want to sell a copy of a book in the US, you need the copyright holder's permission to do so.
Assurance, Actuarial, Tax and Consulting.  

Accounting is the business side of finance.  It's the part of finance that deals with the accounting and financial reporting of a company.

Assurance is the part that looks at the financial statements of the company and makes sure they are accurate.  If they are not accurate, they can be audited.  They are the people that look at the company's financial statements and make sure that the company is doing the right thing.  Tax is the other part of the finance department.  The tax department looks at how much money
Your major is a set of courses that you take in order to get your degree. 

For example, if you want to be a doctor, you need to take a Bachelor of Science degree in Biology.  You take a lot of courses in biology, chemistry, physics, math, and so on.  If you want a Master of Science, you have to take more courses in chemistry and physics, and you need a Master's degree in computer science.

Your minor is a course that you can take to get a Bachelor's degree, but it doesn't require you to take as many courses as
The earth is spinning. 

It's not really spinning, it's wobbling.

The rotation is caused by the rotation of the earth's inner core.  The inner core is spinning faster than the outer core, which is why it wobbles.
It's called misophonia.

When you hear a sound, your brain interprets it as a warning. 

It's a way of telling your brain that something is wrong, and it's your body's way of trying to figure out what it is.
The Taliban, ISIS and Boko Haram don't fund themselves.  They don't have any money.  

They are funded by the people who support them.  If you want to know how they fund themselves, check out their website.  It will tell you how they get their money.
If you look at a tree from a certain angle, you can calculate the distance to the top of the tree. 

If you stand at a certain distance from the tree, and look at it from a different angle, and then look at the tree from the same angle, then you can figure out how far you are from the top.

You can do this by measuring the angle between the tree and the ground, and the distance between the ground and the tree using a yardstick.
The Federal Trade Commission's job is to ensure that the competition in a given market is fair and balanced. 

If the FTC finds that a company is trying to monopolize a market, then they can sue the company for antitrust violations.

In this case, the FTC was looking for evidence that the company was trying to limit competition in that market.  The FTC is not looking for proof that they are trying to create a monopoly.  They are looking for the evidence that there is a conflict of interest between the company and the competition.  If the FTC found that there was a conflict, they could
Snapchat uses a different camera sensor than the camera app on your phone.  When you take a picture, you are using the same camera sensor as when you look in the mirror.  So when you take the photo, it's the same sensor, but you're looking at it from a different angle.  

When you look at the photo in mirror, you're using the camera sensor from the front of your phone, not from the back.  If you're taking a picture of your face, you'll see that it's not the same as if you were looking at a picture taken from the
It's not that they're lying, it's that they don't want to be sued for lying. 

They're trying to get away with it because they're making money off of it.
It's called asymptomatic transmission. 

If two people get sick at the same time with the same illness, but one of them gets better faster than the other, it's because they are both carriers of the same strain of the disease.
Mazda rotary engines work by using a peritrochoid (peritrochochoid) rotor that spins on an eccentric shaft. The rotary engine has two cylinders that are set 90 degrees from each other, and each cylinder has a cylinder block that has a piston inside it. The pistons carry rollers that follow an internal cam, causing the reciprocating motion of the pistons for compression and expansion.
Roe v Wade is still an issue. The Supreme Court has ruled that abortion is legal in the United States because it is a fundamental human right, and the right to life is not limited to the first trimester of pregnancy. 

The Supreme Court ruled that it is an unconstitutional violation of privacy to outlaw or regulate any aspect of abortion performed during the second trimester, and that government can only enact abortion regulations reasonably related to maternal health in the second and third trimesters, and can enact abortion laws protecting the life of the fetus only in the third trimester.
The Planck constant is a measure of the speed of light in a vacuum. 

It's the same as the second and metre, but it's defined in terms of a fundamental physical constant.
It depends on a number of factors. 

1. The amount of time that has passed since the last ejaculation

2. The length of time it takes for the ejaculation to return to normal.

3. How long does it take for the semen to reach the bladder

4. How much time has passed between the last time you ejaculated

5. How many times do you have to ejaculate before it becomes unhealty for you to not ejaculate?

6. How often do you need to urinate

7. Do you get erectile dysfunction
It depends on the material. Glass is transparent because it reflects a lot of light, and absorbs some of it. 

Nylon is opaque because it absorbs light.
It's not a western-culture thing, it's a cultural thing. 

Men are more likely to approach women if they are attracted to them, and women are more inclined to approach men if they're attracted to men.
Yes, they are still there.  

They are just not as well known as we think they are.

There are a lot of places on earth that we don't know about.  We know about them because we have been able to find them, but we haven't found them yet.  They are not as big as we thought they were.  There are some places that we know about, but not as much as we would like to know.  For example, there are places in the middle of the ocean that we can't find because they are under ice caps.  These places
Glove touch screens are capacitive touchscreens.  

When you touch the screen with your finger, you're touching the surface of the screen, not the capacitors.  The capacitors are very sensitive to touch.  When you put your finger on the touchscreen, they detect that your finger is touching the screen.  If you don't have gloves on, they don't detect that.
Light bulbs are made up of a bunch of tiny little wires that are connected to each other.  When you turn on a light bulb, the wires are all connected to the same source of electricity.  This means that when the light bulb is turned on, the electricity is flowing through the wires, but it takes a second or two for the electricity to reach the bulb.  

When the electricity reaches the bulb, it stops flowing, and the light goes out.  The reason it takes so long to turn on is because the light is coming from the filament, not the bulb itself.  If you
The heart can't drop back down to resting instantly. 

The heart is designed to pump blood to all parts of the body at the same time.  When it stops, it stops pumping blood to the vital organs.

When the heart stops, the blood stops being pumped to those vital organs, and it stops being able to pump it to the rest of your body.  This is called bradycardia.
It's called the "Here Comes the Fuzz" and it's a song by Morrissey. It's about a guy who has his head shaved in such a manner that the words "Here comes the Fuz" appear on his head; a shot of this begins the video.
MRSA is not a big deal. It's a problem because it's not something that can be cured with a different antibiotic. 

Antibiotics work by killing the bacteria that cause the infection, but they don't always kill all the bacteria. Some bacteria are resistant to antibiotics, and some are not.

The problem is that we don't know enough about MRSA to know how to treat it, so we can't just use a different type of antibiotic.
Yahoo's streaming service doesn't have the same quality of content as traditional TV.  

It's not that they don't have good shows, it's that they're not getting enough viewers to justify the cost of making them.
Tin foil is made of tin, which is very malleable. This means that when you chew it, you're biting into something that isn't made of the same material as you are. 

Aluminum is made out of aluminum, which means that it's very strong. It's also very corrosion resistant, meaning that it can be used as a filling for tooth cavities.

Tin, on the other hand, is made up of tin oxide, which has a very high melting point. This makes it more susceptible to rust and corrosion.
Windows updates are updates to the operating system.  They contain new features, bug fixes, security fixes, and other updates.  

Windows 7 and 8.1 are the latest versions of the OS, so they are the most frequently updated versions of Windows.

Microsoft updates the OS by bundling them into Service Packs, which are free updates that are released every few months.  The Service Packs contain updates to fix bugs, add features, and generally make the OS more stable.  These updates are distributed through the Windows Update web site, which is a free download.  You can check out the
They are trained to be able to detect when someone is having a seizure.  They are also trained to recognize the warning signs of an impending seizure and alert their handler.  

_URL_0_
The travelling salesman problem is an optimization problem. 

Let's say you want to find the shortest route between two points.  You have a list of places to go, and the cost of each place is the same.  The problem is to find a way to get from point A to point B that is the shortest.

If you have the list of locations and the price of each item, you need to decide which route to take.  If you don't know how long it will take you to get to each place, you can't find the fastest route.  So, you have to
The water resistance of a phone is determined by the amount of water it can withstand.  

For example, the iPhone 7 is IP67 water and dust resistant, although tests have resulted in malfunctions, specifically distorted speakers, after water exposure.
The trial period is for testing purposes only.

WinRAR is not intended to be used for anything more than that.  It's intended to give you a taste of the operating system.  If you don't like it after the trial period, it will be removed.
Satellites have to send a signal out into space, and the signal has to travel 22,000 miles to get back to earth. 

The satellite has to transmit the signal to the ground, and then the ground has to send the signal back to the satellite.

When the signal is sent out, it has to be received by the satellite, which is why it takes a long time for it to reach the ground.
Carbon-based life is a type of life that uses the same basic building blocks as life on Earth. 

Carbon is the most abundant element in the universe, and it is the element most likely to provide the baseseven exotic onesfor the chemical composition of life on other planets.
Shivering increases blood flow to your extremities. 

When you are cold, your body is trying to raise your body temperature to match the new set point in the hypothalamus, then shivering begins in order to use muscle movements to produce more heat.
It's a term used to refer to people who believe that they are entitled to political power because they are members of a certain social group. 

For example, if you're a black person, you're entitled to be a member of the Democratic Party because you are black.  If you're an Asian person, and you're part of the Republican Party, you have a right to be part of that party because you're Asian.

If you're white, and your family is white, but you're not part of any other group, you can be a part of a Democratic Party, because you
There are a lot of different races in the world. 

There are two main types of races: Amerindian, and European.

Amerindians are a group of people who live in the Americas. They are mostly Amerindians, but they are also mostly European. They have a large amount of genetic diversity, and they tend to be more closely related to each other than they are to other races. They also tend to have a larger number of children than other races, so they are more likely to be able to pass on their genes to their children, and their children are likely to
I live in the boondocks. 

The price of oil is determined by the price of crude oil, which is a product produced by the world's largest oil producing country, Saudi Arabia.  In the US, oil is produced by a company called Saudi Aramco, and the company is owned by Saudi Arabia's state oil company.  Saudi Arabia is the largest producer of oil in the world, so they control the prices of oil.

In the big cities, there are a lot of oil refineries and pipelines, so there is a lot more competition for the same amount of oil, and
I think it's because your brain is trying to make sense of all the information it has stored in your brain during sleep. When you sleep, your brain shuts down the part of your brain responsible for storing long-term memories (the hippocampus) so that it can focus on the short-term memory (REM sleep). When you wake up, it's still working on this part of the brain.
Lobbying is a legal activity in the United States. It is not considered bribery because it is not illegal. 

Bribery is illegal because bribery is illegal.

Lobbyying is legal because lobbying is legal.
1080p video on a 720p phone would look "better" or "same" as 720p on a 1080p phone.

1080p is a higher resolution than 720p, but 720p is lower resolution than 1080p.
The government doesn't just return your taxes, they also collect taxes from the people who pay them. 

The government collects taxes from people who work for the government, and then they use that money to pay for services that the government needs.

For example, if you work for a company, and you earn $100,000 a year, you pay taxes on that money, and the company pays taxes on the $100K you earn. 


But if you don't work, and don't pay taxes, the company doesn't have any money.  So they have to pay taxes to
Vitamin D is produced in your skin by the sun. Your skin absorbs UV light at wavelengths between 290 and 320 nanometers, where it is then converted into vitamin D3. 

Sunlight causes your body to produce vitamin D, which is why you get sunburns.
Friction is caused by the molecules of air touching each other. 

When you stick your arm out of the window, the air molecules are rubbing against your skin, and the friction causes your skin to heat up.
I think it's because you're used to waking up at the same time every day of the week.  Your alarm clock is set for 6 a.m. and your alarm clock goes off at 6:30.
I was morbidly obese for 19 years and now have a healthy, fit body. I'm not sure what effect it has on my organs today, but I do know that I have lost a lot of weight.
Microwaves don't affect the nutritional content of a food. 

They do affect the amount of vitamins and minerals in the food, but not the amount.
When to use numbers instead of words and vice-versa (5 or Five? Ten or 10?)
We need a constantly varied diet because we evolved to be able to eat a variety of foods. 

We evolved to live in a world where we had to hunt and gather food to survive.

When we first evolved, we didn't have access to a wide variety of food sources, so we ate what we could scavenge from the ground.  This meant that we ate a lot of starchy foods, which we can't eat anymore because we don't have the ability to digest them any more.
We don't know for sure, but I think it has something to do with self-replication. 

If you want to reproduce, you need to make new DNA.  If you don't want to, you can't.
Bacteria can live for a long time. 

Bacteria are very hard to kill.  They have a very long life cycle.  The longer they live, the more likely they are to reproduce and reproduce.  If you want to get rid of bacteria, you have to kill them all.  You can't just wipe them all away with a sponge, you need to kill all the bacteria that live on the surface.

The problem is that there are many types of bacteria that don't have the ability to live for long.  For example, Clostridium difficile is a
It depends on the state and the circumstances of the birth.

In the U.S. birth certificates are issued by the local registrar of birth. The birth certificate is a document that certifies that the child was born in the United States. 

If the birth was not registered with the state, the state will issue a copy of the original birth certificate to the child's birth certificate registrar, which can be used to apply for government benefits, such as Social Security cards.
Yes.

Anorexia and bulimia do exist. It's just not as well understood as it used to be. 

In the past, there was a time when it was considered normal to be thin, and it was normal to eat less than you want to eat.  In the 20th century, there were a lot of people who wanted to lose weight, but they didn't know how to do it.  So they would starve themselves to death.  They would starve to death, and then they would die of starvation.  It's not a healthy way to live.
When you write a program, you're writing instructions for the CPU to do a bunch of things. 

First, you need to tell the CPU what you want it to do.

So, if you want to do something like add a number to a string, you have to tell it what to do, and then you tell the processor to do it. 


Now, the instructions are written in binary, which means that they're written as a series of binary numbers.  So, for example, you could write 00000101, which tells the CPU that it needs to multiply a number
Spicy foods contain capsaicin. Capsaicin is a chemical that causes a burning sensation in your tongue and other sensitive areas of your body. This is why you get a runny nose, puffy eyes, etc.
We can inhale steam/vapor without drowning, but it's not easy. 

Steam is denser than air, so it's harder for your lungs to push it out of your lungs.  When you inhale it, you're using your lungs as a heat exchanger, which is why you can't inhale water.
We don't know exactly how it got here, but we do know that it came from the outer solar system. 

There are a lot of theories about how it came to be, but the best we can come up with is that it must have come from somewhere in the solar system, and we don't really know where.

Some theories are that it was brought to Earth by meteorites, but that's not really a good enough explanation.
The problem is that closed captioning is based on the audio signal being fed into a computer, which converts it into text. The computer then converts the text into audio, which is then read by a computer.

The computer then translates that text into words, which are then read back to the TV, which the TV then translates into English.



The problem with this is that the computer can't read the text as fast as it can read the audio, so the computer has to adjust the text to keep up with the speed of the audio.
We don't have fat on our heads because it's not necessary. 

Our bodies are made up of a bunch of cells called hemolymph.  When we're growing, our bodies need to store energy.  This energy is stored in fat cells, which are mostly stored in our skin.

When we're older, our body needs to store more energy in our fat cells.  Our bodies are not designed to store fat in our heads, so we have to store it elsewhere.
The smoothing effect in video and film where the movements seem almost lifelike that it's unnatural?
It's not that you don't want to have children, it's that you just don't see the point in having them. 

I'm not a childfree person, I'm just not interested in having children.
I think it's because when you rub your dog's tummy his leg goes crazy. 

_URL_0_
A wasp is a type of wasp that lives in a nest. 

They lay their eggs on the eggs of other wasps, and when they hatch, they lay their larvae inside the roach's eggs.

When the wasp larva hatches, it eats the roaches, which is why it is called a wasp.
Harder tires have more tread, which means that they have a larger surface area to work with. This means that when you hit a bump, the tire has to push against the ground, which causes it to deform. 

A softer tire has a smaller surface area, meaning that it doesn't have to push as hard, so it can't deform as much as a harder tire.

This means that it's easier for the tire to stay in contact with the ground.
The federal government does not have the authority to set the legal limit for other drugs. 

Alcohol and tobacco are Schedule IV drugs, which means that they are considered Schedule I drugs.

Marijuana is Schedule II, meaning that it is considered a Schedule I drug, meaning it is classified as a Schedule 1 drug.
Some video games load when you die/restart. 

When you die, the game saves the state of the game, which is stored on the hard drive.  When you reload it, it's stored in the same state as when you died, so it takes a while for the game to get back to that state.
It's not that there hasn't been a new god in over 2000 years, it's that there's been a lot of new gods in the last 2000 years. 

There's a lot going on in the world right now, but it's not like there's any reason for there to be one now.
A republic is a form of government where the head of state is not a monarch, but is elected by the people.

In the United States, the president is chosen by a majority of the people, and the senate is the other half of the government.
They're not conscious in the same way we view humans. 

They are conscious because they are aware of what is going on around them, but they are not conscious of the fact that they are doing it.

We are conscious of what we are doing, but we are not aware of the consequences of our actions.
Your eyes are made up of three types of photoreceptors. 

The ones that are sensitive to red, green, and blue light are called the rods and cones.  The rods are responsible for detecting red and green light, and the cones for detecting blue light.
Dogs don't get dizzy because their brains are wired differently than humans. 

Dogs have a lot of extra blood vessels in their heads that are used to balance their head, so they don't feel dizzy when they're lying down.

Also, they have extra air passages in their ears, which helps them keep their head up.
They don't know. 

They are able to tell the difference between male and female based on the color of their fur.  They can also tell by looking at their owner's face and tail.  It's not that they can't tell, it's just that they don't have the same sense of smell as humans.
It's not a conspiracy theory, it's a fact. 

It's just that it's been around for a long time, and has been used by many people who believe that the government is trying to use it to spy on them.
Insider trading is when you know that a company is going to make money, but you don't know how much money it will make. 

In the case of Fan Duel, the company was making a lot of money, so the CEO knew that they were going to be able to make a lot more money than they expected, so he was able to buy stock in the company and sell it at a higher price than he expected.
The 101st Airborne was originally the 101st Infantry Division.  It was a division of the Regular Army, but it was split into two divisions.  The 101st and the 75th were part of the 1st Cavalry Division.

The 75th Ranger was a separate unit from the regular army, but was part of a separate division.  They were both given the same number, but were assigned different regimental numbers.   The 75th Rangers were assigned the number 160th Ranger Regiment, which is the same as the 101ST Airborne.  This was because they were originally part of
It's called the [Parallax effect](_URL_0_).

Basically, when you look at a car, you're looking at it from two different angles.  Your eyes are telling your brain that the car is moving forward, and your brain is telling you that it's moving backwards.

When you're moving at high speeds, your brain tries to tell you that the wheel is moving forwards, but your brain tells you it's actually going backwards.
It's because it's easier to measure the length of the lead than the diameter of the pencil itself. 

The length of a pencil is measured in inches, not centimeters.

It's also easier to keep track of how long it takes for the lead to bend.  If you measure it in centimeters, you can tell how long the lead is going to bend, but if you measure in inches and tenths of an inch, you'll get the same result.
Your skin is made up of melanin. Melanin is a pigment that absorbs UV rays and converts them into heat. When you get sunburned, your skin produces more melanin, which is what gives you a tan.
The Supreme Court has ruled that the Fourth Amendment does not apply to wiretapping of US citizens on US soil without a warrant (known as the warrantless wiretap program).
I think it has to do with the way Congress is structured. 

In the US, the House of Representatives is divided into two houses.  The Senate is split into two.  Each house has its own floor, and each house has their own rules and procedures.  These rules are written by the members of each house, and the rules are set by the people who serve in each house.

The rules are also written in such a way that they are easy to understand and easy to follow.  For example, the rules for committees are written so that they can be easily read and understood by
The Nazis knew who was Jewish and who wasn't during the Holocaust. 

The Nazis didn't know who was a Jew, they just knew that they were Jewish.
I'm not sure how you can call a race with only 1% reporting.
The US Federal Reserve does not print enough money to cause inflation. 

If you want to make perfect copies of the US dollar bill, you need to be able to print enough to cover the cost of printing it.

The Fed does not have the resources to do that.
A conductor is a person who is in charge of directing the orchestra. 

He is a conductor because he is the one who makes sure that the orchestra is playing the music they are supposed to play.

The orchestra is composed of a bunch of instruments, and the conductor is the conductor.  He is the person who makes the music play.  The orchestra is made up of a lot of different instruments, but the conductor's job is to make sure that all the instruments are playing at the same time, and that they are playing the same way.  
 
He's also the one
Dinosaurs are not aliens, they are dinosaurs. 

We can see Dinosaurs because we can see them.  We can't see aliens because we don't know what they look like.
When you pause a video game, it stops the game from playing.

When you start it up again, the game starts up again.
It's called a cosmological redshift. 

When light travels through space, it has to change its wavelength.  It's not just the amount of energy it has, it's also the direction it is traveling at.  For example, if you look at the sky at night, you can see that the sky is getting darker and darker as the sun goes down.  This is because the light from the sun is traveling through space at a faster rate than the light coming from the earth.

The same thing happens with light.  The light from a distant galaxy is moving through space faster
It's not seamed at all. It's seamed in the middle. 

It's called a [French placket](_URL_0_) and it's made of two pieces of fabric that are seamed together.  The top of the shirt is seamed, and the bottom is sewn together.
The purpose of modern day knighthood is to give recognition to those who have distinguished themselves in the service of their country. 

In the Middle Ages, it was a way for nobles to show that they were superior to commoners, and that they had the right to do whatever they wanted.

Modern day, it's more of a way of showing that they are above commoners.
It's not really split among party lines, it's split along ideological lines.

In the US, there are two major parties: the Democratic Party and the Republican Party. The Democratic Party is the party of environmentalism, and the Republicans are the party that believes in free market economics and free trade. 

The Republican Party, on the other hand, is a party of supply-side economics, which means that they believe that government intervention in the economy is bad for the economy, and that the government should not be involved in it. 


In other words, the Republican party believes that government
Fretting is harder than picking.

When you pick, you're using your dominant hand to hold the strings. When you fret, your non-dominant hand is used to hold them.
You don't need to enter your pin number when you pay using your credit card's chip.  It's a way for the merchant to verify that you are the person who paid for the item.  

When you use your debit card, the card reader needs to be able to read the serial number of the card, which is stored in the reader.  If you don't enter your PIN, the reader can't read it.
It's not. 

It's a business.  It's a way for people to make money.  They get paid for the time and effort they put into running the school.  If they don't do it, they're out of business.
Humans have evolved to be able to feel pain. 

Our bodies are designed to be sensitive to pain, and it's part of our survival mechanism.  When we are injured, our body's defense system is activated, and our body wants to protect us from harm.  This is why we are able to experience extreme amounts of pain.
A black light is a lamp that emits ultraviolet light. 

A blacklight is a light source that emits UV-A light, which is not visible to the human eye.

The UV light is emitted through a thin layer of glass that is coated with a thin film of phosphors.  These phosphors absorb UV light and emit visible light.
It's a reflex. When you urinate, your brain sends a voluntary signal to your muscles to contract, which causes the bladder to contract. 

When you stop urinating, the muscles in your bladder relax, causing the pressure in the urethra to stop.  This causes the pressure to return to normal, and you get that "exciting" feeling.
Mathematicians don't make a lot of money. 

Most mathematicians earn their living by doing research.  They do things like:

_URL_0_

1. Calculate complex numbers

2. Write mathematical equations

3. Write algorithms

4. Solve problems

5. Write proofs

6. Write papers

7. Teach mathematics

8. Do mathematical experiments

9. Write software

10. Write computer code

11. Write a paper

12. Write an algorithm

13. Write some papers
It doesn't matter. 

The temperature of the food itself doesn't really matter.

What does matter is the temperature at which you cook your food.  The food has a lot of chemical reactions going on in it.  When you heat up the food, you are changing the chemical composition of that food, and changing the amount of water in it, which is what makes it taste good.  If you cook the food too hot, you're changing the composition of the water in the food so that it's too cold for the chemical reactions to take place.  This means that the food will
There is no such thing as a 4th primary color. 

We have three primary colors, red, green and blue.  We can't see a fourth, because we can't distinguish between them.
Communism and socialism are viewed as the opposite of capitalism. 

Capitalism is a system that is based on the free market, private property, limited government, and individualism.

Communism, on the other hand, was based on state ownership of the means of production, and the state was seen as a way to control the economy.
I'm not an expert, but I can give you a basic idea of how it works. 

A video game console is a piece of hardware that has a chip inside it called a "chip".  The chip has a set of instructions that tell it how to do things.  These instructions are stored on a disk called a cartridge.  When you play a game on a console, the chip tells it what it wants to do.  This is called the "ROM".

If you want to make a video game emulator, you have to reverse engineer the chip.  You can do this by
Qualcomm xxx (Ex. A10) is an octa-core SoC. 

Apple A10 is a octa core SoC, which means that it has 8 cores.

The A10 has more cores than any other SoC on the market, but it's not as fast as the A10.  It's more like a quad core CPU, which is more efficient than a single core CPU.
I think it's because when you talk to young children/pets, you're trying to get them to listen to your voice.  

When you're talking to a baby, you want them to be able to hear your voice, so you use a higher pitched voice to get their attention.
Microsoft is making money from Google's Android OS. 

Android is a very popular operating system.  It is very easy to use and has a lot of features that other operating systems don't have.  This means that it is very popular.

Microsoft has been trying to make money from it for a long time.  They have been trying for a while to get a foothold in the Android market, but they have not been able to do so.  The reason is because Android is very difficult to use, and it is not as easy to get people to use it.  So they have been
If you have a fever, runny nose, sneezing etc. what would the symptoms of having that virus be?
They are safer because they have more redundancy. If one of the engines fails, the other two will take over and provide enough power to keep the plane going. If the first engine fails, then the second one will fail, and the third will fail.
Tires don't recharge a battery, they recharge the air in the tires. 

Batteries are made from lithium-ion, which is a type of lithium-polymer.

Tires are made of rubber, which has a very high surface area for the electrolyte (the electrolyte that holds the lithium ions in the battery) and a very low surface area, so they don't have the surface area to store the water.
The EU doesn't want Google to be a US company, they want it to be an EU company.

Google is a subsidiary of the US, so they can't force it to break up into separate companies.
It's not easy to pass through immigration in airports with the use of fake indentity, passports, and etc. 

You have to go through customs and border control, and you have to submit to a background check.
When the A/C is on, the air in the car is being forced out of the car by the air conditioning unit. The air in your car is constantly being pushed out of your car, so if you leave the door/window open, it will push the air out.

When the air conditioner is off, it's not so much that the air is blowing out the windows, but that it's pushing the air into your car. This is why it's bad to leave the windows open during the day when it's hot, because the air inside your car will not be able to get out
It feels good because it's the opposite of what survival instincts dictates. 

When you're a child, you don't want to die.  You want to live a long, healthy, happy life.  When you have money, you want to spend it on things that make you happy, like food, shelter, clothing, etc.

But when you have a lot of money, it feels good to give it to people who need it.
Stamps are suppose to pay for the cost of delivering mail via USPS, why is the postal service operating at such high losses?
It's called orthostatic hypotension. When you're lying down, your heart rate drops and your blood pressure drops. This causes you to feel dizzy. 

When you're standing up, your body is trying to get blood back up to your brain, but it's not doing so well. Your heart rate and blood pressure are still low, so your brain can't tell if you're moving or not.
Mormons are a group of people who believe that Jesus Christ is the son of God. They believe that he was born in Africa and that he died on the cross. 

Mormons believe that they are descendants of Jesus Christ and that they have been living in the Americas for thousands of years.  They believe they are descended from the tribe of Israel, and that God has sent them to the Americas to build a city called Zion.

They believe that Joseph Smith was the prophet of the day and that the book of Mormon was written by a prophet named Joseph Smith.
Vaccines are good and encouraged because they prevent diseases from evolving to fight them. Antibiotics are bad and encourage them because they are used to treat diseases that can't be fought by vaccines.
Rabies is a very deadly disease. It is transmitted through the bite of an infected animal. 

Rabies vaccine is not 100% effective against rabies, but it is very effective at preventing it from being transmitted to humans.

If you are bitten by a rabid animal, you are more likely to die from rabies than from other diseases.
The American college education, in terms of subjects and majors/minors is divided into four main categories: Liberal Arts, Science, Math, Engineering, and Technology. 

Liberal Arts: The degree is a combination of liberal arts and sciences. It is a degree that is required to get a job, but not required to be a doctor.

Mathematics: It's a degree in math and science, but it is not required for a doctorate. 


Engineering: It is an engineering degree that requires a bachelor's degree in engineering, but is required for an associate's degree.
The changes made in the UK pensions market over the last 5 years have made it easier for people to access their pensions. 

In the past, you had to pay into a defined contribution pension scheme, which means that you have to contribute a certain amount of money every year to the scheme, and then you get a lump sum when you retire.

Now, if you want to access your pension, you need to make a contribution to the pension, and you can only do this if you're in a defined benefit pension scheme.  This means that if you don't contribute enough, you can't access
I think it has to do with how much you know about the material. 

For example, if you are studying for a math exam, you are going to have to memorize a lot of math facts.  You will also have to learn how to use the calculator, and how to keep track of how much money you have in your bank account.  This is a lot more difficult than memorizing lyrics or movie monologues.
Alcohol is not a drug, it's a beverage. 

It's not illegal to drink alcohol, but it is illegal to possess it.  It's illegal to sell it, but not to buy it.
Honey bees are a very important part of our ecosystem. They provide a lot of the food we eat, and they are a vital part of the way we live. 

Humans don't need bees to pollinate our crops, they need them to help us grow our food.  If we don't have bees, we can't grow the crops we need.
We know the universe is expanding because we can see it expanding. 

We know it's expanding because of the speed of light.

The Hubble constant is a measure of the distance between galaxies.  It's a measure that tells us how fast they are expanding, and how far away they are from us.  We know this because we've been observing galaxies for a long time, and we can tell how far they are away from us by looking at their redshifts.  The redshift of galaxies tells us that they are getting farther away from each other, and that's how we know they
Some Christians believe that the ban on homosexuality is a remnant of the Old Testament. 

Kosher foods are not part of the New Testament, but they are related to it.
When it rains it pours, it's because the water evaporates from the ground. 

When it's dry, the water stays in the air, but when it's wet, it evaporates.

The water is evaporated by the sun, and the air is filled with water vapor, which is the same thing that makes it rain.
The water pressure at the bottom of the Marianis Trench is 1,086 bars (15,750psi), more than 1,000 times the standard atmospheric pressure at sea level. 

If you were to detonate a nuclear bomb in the middle of the trench, the water pressure would cause it to explode.
Batteries are made of lithium ion cells. 

When you use a battery, you're using it to store energy.  When you discharge it, it's using up the energy that's stored in the battery.  This energy is used to power your computer or other devices.  If you don't use the battery enough, it will start to wear down.

The longer you use it, the less energy it can store, and the longer it takes for the energy to be used up.  The more you use them, the longer they will last.
They don't. 

They use a chemical called "Round Up" which is used to break down the roots of the weed.

It's a chemical that breaks down the trichomes that make up the plant's leaves.  These are the things that hold the plant together.  They are the ones that make the weed grow.
It depends on what you mean by "ecosystem".

An ecosystem is a community of living organisms in conjunction with the nonliving components of their environment, interacting as a system.

For example, if you look at the ocean, there are a lot of different types of bacteria that live in the water. 

These bacteria are called abiotic organisms, and they are a part of the ecosystem as well as the other living organisms.  They are all dependent on each other for food and energy, but they are also dependent on the other organisms in the ecosystem for energy as well.  The
It's caused by a mutation in the gene that codes for a protein called C-JAKJ. It is a rare, hereditary recessive autosomal recessive disease, in general, diagnosed during childhood. 

It can be caused by any number of things, but it is most commonly caused by mutations in a gene called [C-JAP](_URL_0_).

If you have a mutation, it can cause a number of symptoms, but the most common ones are:

1. Increased blood pressure

2. Increased heart rate

3. Decreased heart rate
Pi is an irrational number, meaning that it has no pattern.

Pi is a measure of the area of the circle. It is the ratio of the circumference of the quarter circle to the area the square of the square. 

We know that pi is irrational because we can calculate its value to 11 decimal places, which is the most accurate approximation we can get to pi. 


We also know that there is an infinite number of digits in pi, but we don't know how many of them there are.
We can, but it's expensive and takes a lot of energy to do so. 

We can purify ocean water by evaporating it, but we don't want to do that because it's a waste of energy.
Laptops are getting cheaper and cheaper. 

The problem is that they're not getting any better.

They're getting cheaper because they're getting thinner and thinner, but they're still getting worse and worse.
We will evolve over time.  

We will adapt to the changes in our environment.  We will change how we live, how we interact with our environment, and we will adapt how we think and act.  If we don't adapt, then we will die out.  That's how evolution works.  It's not that nature no longer has control over us, it's that we no longer have control over ourselves.
Cricket is a game of cricket.  

The ball is a club.  The batsmen have to hit the ball to the wicket, and the bowler has to bowl the ball.

There are three main types of bowling in the game fast, spin and swing.
Carbon dating is based on measuring the amount of different isotopes of carbon in a sample.  

The isotopes are measured by measuring how much of each isotope is present in the sample, and how long it takes for it to decay into carbon dioxide (CO2).

Calibrated carbon dating uses a technique called beta counting, which measures the ratio of the three different carbon isotopes, and then uses the decay rate of the isotopes to estimate the age of the sample.

Unalibrated Carbon Dating uses a method called AMS (amplitude mass spectrometry
I think it's because women's voices tend to be louder than men's. 

It's not that they're louder, it's that they are louder.
It's called "seasoning" because you season the cast iron by rubbing it with oil or other oils to make it more evenly brown. 

The oil or oil is used to coat the edges of the pan, and to smooth the surface of the wok.
Your body stores energy as fat because it needs it to maintain itself, grow, and engage in activity. 

If you stop eating, your body will start storing it as fat.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'll give it a shot.

There's a lot going on in /r/technology right now:

_URL_0_

1. [ELI5: What's all the fuss around? ](_URL_1_)
I think it has to do with the fact that when you're in the front of the train, you're looking out the window, and your eyes are used to seeing the world from the front. When you're travelling backwards, your eyes have to adjust to the sudden change in perspective. 

When you're sitting in the back of the car, you can't see the front, so your eyes can't adjust.
Muscle contractions are just involuntary muscle contractions. 

Uterine contractions can be caused by endometriosis or other health problems.

Muscle cramps are caused by a lack of blood flow to the muscles.
PEMDAS is a set of rules that govern the order of operations in a computer program. 

1.   
1:  

 >  1

2: 


3:  >  2

4:  3

5:  4

6:  5

7:  6

8:  7

9:  8

10:  9

11:  10

12:  11

13:  12

14:  13

15:  14
The past tense of "read" is "to be read" and not "red", or some other variant?
Birds don't hide before they die.  They eat them.  

Humans do.
We stopped speaking Shakespearean English because we stopped learning it. 

Shakespeare's plays were written in a language that we didn't know how to speak.  We didn't have the vocabulary to use them in our everyday speech, so we stopped using them.
Sex and gender are not the same thing. 

Sex is what determines your gender, and gender identity is what defines your sexual orientation.  If you are attracted to men, women, or both, then you are gay.

If you're attracted to women, but not men, you are bisexual.  You are gay because you have a desire to be with other men, but you are not attracted to other women.
It's for security reasons.  

When you download an app on your phone, you're downloading it to a device that's not connected to the internet.  That device has to be connected to a network.  If the app doesn't have access to that network, it won't be able to do anything.

If the app needs to connect to a server, then it needs to be authenticated on the device.  It doesn't matter if it's on a laptop or a phone.  The server doesn't care if the app is on a phone or a laptop.  They just want
We don't farm spiders for their silk.  

Moth silk is produced by caterpillars.  They don't need to farm it because they don't have the energy to do so.
The man is charged with rape due to the woman not being able to consent due to being intoxicated, when, by the same logic, the man is intoxicated so cannot give consent either?
When you are knocked out, your brain sends a series of signals to your brain telling it which way your head is tilted. Your brain interprets these signals and adjusts your posture to compensate for the change in orientation of your head. 

When you experience immense pleasure or get knocked out your brain tells your body to adjust your posture so that you are not tilting your head in the wrong direction. This is called the labyrinthine righting reflex, and it is a reflex that corrects the orientation of the body when it is taken out of its normal upright position.
I think it's because men like to see other men ejaculate in other people's faces and/or bodies. It's a way for them to feel like they are part of the action. 

_URL_0_
Muscles are made up of myofibrils, which are composed of sarcomeres, which is the basic building block of striated muscle tissue. When you stretch them, you are stretching the sarcomere, which causes them to get tighter.
The blind spot is caused by a hole in the optic disc, the part of the eye that connects the optic nerve to the brain. It's called a [fovea](_URL_0_) and it's located in the center of the fovea. 

It's not a blind spot at all, it's just a spot where there are no photoreceptors.
The water in the mine is not the problem. 

The problem is that the fire is in the ground.  The fire is not in the water.  It's in the air.

If you want to put out a fire in a mine, you have to pump water into the mine.  You can't just pump water out of a mine.
An electronic signature is a signature written on paper. 

A handwritten signature is written on a piece of paper, like a contract or a contract.  It is not legally binding, but it is legally required to be used as evidence in court.

An e-signature is a digital signature, which is written in a format that can be read by a computer.  This means that it can be used to authenticate the identity of the person who signed the document, and it is not required to have a notary public verify the signature.
They don't use stop motion.  They use the same technique that they use for stop motion movies.

They use a camera that has a timer on it.  When the time is right, the camera will start recording.  The camera will record the time it takes for the timer to run out.  Then, they use a computer program to calculate how long it will take for the time to go from 0 to 1.  If the clock is running at the right speed, the computer will calculate how much time is left in the clock.  It will then use that information to create a stop motion
Groom's cake is the second flavor of the bride's cake.  It's usually a dark, liquor-soaked fruitcake.  The first flavor is usually white, and is considered too light for men's tastes.
The US had a low voter turnout rate during the 20th century because it was so limited in most nations that suffrage  the right to vote  was very limited in the United States that turnout figures have little relevance to today.
We can, but we can't.

There are a few things we can do, but it's not easy to do. 

First, we can control the weather.  We can use satellites to track the weather, and we can use computers to model it.  The problem is that we don't really know what we're doing.  There are a lot of variables that affect the weather that are not known.  For example, the amount of water vapor in the air, the temperature of the air in the atmosphere, and the humidity.  All of these things can be controlled, but
Alcohol is legal everywhere. It is the most widely consumed psychoactive substance in the world, while most other psychoactive drugs, excluding tobacco and caffeine, are almost universally demonized.
Red blood cells don't have a nucleus, and therefore no DNA, how is blood used for DNA sampling in crimes and such?
They use a device called an Audimeter.  It's basically a radio with a radio tuner attached to it.  They use it to measure how many people are tuning in at any given time.  

They also use an app on your phone that tells them how many times you've turned it on and off during a given period of time.
Acne is caused by the sebaceous glands in your skin producing too much sebum, which is a type of oil that is produced by the hair follicles in your face. When you sleep deprived, the sebum builds up in the pore, causing it to become clogged up with dead skin cells. This clogs up the pores, causing acne.
Because they are easier to fit and provide a better grip.
FM radio works by using waves of radio waves that travel at different frequencies at different altitudes. The frequency range is called the band band, and it ranges from 87.5 to 108 MHz. 

The band is divided into two groups: Class A and Class B. Class A is the band used for TV and radio, while Class B is used for radio. The bands are divided into 2 groups, A and B. A bands are used for television and B bands for radio, B is for radio and C is for broadcast radio. In the United States, the bands are split into two bands, A
Congress is the legislative branch of the federal government. It is bicameral in nature with a Senate and the House of Representatives. 

The Senate is the upper house of Congress.  It has more members than the House, but is smaller than the Senate.  The House is the lower house.
I don't know about you, but I think it's because you're talking to yourself as if you were talking to a different person.
When you're playing music at full volume, you're increasing the amount of air pressure in the speaker, which causes the diaphragm of the speaker to vibrate. This vibrates the wire around the speaker and causes it to wear out.
I don't know about you, but I think it has to do with your perception of the road. 

When you are driving, your brain is trying to make sense of the world around you.  Your eyes are telling your brain that you are going the right way, but your brain thinks you're going the wrong way.

Your brain interprets that as a "wrong" way, so you end up driving the other way.
When you cook eggs, you're breaking down the proteins in the yolk, which is the outer layer of the egg. When you cook them, the water in the egg is absorbed by the proteins, and the proteins are denatured, which means that they are no longer able to hold water in place.

The process is called denaturing.
The electrons in the outermost shell (or shells) determine the chemical properties of the atom; it is called the valence shell. 

The atoms in the innermost shell are called valence electrons, and they are the ones that are bound to the nucleus.

If you want to understand the structure of an atom, you need to understand how electrons orbit the nucleus and how they interact with each other.  This is called electronnucleus spinspin interaction, and it is a fundamental property of the universe.  It is also a property of atoms.
The internet is a collection of subnets. 

Each subnet is connected to the rest of the internet.

There are subnets that are connected to each other, and subnets connect to other subnets, and so on.
The Church was a very powerful institution in the middle ages.  It was the largest religious organization in the world.  

In the Middle Ages, there was no secular government.  The Church was the only authority that had the power to enforce laws.  There were no secular governments, no secular laws, and no laws that were binding on the Church.

The Church had a lot of power because it was the most powerful organization in Europe.  They had a huge amount of money, they had a large number of priests, and they had an enormous number of bishops.  In addition, they
It depends on the country.

Turkey shut down Twitter after the coup attempt. 

The reason they shut down the site was because they were concerned that it was a source of information about the coup plotters, and they didn't want people to be able to access the internet.
I can hill run for an hour no problem, the moment you stop to rest you get winded?
Nebulae are made up of a lot of gas and dust, which absorbs light from the sun and reflects it back at us. 

When you look at a nebula, you're looking at the light coming from the stars.  The light from those stars is reflected back at you, but it's not all the same light.  Some of the light is coming from different parts of the nebula.  For example, the light from a bright star is reflected off of the gas in front of it, and some of it is reflected from the dust and dust behind it.
I'm not an expert, but I'll try my best to explain it.

1 ton is a unit of mass.  It's the weight of a ton of concrete.  

A ton is the amount of concrete that can be crushed into a million pieces.  If you want to know how many tons of concrete you can crush, you need to multiply by 1,000.  You can do this by multiplying by 10,000,000 times 10.
It's because your brain is still processing the last 5 minutes of sleep. 

When you sleep for 8 hours, your brain goes into REM sleep, which is a deep sleep that lasts about 5 minutes.  When you wake up in the morning, you're still in REM sleep.
Net neutrality is the principle that you can't charge a company like Netflix or Hulu for access to your data. 

Zero-rating is a way for a company to make money off of your data usage.  It's a way to encourage you to use their service, but not charge them for it.

T-Mobile's announcement is a blow to net neutrality.  They are trying to get you to pay them more money for their service.  If you don't pay them, they won't be able to give you faster speeds.
Bayesians theorem is a theorem in probability theory that says that if you know something, you can estimate the likelihood that it is true. 

For example, if you have a bunch of people in a room, and you know that they all have the same amount of money, and they all know the same things about each other, then you can calculate how likely it is that one of them will have more money than the other.

But if you don't know that, you have no idea how much money they have, so you can't estimate how likely they are to have more than one.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it has something to do with your circadian rhythm. When you're awake, your body is trying to adjust to the fact that you're not getting enough sleep. Your body is producing chemicals called melatonin, which is a hormone that tells your body to go to sleep. 

When you're deprived of sleep, these chemicals are released into your body, which causes you to wake up more often. This causes your body's circadian rhythm to change, which means that you wake up earlier and stay awake longer.

This is why some people can
Cadbury is a chocolate company.  

Pantone 2685C is a chemical that is used in the manufacture of chocolate.  It is a color that can be used in chocolate, but it is not a functional color.

The reason they are able to trademark it is because it is a colour that is useful in chocolate making.  If you want to make a chocolate bar, you need to be able to say that it is made with the colour purple.  You can't say that if you don't have a patent on the colour.
Menthol activates your thermoreceptors in your mouth and throat, which makes it feel colder.
I think it has to do with the amount of bacteria in your mouth. 

When you eat, your body breaks down the bacteria that cause bad breath, and the bacteria are broken down by your body.

If you don't eat enough bacteria, your mouth will not be able to break down the bad bacteria, and you will have bad breath.
The transition between audio tracks is not always seamless. 

When you're listening to an audio track, the audio signal is split into two separate streams.  The audio signals are sent to your computer in two streams, one on each side of the track, and the other on the other.  When the audio is played back, your computer has to decode the audio signals from the two streams and convert them into a single stream.  This takes time.

If the audio tracks are played at the same time, the computer will be able to decode both streams at once.  However, if the audio
Pornography is not considered prostitution in the US. 

It is illegal in the UK, but it is legal in many other countries.
It's not a voice, it's a part of your brain that controls your speech. 

Your brain has a bunch of different parts that control your speech, including your tongue, soft palate, lips, larynx and so forth.

When you hear your voice, you're hearing it through your inner ear, which is the part of the brain responsible for speech production.  Your brain also controls your facial muscles, which are what you see when you look at your face.
I think it has to do with the fact that we are programmed to be sympathetic to animals that are in distress. When we hear a baby cry, our brains go into overdrive, and we instinctively want to comfort them.
It's not that instant coffee has no ingredients, it's just that the FDA doesn't require it to list them. 

Coffee beans contain a lot of ingredients, but they're not all required to be listed on the can.  They're just not regulated by the FDA, so they don't have to.
I don't think it has anything to do with race, but rather with gender. 

Race is a social construct.  If you are a white person, you are automatically assumed to be white because you are white.

If you identify as another race, you have to prove that you are not white.
The players have been locked out of the collective bargaining agreement (CBA) with the owners for over a year. The owners are trying to get more money from the players, and the players want to get a raise. 

The owners want to keep the players happy, but the players don't want to accept that.

This is the first time in the history of the NBA that the players have decertified their union, which means that they are no longer part of the union.
Fraternities and sororities are social organizations that provide a social outlet for members, while also providing a place for them to learn about the world around them. 

Fraternity members are required to be members of a certain fraternity or sorority, and they are expected to follow the rules of the fraternity.  These rules are set by the fraternities themselves, but they are not set in stone.  They are set in place by the university, and the university is required to follow them.

The purpose of a fraternity is to provide a place where members can learn about other people,
Sodomy is a crime against nature. It is a violation of the laws of nature.
The advantage of a "walking" tank would be that it would be much lighter, which would make it easier to transport. 

The disadvantage is that the weight of the tank would increase, making it heavier than a normal tank.

Also, a walking tank would require a lot more power than a regular tank, which means it would need to be more powerful to keep up with its weight.
PDF, JPEG, PNG, TIFF, and other file types and what they mean.

PDF is an image file format. It is a file format that allows you to save images in a format that can be used to print them. 

PNG is a type of image file. It's a file type that stores a lot of information in a single file, like the color of the image, the size of the file, and the type of text in the file. 


GIF, GIF, and TIFF are image file formats that store information in bitmaps.
They can't hide things in terms and services. 

If you want to sell something, you have to disclose the terms and conditions.  If you don't want to, you can't.
I think it's because it's a form of entertainment, not a crime. 

If you're talking about animal abuse laws, it's not illegal to film animals being abused, but it's illegal to show them being abused.
It's because the first two numbers have a mathematical relationship with the last two numbers. 

If you accidentally hit the wrong key, it will block the rest of the keyboard from working.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm going to try to explain it in layman's terms.

When you draw a flat drawing, you're drawing a straight line. You draw a line from one side of the drawing to the other. If you draw the line from the front to the back, you are drawing the same line, but if you draw it from the back to the front, you have to draw the same straight line from both sides of the drawn line. 

In order to do this, you need to take a picture of a flat line and draw a
It's called capacitive touch and it works by measuring the capacitance of the glass. 

When you touch the screen with your finger, it senses the change in capacitance between your finger and the glass, and uses that to determine the location of your finger.
It is possible to make HD versions of old movies. 

The problem is that the original film was shot on 35mm film, which is not very good quality.  The film is still usable, but it's not as good as it used to be.  It's not even close to being good enough to be usable as a HD movie.

There are a lot of factors that go into making a HD version of a film, but the most important one is the resolution.  If you want to make an HD version, you need to take the film and convert it to a higher resolution.
Lighting in games is achieved using a combination of two things.

1. Lighting is generated by the camera. The camera takes a series of images of the world around it, and then uses that image to determine where the light is coming from. This information is then used to determine how much energy the light source needs to be able to produce a certain amount of light.
2. Lighting can also be achieved by using a flashlight. The flashlight can be turned on and off at any time, and the light from the flashlight is used to illuminate the area around it.
3. Light can be used to
I'm not sure what you mean by "your personal response" but I think it's a good way to put it. 

If you want to know what your personal response is, you need to look at your brain and see what it's telling you.

Think of it like this:

1. Your brain is telling you that you are hungry, thirsty, tired, and tired.
2. You are hungry because you are thirsty.
3. You're thirsty because you want something.
4. You want something because you're tired and tired because you have nothing else to do
The X-Wing was designed to take off and land at high altitudes. 

The pilot would have to be able to get in and out of the ejection seat quickly.

Also, the cockpit was too small for the pilots to get out of. 


_URL_0_
I think it has to do with the fact that Indian Americans tend to be more likely to be fluent in English than other ethnic groups. 

Also, they tend to have more time to memorize the words they are asked to spell, and they are also likely to spend more time in school learning how to spell them.

I'm not sure if this is true for all ethnic groups, but I think it's true for Indian Americans.
Insider trading is when you know that a company is going to release a new product or service, but you don't report it to the market. 

For example, if you are the CEO of a company and you know they are going to launch a new drug, but don't want to tell the market, you can buy stock in the company and sell it at a lower price.

If you are a board member of the company, and you see that the company is about to go public, you could sell your stock at a higher price than the market is willing to pay for it.
It doesn't. 

When you cook steak, the moisture in the meat evaporates from the surface.  When you dry-age it, the water evaporates out of the meat, leaving the meat with less moisture.  This means that the meat is less moist, which is why it tastes better.
It's called the tonic immobility reflex. When you fall asleep, your muscles contract to keep you from falling out of bed. It's the same reason you can't fall asleep in the middle of the night.
They don't have one leader fish guiding them. 

The fish on the peripheral all react to external stimuli simultaneously.
I'm not sure if you're talking about cars or planes, but I'll give it a shot.

In the early 1900s, the first cars were used to transport goods and people to and from work. 

There was a time when there were no cars, so you had to travel by train.  
 
When you got to work, you would ride the train to the office, and then take the train back to your office.  If you were going to work late at night, you could take a cab to the train station and wait for it to pick you up.
>  How do the documents Edward Snowden released affect you as a law-abiding citizen?

The documents show that the US government has been spying on the phone calls, emails, text messages, and phone calls of everyone in the United States.  This is illegal.

If you are not a US citizen, and you don't have a warrant for your phone call or text message, the government will not be able to do anything about it.
Hair is shed as permanent tetrads. 

When you clean your cat's fur, you are removing the hair from the top of her head, which is the most important part of her coat.  When you clean her fur off, you're also removing the hairs from the bottom of her fur.  This is why you can't see her fur when she's cleaning her fur, because it's all gone.
It depends on the law.

1. You need to have a warrant. 

2. You have to have probable cause to believe that the person you are trying to arrest is guilty of a crime

3. You must be able to produce a warrant

4. You can't arrest someone without a warrant if you don't have one

5. You cannot arrest someone with a warrant unless you can prove that they are guilty of the crime.
It's not so much the money as it is the amount of time it takes to make the game.

There are a lot of things that go into making a video game, but the most important one is the hardware and software. 

The hardware is called the hardware.  The hardware is what allows the game to run on the hardware, and the software is the software that runs on it.  It's not the hardware that's the problem, it's the software.
They were the "Aryan" people that the Nazi's referred to.  They were the Germanic race, the Nordic race, and the Slavic race.
The US labour laws/market conditions really are such that a house maid in NYC (re: Indian Dy. Consul affair) working 40 hrs/week earns $4,500/month, while Ph.D. researchers in the US earn $3,500 per month. 

It's not that the US doesn't have minimum wage laws, it's just that they don't apply to everyone.
The purpose of an EGR valve is to control the amount of exhaust gas coming out of the engine when the engine is running at normal operating temperature.  

When the car is hot, the exhaust gases are drawn from the carburetor into the intake manifold.  When it's cold, they are drawn into the exhaust manifold, where they are pushed out by the exhaust system.  This causes a partial vacuum in the cylinder, which allows the exhaust to flow more freely.

The reason for this is that when the exhaust is cold, there is less air in the exhaust, so the exhaust can
Mint is sweetened with sugar, which is why it tastes minty.

Mint has a lot of sugar in it, but it's not as sweet as other mints, so it doesn't taste as sweet.
Dj vu is a phenomenon caused by a malfunction in the temporal lobe of the brain. This is the part of your brain that stores memories and memories of past events. 

When you have a seizure, your temporal lobe is flooded with electrical impulses. These impulses are sent to the mesial temporal lobe, which stores memories of previous events and memories. When you have an episode of epilepsy, these impulses are also sent to this part of the temporal lobes. This causes you to feel like you are having a dream.
Cold air has a higher pressure than warm air, which causes it to move faster. 

When the air is cold, it has a lower pressure, which means that the sound waves that travel through it are traveling at a faster rate than when it is warm.

The sound waves travel at the same speed as the air, but they travel at different speeds due to the difference in pressure between the cold and warm air.
They have a special float that is designed to float on water.  It's called a floatie.

The floatie is made up of a bunch of metal bars that are attached to the bottom of the float.  Each bar is filled with water, and the floatie floats up to the top of the bar.  The floatie then floats down the street.  When the float is full of water, the bar is lifted up by a crane.  

When the float reaches the top, the crane lowers the bar back down to the ground.  This allows the performers to perform.
Community College is a state-run institution that offers a variety of programs.  

It's a public institution, but it's run by the local government.  It's not a private institution, so it's not run by a private company.  They're run by local governments, and they're funded by the state.

There are two main campuses, one in Harrisburg, PA, and one in Bethlehem, PA.  The Harrisburg campus is the main one, and it's the only one in the area.  There's also a satellite campus in Pittsburgh, PA that serves the
I think it has to do with the way your taste buds work.

Your taste buds are made up of a bunch of different chemicals called [taste buds](_URL_0_). 

Some of these chemicals are responsible for the taste of corn, some of them aren't, some are, and some are not. 



The reason you can love corn flakes, popcorn, and other foods made from corn is because they're made from the same chemicals that make them taste good.  
When you eat them, you're not really tasting the corn, you are tasting the
When you hear a recording, you're hearing the sound waves coming from two different sources at the same time. 

One source is the microphone, and the other is the speaker.

When you record the two sources, the microphones are placed at different locations relative to each other.  This means that each microphone records each wavefront at a slightly different time, the wavefronts are out at different times, so that they sound different.
It's possible that it could have been in any way an evolutionary advantage, but it's also possible that there are many factors at play. 

Modernity. Modernity has led to an increase in the number of people who are depressed, and it's not just because of modernity, but also because of the fact that people are less likely to be able to work.

In the past, depression was more common in rural areas, but that's not the case anymore. In fact, there's a lot of evidence to suggest that depression is more prevalent in urban areas than rural areas. One study
The government doesn't pay for healthcare in the US. The government regulates the insurers. 

Insurance companies are regulated by the government.
It's called "Eye Comfort mode" and it's basically a way to reduce the amount of light in your eyes. 

When you're awake, your eyes are open, and the light from the sun hits them. When you're asleep, they're closed, so the light doesn't hit them as hard.
I don't know about you, but I think it has to do with your perception of what you eat and how much you eat. 

If you watch TV, you will see a lot of people who eat junk food and still remain skinny. If you don't watch TV and don't eat it, you won't see that many people who do.
The letters R, S, X, Z are used to indicate performance cars. 

The reason they are used is because they are the most common letter in the alphabet.

R stands for "Racing" and the letters S is for "Sport".

S is for sports car and the letter X is for sport utility vehicle.
Grammatical cases are used to distinguish between nouns, verbs, and adjectives. 

For example:

"He is a soldier" is a noun, and "he is" is an adjective.

In English, the subject is the subject, and the verb is the object. 


In German, the object is the verb and the noun is the noun.
HOA fees are a way for the owners of the condo to control the maintenance of the property.  

For example, if you live in an apartment building, you pay for the upkeep of the pool, the pool is maintained by the HOA.  If you own a condo, you don't have to pay the pool maintenance, but you do need to pay maintenance fees to the association.

If you're buying a house, you're not paying maintenance fees for the entire house.  You're just paying for the pool.  The HOA wants to make sure that the pool and the
Toothpaste is a very fine abrasive. 

When you scratch a CD, you are scratching the surface of the CD, not the data.  The data is written on the top layer of the disc, and the bottom layer is the reflective layer.  If you scratch the CD too deep, the data will be lost.
It's not the phone, it's the network. 

Your phone is using a different type of radio than your landline phone.  
 
The phone uses CDMA, which is a type of low-power radio that is used by cell phone towers.  It uses the same frequency as your land line phone, but it uses a different wavelength of radio.  This means that the signal strength of the cell tower is lower than the frequency of the phone.

When you make a call, your phone is trying to send out a signal to the tower, and the tower is trying
It's called sebaceous glands. They secrete a substance called meibum that slows the evaporation of tears. When your eyes are closed, the tears are not able to evaporate, so they form a film on the outside of your eyelids. When you open your eyes, the film is still there, but it's not as thick as it was when you were asleep.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm going to try to explain it.

Let's say you're a stock trader and you want to buy a stock at $1.50 a share. 

First, you need to know what the price of the stock is.  If the price is $0.50, then you know that it's going to go up to $1, and if it's $1 a share, you're going to know that the price will go down to $0, and vice versa. 


Now, let's say that you
Solar panels are made out of single crystalline silicon, a semiconductor material. When light hits the silicon, it bounces off of the silicon and turns it into electrons. The electrons are attracted to the electrons, and when they hit the metal, they get excited. This creates an electric field, which causes the electrons to move to the metal and create a current. This is called the photoelectric effect.

Solar panels use a thin film of silicon and a thin layer of metal, which absorbs light and converts it into electricity.
I think it has something to do with the fact that men have a higher level of testosterone in their blood than women, which makes them more sexually aroused.
It depends on the quality of the stone. 

Diamonds are mined from the ground.  They are cut and polished to a certain size, and then sold at auction.  The price of a diamond is determined by how much it is worth.  If it's worth $1.5 million, then you can buy it for $100,000.

If it's valued at $1 million, you can't buy it.  You have to buy it from someone who has it, and you have to pay them for it.
I think it's because you're rooting for your team to win. 

It's the same reason you root for the underdog to win, because it's the underdog's best chance of winning.
Your tonsils are the first line of defense in your mouth. They contain white blood cells that are used to fight bacteria and viruses that enter through your mouth, which is why you get tonsillitis.
Titanic premiered on November 1, but wasn't actually released until over a month later on December 19?
The NHS is a public health service.  It is funded by the government, but it is run by the local government.  

Social care is provided by the state.  The government is responsible for the provision of social care, but the local authorities are responsible for providing it.  This means that the government has to pay for it, and the local authority has to make sure that they are doing their job properly.

The government is also responsible for making sure that people who need social care get it, but they have to do it in a way that is fair to everyone.  For example
Aluminum and steel are cheaper and more corrosion resistant than tin.
Your brain is able to distinguish between sound and visual information. 

Sound is a signal that travels through the air, and your brain interprets it as a signal.  Your eyes are able to pick up on the difference between the two signals, but your brain is not able to tell which signal is coming from which source.

So when you hear a TV or a building turn on, you are hearing the audio, but not the TV.
Nielsen is a company that monitors how many people watch TV.  They use a device called a "peopleometer" that is attached to the TV set in a few thousand homes.  It records the time and the channel that a viewer watches on a particular day.  Then they use that information to calculate the total number of viewers.
It's called "learned paralysis" and it's caused by the fact that the brain has a conflict between the visual system which actually sees that the limb is missing, and the brain which perceives it as part of the body.
A multivitamin is a combination of vitamins and minerals that does not include herbs, hormones, or drugs, and does not present a risk of adverse health effects.
Magnetism is a property of magnetism. 

Magnetic field strength is a measure of the strength of a magnetic field.

If you have a magnet on your laptop, it is strong enough to bend the magnetic field of your computer.  But if you have magnets on your smart cover, they are weak enough that they can't bend the field of the computer.
I'm not sure what you mean by "laughing until you cry", but I'm going to try to explain it as best I can.

When you cry, your body releases a hormone called adrenocorticotropic hormone, which is a hormone that makes you feel better. When you laugh, the hormone is released, and your body feels better. 

The reason we laugh when we cry is because it releases endorphins, which are chemicals that make us feel good.
When you press on the screen, the liquid crystals that make up the backlight are vibrating. 

The liquid crystals have a natural tendency to stay in one position, which causes them to vibrate.

When you push on a computer screen, you're actually displacing the liquid crystal, which is why it feels like it's vibrating like water.
It's just a way to get people to listen to the album before it's released.

It's also a way for the artist to get their name on the cover, so that people know it's on the album.
It's not that everyone already knows who they are, it's that they are known to a large number of people. 

If you go to a McDonalds store, and you see a sign that says "McDonalds is here" and you don't know who it is, you're not going to buy it.
It depends on a lot of things.

1. Location

2. The size of the city

3. The population

4. The number of people

5. The type of infrastructure


6. The amount of equipment

7. The kind of people in the city and the type of buildings

8. How many people are there

9. How big the city is

10. How long it takes to defend

11. How much it costs

12. What kind of infrastructure are we talking about?

There are a lot
It's not possible. 

The earth is getting warmer and warmer, and the atmosphere is getting denser and denser, so storms are not going to be able to last as long as they used to.
I think it has to do with the way your brain interprets the alcohol. 

When you drink a lot of alcohol, your brain gets used to the amount of alcohol in your system, and starts to process it as a normal amount. When you drink less alcohol, it starts to think that it's a higher amount, so you feel like you're getting drunk faster.

But when you drink more alcohol, you start to realize that you're not getting drunk as fast as you thought you were, because your brain is still processing it as normal.
Income tax is not a voluntary tax, it is a direct tax. 

If you earn $100,000 a year and you don't pay any income tax on it, then you are not subject to income tax.

However, if you earn a million dollars a year, you are subject to federal income tax at 10% and state taxes at 15%.

The income tax is a tax on the income you earn, not the income that you pay.  
   

 
So if you make $100k a year you pay no income tax, but if you
Birds don't die during an earthquake, they are crushed by the ground. 

Earthquakes are caused by vibrations in the earth, not by the earth itself.
It's called reverse faulting. 

When you drill a hole in the ground, you're pushing down into a layer of rock.  When you push down into the rock, the pressure in the wellbore causes it to compress.  The pressure is so high that it pushes the rock out of the way, causing it to fall down the well shaft.

If the pressure is too high, it can cause the rig to tip over.  This is called a "kick" and it's caused by the pressure of the oil and gas being pushed down the shaft.  If the rig is
The word "mother" is derived from the Proto-Indo-European word "mamma" which means "mother". 

It's not the same as "mama" in English, it's the same word for "father".

"Mama" is a noun, not a verb, so it doesn't sound the same way in different languages.
I don't know if it's because the car is moving, but I think it has something to do with the fact that when you're reading, your brain is trying to make sense of what's going on around you. 

When you're in a car, your eyes are trying to focus on what's in front of them.  Your brain is also trying to process what's happening behind you, so it's trying to keep track of what you're seeing and what's behind you.

If you're not paying attention to what's around you, you'll get car sick.
It's called positive myoclonus, and it's caused by a lack of oxygen to the brain during the first stages of sleep. 

When you're in REM sleep, your muscles are contracting and relaxing, and your brain interprets this as a sign that you're falling asleep. It's a reflex to help you catch yourself if you fall out of a tree.
TARP was successful at stabilizing the financial markets and bailing out the big banks, auto industry, housing market, etc.

The problem was that there was a lot of speculation in the stock market, which caused the value of the stock to drop.  The stock market is a very volatile thing, and when the stock price goes down, it's hard to predict what's going to happen next.  If the stock goes up, it means that the company is going to lose money, and if the stock is down, they're going to have to pay back the people who bought the stock.
Submarine cables are used to carry electrical power. 

A cable is like a wire.  It is made up of a series of wires that are connected to each other.  Each wire has a conductor that carries a voltage.  The cable is made of copper or aluminum, and the copper wire is wrapped in a thin layer of rubber.  When the cable is laid, the rubber is used to insulate the cable from the water.  This allows the cable to carry electricity.

The cable is also used to transmit data.  For example, if you want to send a text message from
The difference between alienation and conveyance when property is transfered is that alienation is when the property is permanently affixed to the land, while conveyance is when it is transferred. 

For example, let's say you have a house on a piece of land, and you want to sell it to someone else.  You want to get rid of the house, but you don't want to give up the land.  If you sell the house to somebody else, you're transferring the land to them.

If you transfer the property to another person, you are transferring it to the person who owns
I think it has to do with the first syllables of their surnames. 

For example, if you're talking about the point guard, it's because he's the guy who gets the ball out of the backcourt, and the other guys on the other side of the court are the guys who are supposed to block him.

If you're asking about the other positions, they get their names because they're the ones that are the most important to the team.  For example, the center is the one who gets to block the shot clock, the guard is the guy that gets to get
I'm not an expert, but I'll try my best to give you a basic understanding of the stock market.

The stock market is a collection of stocks that are traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE). 

There are a lot of different types of stocks on the NYSE, but the most common ones are:

1. Companies

2. Stocks

3. Options

4. ETFs

5. Derivatives

6. Indexes

7. Price movements

8. Volume

9. Price trends

10
When you turn the faucet one way, it gives you cold water. When you turn it the other way, you get hot water.
It's not that they peel off your skin, it's that they're made of polyethylene glycol, which is a lubricant. 

Polyethylene is a chemical that is used to lubricate the razor blade.  When you shave, you're applying a lot of oil to the skin, which lubricates the blade and makes it easier for it to glide across the surface of your skin.
It's not that they don't get ripped, it's that they do. 

Obese people tend to have a higher metabolic rate than lean people, which means that they have to expend more energy to maintain their weight. This means that when they exercise, they burn more calories, which is why they lose weight.
The distinction between a "developed" nation and a "developing" one made by the United Nations is based on a number of factors.

1. A developed country is a country that has a lot of natural resources and is able to produce goods and services. 

2. A developing country is one that doesn't have as much natural resources as a developed country, but still has a decent amount of them

3. They have a strong government, also called a "developmental state", and have leaders who can confront multinationals and demand that they operate to protect their people's interests.
If you're traveling faster than the speed of sound in a jet and you try to talk, you're going to hit the ground.

If you don't have a seatbelt on, you'll fall out of the plane.
When you have a fever, your body's core temperature rises to a higher temperature due to the immune system. When it breaks, you start sweating to cool your body down.
HTML5 is a new version of HTML, which is the language that is used to describe the structure of a web page. 

HTML5 adds a bunch of new features to the language, and makes it easier for developers to write code that can be used to render content on the page.

For example, you can now use the Canvas 2-D element, which allows you to render 2D images on a page, and you can also use it to render 3D images.
It's not a dead language, it's a dead culture. 

It's just that we don't know how to use it any more.

We don't have a way to communicate with each other in the same way that we communicate with other languages, so we have to learn each other's languages in order to understand each other.
The U.S. government does not owe all of its debt to itself.  It owes money to other people.  The government borrows money from banks and other financial institutions to pay interest on that money.  

The government is not expected to pay all of it's debt in the foreseeable future, but it is expected to be able to pay some of it in the future.
It's not that we don't know how to speak other languages, it's that we are used to speaking English. 

We are the most developed country in the world, so we have a lot of opportunities to learn other languages.
It doesn't make it worse at gripping and hitting the ball.  

It will make it harder for the ball to hit the bat, but it won't make the ball harder to hit.
The Ottoman Empire (which no longer exists) did to Armenians as a "genocide". 

Turkey is not officially recognized as a part of the world.  It is not a member of the UN.
They don't "decide" to develop a certain physical feature.

It's a matter of natural selection. 

If you're talking about a trait that is advantageous to a species, it's because it helps them survive and reproduce, and because it's advantageous to the species as a whole. 


For example, if you have an antelope, and the antelope is able to run faster than a gazelle, it means that they are more likely to reproduce.  This means that if they have more offspring, they will be able to reproduce more, and if they are able
I think it has to do with testosterone levels. 

Baldness is caused by testosterone levels in the hair follicles of the head.  It's not a genetic thing, it's just a result of the body growing out of control.
Stout is a type of beer made with roasted malted barley.

Porter is made with unmalted barley, which is dry and bitter.
Your brain knows when to release certain chemicals to feel certain emotions. It's called the [HPA axis](_URL_0_). 

The HPA axis is a part of the hypothalamus, which is the part of your brain that controls your body's nervous system. When you feel an emotion, your hypothalamus sends a signal to your brain telling it to release a chemical called glucocorticoids, which are a hormone that your body releases when it's feeling an emotion.
The medical examiner testified that Zimmerman shot Martin because he thought he was going to kill him.  He said that Martin was following him, and when he saw him, he felt threatened, so he pulled out his gun and shot him in the back of the head.
It is theoretically possible to create a device that would use static electricity to make a person float.

The problem is that it would require a large amount of electricity, and it would take a lot of energy to make it work.
Menthol is a diuretic, which is a chemical that makes your skin feel cold. When you shake it, you're activating the TRPM8 receptors in your skin, which makes it feel colder.
It's not about the material things, it's about the experience of living. 

If you want to be happy, you need to have a purpose.  You need to be able to do things that make you happy.  If you don't, you'll end up unhappy.
They don't put all the logos and colours on the ice, they put them on the boards. 

They put the logos on the bottom of the boards first, then they put the colours on top of them.
I think it has to do with the size of the drive-thrus and the number of cars in the line. 

If you have a lot of cars, you can't fit all of them through the same window.  If you only have one window, it's hard to get the order in and out of the car.
Yes, there is an upper limit to a maximum speed attainable by man made objects in outer space, or can man made probes continue traveling faster and faster. 

The problem is that we don't really know what the upper limit is.

We know that we can travel at the speed of light, but we also know that there is a limit to the amount of energy we can use to do so. 


For example, if you want to go faster than light, you need to use a lot more energy than you do now.  You need to burn a ton of fuel to get
A doctorate is a degree for which a university (or other degree-awarding institution) has waived the usual requirements, such as matriculation, residence, a dissertation, and the passing of comprehensive examinations.

An honorary degree is usually given to someone who has no prior connection with the academic institution or no previous postsecondary education. 

For example, if you have a Master of Science degree, but have never been to a university, and have no previous connections to the university, the university will give you an honorary doctorate. 


If you are a PhD student, and you have
We don't get sick more frequently in the winter than the summer because we spend more time indoors, which means we are exposed to more germs. 

The cold is caused by our body's immune system not being able to produce enough mucus to fight off the viruses that cause the cold.
They don't get prickles/thorns/splinters in their feet, they get them in their fur. 

They get them from things like cacti, grasshoppers, etc.
The difference between what ISP's have been doing forever (more $ for faster internet) and what they were just fighting against (Net Neutrality). 

Net neutrality is the idea that ISPs should not be able to charge more for faster access to certain content.  They are not allowed to do this because it would violate the principle of net neutrality.
Yes, the brain has less to control, but it still has the ability to make decisions.

Think of it like this:

Imagine you have a piece of paper on your desk that says "I'm going to write this down, but I don't know how to do it".

Now, if you take that paper and write it down, you can write down how to write it, but you can't write down what it says. You can only write down the words in a certain order, and if you write them down in the wrong order, you'll end up with a paper that
The energy of impact of an object (m: 66 kg) falling from a height of 12 meters and hitting water is about 12 newtons of energy.

If you think about it in terms of mass, the energy of the impact is the same as the mass of the water. 

The difference is that the water is denser than the air, so the force of impact is equal to the weight of the air.
We have to save water because water is a finite resource. 

The water we use is treated to be reusable, which means it has to be treated in such a way that it can be used again and again.
The US dollar is not backed by oil, it is backed by gold. 

Gold is a store of value.  Gold is used as a safe-haven currency because it is a liquid asset that can be easily converted into other currencies.  The US dollar, on the other hand, is based on oil.

The idea is that the US is the world's largest producer of oil, and because of this, it has a lot of influence on the value of the dollar.  When other countries want to buy goods from the US, they have to buy them in dollars.  This means that
It's a safety thing. If a car were to hit a camera, it would cause a lot of damage to the car, and the camera would need to be able to see through the hood to get the shot. It's also a way for the camera crew to know where the car is and where the subject is.
It's not bad to transplant a houseplant into a pot that's too big for it, but the same plants can grow in the wild with unlimited soil. 

The problem is that houseplants need a lot of water to grow, and the soil is too small for them.
Aspirin, Tylenol, Advil, ibuprofen, and naproxen are all NSAIDs. They are all pain killers, but they are all different in how they work. Aspirin works by inhibiting the production of nitric oxide, which is the chemical that causes pain.

Paracetamol works by blocking acetaminophen from being released into the bloodstream, which makes it easier for the body to absorb the drug. As for Advil and Ibuprofens, they work by blocking the action of acetylcholine in the blood, which causes pain
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it's because video game graphics have changed so much in the last 5+ years.

Back in the day, video games used to be rendered in real-time, which means that you had to render everything at the same time. This meant that you needed a lot of processing power to render things, and you needed to be able to do it quickly. 

Nowadays, you can render things in real time, but you need a lot more computing power to do so.  You can't do it as fast as you used to
Divisions are usually made up of regiments, platoons, and brigades.

A brigade is a group of units that are organized into a number of different divisions. 

For example:

1. The 1st Infantry Division consists of 1,000 men.
2. The 2nd Infantry Division is 1,500 men,
3. The 3rd and 4th Infantry Divisions are 1,200 men each.
4. The 5th and 6th Divisions consist of 2,000 soldiers.
5. The 7th and 8th Infantry Division are 1 1
There are a lot of languages that have multiple tenses, but not all of them have the same verb tenses. For example, in the Basque phrase ikusi nauzu, or "you saw me", the past tense auxiliary verb n-au-zu (similar to English "do") agrees with both the subject (you) and the object (me) expressed by the n- prefix, and with the  zu suffix.
Pornography is a business, not an advertisement. 

Porn is a way to make money.  It's not about getting people to buy your product, it's about getting them to look at your product and buy it.
I think it's because they don't want you to be able to open the case to replace the battery.
If you are Chinese, Japanese, Korean, or Japanese, you are a member of one of those ethnic groups. 

If you're not Chinese, you're a part of another ethnic group.
There are a lot of animals that can be domesticated, but not all of them.

Goldfish, for example, are very difficult to breed. They are very hard to breed because they have a very high genetic diversity, and they are not very good at reproducing. 

Silkmoths, on the other hand, are easy to breed, and can be bred to breed with other silkmoths.
When you write something to your computer, your computer's SDRAM (flash memory) is used to store your data.  It's a very small amount of space, so it takes a lot of time for it to store the data.

When your computer is writing, it's using the same amount of memory as it does when it's reading.  This means that it's taking a lot more time to write the data than it takes to read it.
It's not bad for the engine, it's bad for your car's transmission. 

When you turn your car off, the transmission is still in drive mode.  When you start it up, the car is in neutral mode, which means that it's not using any power from the engine.  This means that the transmission will not be able to start.  If you start the car, it will start up, but it won't start the transmission.

If you turn the car off while it's in drive, the engine will start, but the transmission won't.  The transmission will
It's called the "memory effect".

When you turn off your phone, the battery will start to "remember" where it was when it was fully charged.

It's not that the battery is full, it's that it's just remembering where it is at the moment it was at when it last used the battery.
The upper class didn't end up just spending their fortunes in pre industrial revolution England.

There was a period of time when they were able to do so, but it wasn't as easy as it is today. 

Before the industrial revolution, there was a lot of land in England that was owned by the nobility, and they were allowed to live off of it. They could farm it, but they had to pay taxes on it, and if they didn't pay taxes, they couldn't live off it.
It depends on what you mean by "Hispanic" and "Latino".

"Hispanic" means "from Spain". "Latina" is a shortening of the Spanish word latinoamericano, which means "people of Latin ancestry". 

In the US, the term Hispanic is used to refer to people of Spanish ancestry, but it is also used to describe people of Mexican ancestry, Puerto Rican ancestry, Cuban ancestry, and other Spanish-speaking ancestry.

The US government uses the term Latino to describe all people of Hispanic ancestry, regardless of race.
The "Alpha" symbol stands for "alpha" and is used to represent the color of light. 

RGB is a color system that measures the amount of light that can be absorbed by the human eye.  It's used to measure how much light is absorbed by each of the three primary colorants (red, green, and blue).

If you want to make a color scheme, you can use the "RGB" symbol to represent all three primary colors.  If you use the symbol for "black", you can make a colour scheme that uses black as the primary color, and red as the
No, it doesn't. 

Dogs are not as intelligent as chihuahuas.

Chihuahua's brain is smaller than a Dobberman's, but that doesn't mean they are the same size.
The back of your tongue is dry because of the tannins in tea and wine. 

Tannins are a type of sugar.  When you drink wine or tea, you're tasting the sugar in the wine, which is what makes it taste sour.

When you drink tea, it's the acid in the tea that makes your tongue dry.
It's because it's easier to measure in inches than in centimeters.

If you're measuring in centimeters, you're not measuring in inches, but in millimeters.  You're measuring the circumference of your body, not the length of it.
I don't know the answer to this, but I think it has something to do with how CAPTCHAs work.

A CAPTCHA is a test that requires you to type a series of distorted letters, numbers or symbols that appear in an image undecipherable by a computer. If you can't read them, the computer can't figure out what they are, and if you can, it can't tell that you're a human.
We draw hearts as  when real hearts look so different. 

_URL_0_
Your fingerprints can be traced back to you if you haven't been convicted of a crime. 

Your fingerprints are stored in a database called the Crime Stoppers database.  The database contains information about you, your name, your address, your phone number, and your date of birth.  If you were ever arrested, your fingerprints would be added to the database.
It's not in the Qur'an. It's a tradition. 

It's a cultural thing.  It's not required by the Quran.
We crave things that are inherently bad for us because they are good for us. 

Candy, soda, etc. are bad for you because they have sugar in them, and sugar is bad for your brain.

When you eat them, your brain releases chemicals called endorphins, which are chemicals that make you feel good.  When you drink them, you release dopamine, which is a neurotransmitter that makes you feel happy.  It's a chemical that makes your brain feel good, and it makes you want more of it.
They don't move their head, they move their bodies. 

They're not chopping off their heads, they're chopping off the part of their body that controls their head.  They're using their prehensile tail as a check to keep them from falling over.
Clouds are made up of water droplets falling from the sky.

When the air above you cools down, it condenses into droplets of water vapor. These droplets fall down, and when they hit the ground, they condense back up again, forming a clumpy pattern.
A philosophical zombie is a creature that has no conscious experience, qualia, or sentience. 

It's a philosophical argument against the idea that consciousness is all that is required to explain consciousness.
It's not Moore's Law, it's Moore's law.  

Moore's Law states that the number of transistors in a chip increases with clock speed.  The more transistors a chip has, the faster it can run, but the more power it consumes.  So if you want to increase the clock speed of a chip, you need to make it more efficient.  This means that you have to make the chip smaller, which means that it needs to be more power efficient.

The problem with this is that it means that the amount of power required to make a chip is increasing
T-shirts are a way for people to show off their muscles. They are also a way to show that they are not fat.
HTTP/2 is going to change the internet. 

HTTP/1.1 is a protocol that allows you to send and receive data in chunks (e.g. bytes) rather than a single stream of bytes.  This means that you don't have to deal with the overhead of sending and receiving large chunks of data, and you can send them asynchronously as you want.

The problem with chunking is that you have to keep track of how many bytes are in a chunk, and how long it takes for each chunk to get to your computer.  With HTTP/2, you
Emotions are a natural part of being human. 

When you are stressed out, your brain is trying to figure out how to deal with the situation.  If you are not able to do this, you will be more likely to react in a way that is detrimental to your well being.  For example, if you are in a situation where you are angry, you may feel like you need to take a step back and take a deep breath.  This can lead to anxiety, depression, anxiety attacks, etc.

If you do this all the time, it will lead to a lot of
It's not that they don't want to, it's that they're not getting paid for it. 

If you're talking about bands, they do get paid, but it's not like they're making a ton of money off of it.
When you connect the cables to the battery, you're trying to get the current to flow through the circuit. 

The first time you do this, the cable is connected in series, and the second time you connect it in parallel, the current is flowing in series.

When you jump start a battery, the circuit needs to be able to handle the current flowing through it, so you want to make sure that the current flows through all of the contacts before it reaches the battery.
It's not that we don't see steam powered cars in modern cars, it's that they're just not cost effective.

An internal combustion engine is an external combustion engine (ECE) in which the fuel is combusted outside of the engine, whereas a steam engine (ICE) is internal combustion. 

In the case of an internal combustion car, the fuel has to be combusted away from the engine.  This means that it has to burn a lot more fuel, which means that the engine has to run on a lot less fuel.  It also means that you have to run the
We don't really know, but we do know a lot about how drugs work. 

For example, we know that some drugs work by binding to certain proteins in the body, and we know how they work in the brain.

We also know that certain drugs work in different ways in different parts of the body. For example, when you take a pill, you're taking a drug that binds to a protein in your blood, and that protein binds to certain molecules in your brain, and those molecules bind to different proteins in other parts of your body. This means that the drug binds to different parts
I think it has to do with the fact that words are easier to memorize than pictures.

When you see a picture of something, your brain takes a lot of time to process it. It takes a long time for your brain to process the information, and it takes even longer for it to store it in your memory. 

Pictures, on the other hand, are easy to process and store.
It's not that they don't want to tell you good things about yourself, it's that they want you to do good things for others. 

It's just that they're not sure you're capable of doing good things.
It was a race to be the first country to land a man on the moon. 

The Soviets had launched Sputnik 1 in 1957, and the US had launched Mercury 4 in 1960.

It was seen as an opportunity for the US to prove that they were the best at space exploration, and that they had the best technology.  The US had been building rockets for years, but the Soviets had been developing the most advanced rockets and the best spacecraft, and they were able to launch more satellites than the US.
Heroin is an opiate.  It's an opioid, which means that it's a strong painkiller.  The problem is that it has a metabolite called 6-monoacetylmorphine (6-MAM).  This is a drug that is metabolized by the body to morphine.  This means that when you take heroin, you're metabolizing it into morphine.

Morphine is a powerful painkiller, but it's metabolite is also a psychoactive drug.  When you take a large dose of heroin, your body produces a lot of 6-methylmorphine, which is the metabolite that causes the euphoric and rewarding effects
Argon is a noble gas, which means that it has a higher density than oxygen. 

Oxygen and argon are two different gases.  Oxygen is heavier than argon because it has more energy per atom.

Argon, on the other hand, has a lower density because it's heavier than nitrogen.  This means that when you put it in a bottle, you're putting a lot more energy into it than if you just put it into air.
If you hit a diamond with a sledgehammer, it would crack the surface of the diamond, but it would not be enough to break it. 

Diamonds are very hard.  They are made of diamond.  If you hit it hard enough, you can break it, but you can't break it enough to hurt someone.
They don't. They don't know how to hunt because they haven't seen other dogs do it.

They know it because they've seen it done by other dogs.
They don't. 

Cable TV has a contract with the content producers that requires them to pay them for the rights to show their shows.

Netflix doesn't have that contract, so they don't have to pay those fees.
Flash is a programming language that allows you to write code that runs on your computer.  It's not really bad, it's just that it's not very good at what it does.

Flash was originally developed by a company called Macromedia, and was originally designed to be used as a graphics and media player.  Flash was a very popular format, and it was very easy to use, but it was also very slow and had poor performance on mobile devices.  

The problem with Flash is that it doesn't have a lot of features that make it a good fit for mobile devices,
Your diaphragm and stomach muscles are contractions of the muscles in your abdomen. When you run, you are using them to push your body out of its comfort zone. 

When you are running, your body is trying to keep up with the weight of your body, so your muscles are contracting to push the weight out of the way.

Your stomach is also contracting, which is why you get cramps when you run.
Gold is a store of value. 

Gold is used as an investment vehicle.

If you want to buy gold, you have to buy it from someone who has it.  You have to pay them a set amount of gold.  If you buy gold from them, they will pay you back in gold.
It's not that pasta has more calories than lettuce, it's that the amount of carbs in the pasta is more than the amount in the lettuce.

If you eat 100g of pasta, you'll get more calories per serving than you will from lettuce.
China is a huge country with a huge population. 

It's not like they have a lot of resources, but they do have a huge amount of military strength.

China is also a very large country, with a large amount of natural resources, and a large number of people.  This means that they can easily hold out for a long time without having to fight a war.  They also have a very strong navy, which means they don't have to worry about being surrounded by enemy forces.
It's not self aware, it's aware of what it is doing. 

It's aware that it's doing a task, and it knows what it's supposed to do, but it doesn't know how to do it.
The US is the largest country in the world. 

It's not the only country, but it's the largest.  It's also the most populous country.
Your body produces stomach acid by using enzymes to break down the carbohydrates in your food.  These enzymes are called digestive enzymes.

When the enzymes break down a protein, they release a chemical called histamine.  This chemical causes the cells in your stomach to release histamine, which causes the pH in the stomach to drop.  When the pH drops too low, the cells start producing more gastric acid, which makes your stomach feel more acidic.  The parietal cells also produce and release bicarbonate ions in response to histamine release from the nearby ECLs, and so serve as a
The director is the first person credited in movies because they are the ones who actually make the film. 

Producers and actors are usually credited after the director, but sometimes the director is credited before the actors.
I think it's because the standard sneeze comes in packs of 2.
You can control what happens in your imagination, but you can't control how it happens. 

Imagine you have a dream, and you wake up in the middle of the night, and the next day you dream that you are in a dream world.

Your imagination is a part of your brain, just like your dreams are.  You can control how you dream, but not what happens to you in your dreams.
They measure the speed of the car by measuring the movement of the air around the car.

The car has a sensor that measures the speed. 

It measures how fast the air is moving, and uses that to calculate the car's speed.
PayPal is a peer-to-peer payment system that allows you to send and receive money in exchange for a fee. 

It works by allowing you to pay for goods and services with your credit card.  You can pay for things like auctions on eBay, or donate money to charities, or send money to people who need it.

PayPal charges a fee for processing the transactions.  It's not a bank, it's a payment processor.  The fee is based on the amount of money you send and the amount you receive.  If you send $10,000 to a charity
I'm not a meteorologist, but I can give you a few tips.

1. If you don't know what the weather is going to be like today, check the weather forecast. 

2. If it's going to rain, go to the weather station and ask them what the forecast is for the day.
It's called [plantar fasciitis](_URL_0_) and it's caused by the nerves in your feet being too close to the ground. 

When you're walking on hot coals, you're putting a lot of pressure on your feet, which causes them to get burned.
Most of the energy in the fireball is wasted in the upward travelling fireball. 

The rest of the time, the energy is used to heat up the air around the bomb, which is what causes the mushroom cloud.
The new Miller puncture can actually do two things. 

1. It causes the blood vessels in the skin to constrict, which allows the blood to flow out of the wound.

2. It stops the bleeding, which is a good thing.
We don't get caustic burns from lye. Lye is an irritant, but it doesn't burn your skin.

If you eat pretzels that have been dipped in lye, you will get a burn.
It's because the operating system is designed to run 16 bit programs. 64 bit programs are designed to be 64bit and run 16bit applications.
Air to Air refuelling is cheaper than regular airlines because they don't have to pay for the fuel. 

Commercial airlines have to do it because they have to.  They don't want to have to spend money on fuel when they can save money by using Air to Air.
A computer can generate a random number, but it needs to be very good at it.

A computer needs to generate a sequence of numbers at a rate of hundreds or perhaps thousands per second. 

It's not that hard to do, it's just that you need to be able to keep track of how many times the number is generated, and how long it takes for each number to be generated.
Magnet links are a type of magnet. 

A magnet is a magnet that has a strong magnetic field.  The magnetic field is generated by the magnetic field of the material it's made of.

When you have a magnet, the field is created by a magnetic field between two points.  These points are called domains.  Each point has a different magnetic moment.  If you put a magnet in the middle of a field, it will have a different magnetization.  But if you put the magnet in a hole, the magnet will have two different magnetizations.  This is called a
It's not simply using the electricity that is already on standby.

It's using the power that's already generated. 

Think of it like this:

Imagine you have a battery in your car.  You have a car that is constantly running.  When you turn the car off, the battery dies.  So you have to turn it back on.  If you don't turn it on, the car will die.  The battery will die, and the car won't be able to run anymore.  This means that you need more power to keep the car running, so you
Dental records can be compared to dental records. 

The dental records are kept by dentists and dental hygienists.  They can compare the teeth to the dental records of other people who died in the same way.  If they match the teeth, they can identify the person.
Our immune system stores information in the form of proteins called antigens. Antigens are proteins that are found on the surface of bacteria, viruses, and other organisms. 

Antigens can be stored in a number of different ways, but the most common way is that they are stored in proteins called cytokines. These cytokines are molecules that are produced by your immune cells and they are released when they detect a foreign substance. They are released by your body's own immune cells, which are called T cells. These T cells are sent to the site of the infection to help repair or repair the
It would be possible, but it would be very expensive and would require a lot of power. 

The problem is that you would need to be able to transmit the energy to the battery in the same way that you transmit power to your computer.  You would need a transmitter and a receiver.  The transmitter would have to be on the same wire as the battery, and the receiver would have a coil of conductive wire between it and the battery.
DNA is made up of two strands of nucleotides, A and G. 

RNA is made of RNA, which is a molecule of RNA.

DNA is double-stranded, meaning that the two strands run in opposite directions, and the 3' end of each strand is opposite to the 5' end.
We didn't invent math or discover it. We just learned it. 

Mathematics has been around for thousands of years, but we didn't discover it until the 17th century.

The Pythagoreans were a group of mathematicians who were famous for their work in Euclid's Elements. They were the first mathematicians to realize that numbers are numbers, and that they could be used to calculate things like length, volume, and power. They also figured out how to divide by 2, and then they figured out that if you divide by two, you can multiply by 2.
It's not that the banks didn't pay off the loans, it's that they didn't make enough money to cover the interest on the loans. 

If you're asking why the government bailed out the banks, the answer is because they were the ones making the bad loans, not the citizens.
We don't know. 

We know that there is a natural cycle, but we don't really know which "side" has more objective scientists.
The strong law of large numbers is the law that says that if you have a large number, you can't change it. 

The weak law is that you can change the size of a number, but not the shape of the number.
Hash functions.

Let's say you have a list of numbers.  

1:

2:
3:
4:
5:
6:
7:
8:
9:
10:
11:
12:
13:
14:
15:
16:
17:
18:
19:
20:
21:
22:
23:
24:
25:
28:
29:
30:
31:
32:
33:
34:
35:
36:
37:
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it has to do with submechanophobia and/or fear of water.

If you have a phobia of water, it's because you're afraid of the water coming out of the drain. If you're scared of water coming from the drain, it could be because you are afraid that the water will come out the other end of the pipe.
Barcodes are a series of alternating dark and light stripes that can be read by an optical scanner.  They are stored as a sequence of black and white bars varying in width, which when read by laser, are converted into a digital sequence, which according to fixed rules can be converted into decimal number or other data. 

The barcode is stored in a special type of chip called a CUSIP.  It's a special chip that can read the barcode and convert it into a number.  The barcode can also be read using RFID (Radio Frequency Identification) chips, which can
It's a combination of many things. 

1. Your brain recognizes patterns in the music.

2. It recognizes the timbre, tonal and rhythmic features of the music, which is what makes it different from other music.
Coughing is a reflex. The muscles in your throat contract to push air out of your lungs. When you cough, the muscles in the larynx contract, and the muscles of the trachea contract, the air is forced out of the lungs and into your throat.
When you sleep, your brain is in REM sleep, which is a state of deep sleep. Your body is in a deep sleep, so it is not able to regulate your body temperature as well as it does when you are awake. 

When you wake up, your body is still in the deep sleep state, so your body doesn't have the same ability to regulate its temperature as it did when you were awake.
When you sleep, your eyes dilate, which causes the blood vessels under your eyes to constrict. When you are tired, your body doesn't have enough blood to dilate the vessels, so the blood is not able to get to your eyes. This causes them to get darker.
The moon orbits in the equatorial plane of the solar system, and the moon's gravity pulls the asteroid into an elliptical orbit around the earth.  

The moon has a very strong gravitational pull on the asteroid.  If the asteroid were to collide with the moon, it would be pulled out of its orbit and into the earth's gravity.  The moon would then be able to pull the asteroid out of the Earth's gravity field and into its own gravity field.

If the moon is too far away for the asteroid to hit, then it would have to be caught by a spacecraft.
It's not that China is ruining the global economy, it's that they are destroying it. 

China is the world's second largest economy, after the US.  The US is the largest economy.  China is the second biggest economy after the UK.

The problem with China is that they have a huge amount of debt.  They have a lot of debt, which means that they can't pay their bills, so they have to borrow money from other countries.  This is bad for the world economy because it means that other countries will have to pay more for their goods and services.
A guitar/bass amp, pre-amp, head, and PA. 

A preamp is the head of the guitar.  It's the one that controls the pickups.  The head is the thing that connects the guitar to the amp.  A preamplifier is the part of the amp that connects to the head.

The head is what connects the preamp to the amplifier.  There are different types of preamps and head.  Some preamps are more powerful than others, and some are less powerful.  For example, the Ampeg SVT8-PRO amp
Film has a longer exposure time than digital cameras, which means that it takes longer to take a picture.  

Also, film has a higher dynamic range, which allows for more detail to be captured.  Digital cameras have a lower dynamic range.  This means that you can't capture as much detail as you can with a digital camera.
If every driver suddenly decided to always drive safely under the speed limit, how much would that affect the funding of police departments if they couldn't issue tickets?
Our eyes have a concave retina, which allows more light to pass through them.

When you look at a picture through a camera lens, you're looking at the image through the lens, not through your eyes.
Hotep is a web browser.  It's a browser that allows you to access the internet.  

Hotep has a lot of features like:

_URL_0_
F-16s are designed to fly at supersonic speeds. 

They have a very long nose cone and canards to keep the air out of the way of the engines.

The exhaust from the F-16's turbofan engine is much quieter than the exhaust from other jet aircraft.
Your brain works the other way when you're playing video games.  Your brain is used to looking at the screen, and your eyes are used to focusing on what's going on around you.

Your roommate's brain is more used to seeing the world in front of them.  When you look at your screen, your brain is looking at what's happening around you, and you're not paying attention to the world around you because you're focused on the screen.
Heat therapy works by increasing blood flow to the muscle, which causes it to contract. 

Cold therapy is used to reduce the amount of blood flowing to the injured area, which increases blood flow and allows the muscles to heal.
There are no expert marketers who sign off on them. 

The people who make the commercials are paid by the advertiser to make sure that the ad is good.
It's not so much that they are rising amonst young people, it's that they're rising in the middle class. 

In Germany, the Nazis were the ruling party, and they were in power for a long time.

The rise of the National Socialist party is a direct result of the collapse of the Soviet Union and the rise of capitalism in the west.  The USSR was a socialist country, and the US was a capitalist country.  
 
In the early 20th century, the USSR was experiencing a period of economic collapse, and a lot of people were struggling to
A kei car is a car that is small enough that it can be driven by a single person. 

In Japan, there are a lot of people who like to drive small cars, so the government decided to create a category for them.

The rules were set by the government in 1949 to encourage people to build kei cars.  They were originally limited to a maximum engine size of 660cc, but the government relaxed the rules in the 1950s and 1960s to allow more manufacturers to make them.  In the 1970s and 1980s, the rules were relaxed again, allowing more manufacturers
Linux has a lot more features that make it easier to install than Windows. 

For example, there are a lot of things you can do in Linux that you can't do in Windows, such as:

1. You don't need to install all of the windows files.

2. You can install windows files directly from the source file, and not have to go through the installation process. 


3. There is no need for you to download and install a bunch of windows files, and you don't have to do that in Linux.


4. There are many things
I think it's because of the size of the speaker enclosure. 

Bass is a very low frequency sound, so you need a very large speaker to be able to reproduce it accurately.

Also, you need to make sure that the enclosure is strong enough to handle the low frequencies.
I think it's because she's used to seeing other dogs on tv.  She's not used to being around other dogs.  

_URL_0_
The federal government has the power to regulate interstate commerce, but the states have the right to set their own laws. 

If the federal government wants to regulate something, they can do so, but they can't force the state to do it.
Your CPU is doing a lot of things at once. 

CPUs are designed to be very fast, but they are also very slow.  When you have 50% of the CPU being used, the rest of the computer is sitting idle, waiting for the CPU to do something else.  This is called a stall.

When the CPU is idle, it's because it's waiting for something else to do.  It's like when you're waiting for a piece of paper to go through the mail.  The computer is waiting for it to get to the mail, but it's sitting idle
They are called "chem trails" and they are caused by the condensation of water droplets in the air. 

They are not the result of a meteorite hitting the earth, they are a result of water condensation in the atmosphere.

_URL_0_
We have a hardier stomach than other animals. 

Chocolate and avacados are not hardier than other foods.  They are just more dense and require more energy to digest.
We capitalize "I" because it's the first person singular pronoun. "A" is the second person singular.

"I" and "a" are the same pronoun, but we capitalize "i" when we use them together.
Magnetic connectors are more fragile than metal ones. 

Magnetism is a way for things to be magnetized, but it's also a way to make them more resistant to damage.

The reason we still use them is because they are more durable than metal.  They are also stronger than magnets, so they can withstand more abuse.
Internet Explorer has been around for a long time. 

It's been around since the 90s, and has been the dominant browser for most of that time.

There are a lot of reasons for it to be inferior to other browsers, but the main ones are:

_URL_0_

1. It's slow

2. It doesn't support CSS

3. It uses Trident, which is a very slow rendering engine

4. It does not support vector graphics

5. It has a huge number of bugs

6. It is slow
Rabies is not a species specific disease. It is a virus that can be passed from one animal to another. 

Dogs are the main source of rabies, but they are not the only ones that can transmit it to humans.

Monkeys, raccoons, foxes, skunks, and cats are also known to transmit rabies to humans, but the majority of cases are caused by dogs.
Most people don't become homeless as a result of large medical bills.  They become homeless because they can't afford to pay for medical care.  

If you are homeless because of a medical issue, you are not going to be able to afford medical care, so you are going to end up homeless.
Tattoo ink is embedded in the skin. 

Your skin cells are constantly dying and being replaced.  When you get a tattoo, the ink is still embedded in your skin, but it's in a deeper layer of the skin called the dermis.  This is the part of your skin that is constantly being replaced by new skin cells.
I'm not sure what you mean by ridiculous in price, but I think it has something to do with the fact that it's a textbook. 

A lot of the time, it's because the university doesn't have enough money to cover the cost of the materials themselves, so they have to charge a lot of money to get the materials they need.

For example, if you want to take a biology course, you need to buy a textbook for $100, but you don't have $100 to pay for the materials. So you have to pay $100 for a textbook, and then you
When you tilt your phone, the light from the raindrops hits the screen and bounces off of it. The light bounces off the back of the phone and bounces around inside the phone, causing the dots to change colors.
Deaf people use sign language to communicate with each other.  They can't hear, but they can understand each other, so they can communicate through sign language.  

If you want to know how deaf people communicate, you need to look at this video:

_URL_0_
Florida and California are major producers of orange's. 

Brazil is a major producer of oranges as well.
Your body produces a hormone called melatonin. Melatonin is a hormone that makes you feel tired and sleepy. When you wake up in the middle of the night, your body releases melatonin, which causes you to feel groggy and groggy.
A page is a fixed-length contiguous block of physical memory.

A page frame is the same thing, but it's stored in a different format. 

The page frame contains the address of a page, and the page table contains the index to that page.  The page table keeps track of where the virtual pages are stored in the physical memory, while the page frame keeps track where the physical pages are.
Neosporin and hydrogen peroxide don't work. 

The stinging doesn't mean that the wound is infected.  It means that the chemical is irritating your skin.

Hydrogen peroxide is an antiseptic, but it doesn't work as well as other antiseptics.  If it stings after cleaning, it's because it's irritating to your skin, not because it is working.
I'm not sure if this is true, but I've seen it happen in other countries. 

In the UK, you have to have a valid photo ID to buy alcohol.  If you don't have one, they will ask you to show them your ID.
I think it's because of the time of day. 

Radio is broadcast on the same frequency as the airwaves we use for TV and radio.

When you're listening to a radio station, you're hearing the radio waves coming from the other side of the world.  If you're tuning in to a station in the middle of the night, you can't hear it because the signal is coming from a different part of the earth.  So if you are listening to the radio at the same time as a TV station, the signal will come from the same place, but it will be coming
It's not that it's collecting dust, it's that the blades are so close to the walls that they're constantly touching the dust particles.
Fusion is the fusion of hydrogen and helium. 

Fusion occurs when two plasmoids collide head-on and collide, creating a plasma of plasma.  The plasma is heated up to a certain temperature, and the energy is used to create a generator.  This generates heat, which is then used to power the generator.

The problem is that fusion is a very slow process.  It takes a long time for the plasma to heat up to the point where it can be turned into electricity.  When it does, it takes a lot of energy to heat it up to that temperature,
When you're cold, the blood vessels in your ears constrict, causing your ears to feel cold. 

When your ears are exposed to cold air, the capillaries in your sinuses constrict and then experience extreme rebound dilation as they warm up again.
It would be like a bank run.  

Banks have a system called fractional reserve banking.  If you withdraw all of your money from your bank accounts, the money will go to the reserve bank, which is the central bank.  The reserve bank is the bank that holds your money.  They will then give it back to you.

If you don't withdraw all your money, the reserves will not be enough to cover your needs.  So you will have to go to your local bank and ask them to let you withdraw your money and they will let you do it.
It's a myth. 

The potato is not native to Latvia.  It was introduced to the country by the Spanish in the 16th century.
Electrolytes are electrolytes.  They are substances that are dissolved in water.  When water is dissolved in electrolyte solution, it dissociates into ions.  These ions have a higher charge than water, so they can conduct electricity.

When you drink electrolyte, you are drinking water that has a higher concentration of electrolytes than the water in the solution.  This means that the water has a lower charge than the electrolyte.  The difference in charge between the water and electrolyte causes the water to have a lower pH, which means that it is more likely to be alkaline
Watermelon and cantaloupe are both fruits of the same genus. They are in the same family, the Apiaceae.

Watermelons are a type of melon. Cantaloupes are part of the family Cucumberaceae. 

The reason they are different in taste is because they have different types of seeds. The seeds of watermelons have a different chemical makeup than the seeds of cantalopes.
A primary source is a person with direct knowledge of a situation, or a document written by such a person. 

A secondary source is something that is written down by someone who knows something about the situation.  For example, a diary or a diary.

Tertiary sources are written accounts of history.  These are written by people who know something about a specific event.  They may be written down in a diary, or in a book, or they may be published in a journal.  If they are written down, they are secondary sources.
The judge allowed the judge to unseal the documents because they are public records. 

The judge was allowed to release the deposition because it is public record, and because the deposition was part of a civil suit against Cosby.  The deposition was a deposition that Cosby gave under oath.  He was under oath to incriminate himself, and he was required to testify under oath that he did not have sex with any of the women.

He was also allowed to cross-examine the other accusers, because they have the right to cross examine him.  They are allowed to do this under oath because
Your body has a circadian rhythm. It's the time when most humans and animals experience what's called a post-prandial dip or low ebb. When you're tired, your body goes into a sleep cycle that causes you to feel groggy and groggy.
I think it has to do with the fact that the drummers are playing in unison with the rest of the band. 

When you have a large group of drummers playing together, they are all playing at the same time.  They are not playing the same beat.  
 
The drums are playing at different times.  The drummers don't have to play the same rhythm, they can play different parts of the same song.  If they are playing different parts, they don't need to follow each other.
Hydraulic fluid is based on mineral oil or water.

It is made up of hydrocarbons (oil, water, etc) which have a high amount of hydrostatic pressure. This means that they can hold up a lot more weight than other fluids. 

The reason this is the case is because of the fact that they have a higher pressure than other liquids.  When you pump water into a pump, the pressure in the pump increases, which causes the water to push against the piston, which in turn pushes the oil out of the way.  This causes the piston to push the oil
It's called photic sneezing. It's caused by a defect in the trigeminal nerve in your nose. When you sneeze, the nerve that causes it to fire sends a signal to your brain saying "hey, I need to go to the bathroom" and your brain interprets that signal as a "you're about to sneez" signal.
It's just a coincidence. 

12 and 13 are in the middle of the number range, so they are between 12 and 20.

13 and 14 are in between 11 and 12, so 12 and 13 aren't the same as 12 and 14.
The pinky finger is the most dexterous part of your hand. It is the one that is used to move things with the most force, and it is also the one with the least dexterity. 

It is also one of the most sensitive parts of your body, so when you touch something with it, you are more likely to touch it with your whole hand, which is why it is so important.
I think we're just now noticing it due to increased information availability. 

In the past, there was a time when the government and the business world were very separate entities.  The government was in charge of the economy, and the businesses were in the service industry.

Now, there is a lot of overlap between the two.  There are a lot more people working for the government, and there are many more people who work for the business.  This means that there is more competition for jobs, and more competition in the economy.  It's not just the government that is competing with the
Plants can grow under concrete and other hard surfaces because they have a higher pressure than the surrounding soil. 

They can also grow at a higher rate than the soil, so they can penetrate deeper into the soil.

As for why they can't grow through asphalt or concrete, it's because the soil is too soft for their roots to penetrate.
It's a federal crime, not a state crime. 

The nun was convicted of trespassing on a federal property, which is a federal offense.  The guy who beat up the Giants fan was convicted in a state court.  He was sentenced to 4 years in prison.
There was a proposal to create an international day for fathers to be recognized on the third Sunday in June, but it was defeated by Congress. 

There is also a day for mothers to be celebrated on the second Sunday in May, but that is not a national holiday.
It's a cultural thing. 

Pale skin used to be associated with the sun-exposed manual labor of the lower class, but since the mid-20th century it has become more fashionable and healthier than before, with sun tanning becoming fashionable.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it has to do with spamming. 

When you go to a website like ESPN, they have a list of things they want you to click on.  They want to get your attention.  If you click on a link, they will show you a page with a bunch of links to other websites.  You click on one of those links, and it will go to the top of the page.

If you click a link to another website, it will show up at the bottom of that page.  This is because they
They don't have a battery, they use a capacitor circuit to keep the time.

When the battery dies, the clock stops working, but the capacitor is still connected to the power supply.
They don't learn to walk again, they learn to control their limbs. 

They learn to use their muscles to control the way they move.

It's like how you learn to drive a car. You have a set of muscles in your legs that control the steering wheel, and you use them to drive the car. When you get hit by a car, those muscles atrophy and you can't use them anymore. So you have to learn how to control them again.
I think it's a cultural thing. 

In India and Asia, there are a lot of people who don't like to be bothered by the sound of their own horn, so they don't use theirs.
It depends on what you mean by "live off the system".

If you mean "live without the government", then you mean that you don't have to pay taxes.

You can live off the government, but you can't live off of it.
Duck is a word that comes from the Old English word "duck" which means "water".

"Duck" is also used as a noun in the English language.

Duck means "to duck" in German, which is why it's used in the Germanic languages.
They know where to take away the material because they know where it is. 

Fossils are covered in a layer of organic matter called lignin.  Lignin is the stuff that holds the fossil together.  When you expose a fossil, you are removing a lot of it.
When you're asleep, your brain goes through a process called REM (Rapid Eye Movement (REM) which is a stage of sleep during which your brain is most active. 

REM is a period of sleep when your brain sends out a lot of signals to your brain telling it to do things that it normally wouldn't do.

During this time, the brain is sending out signals to various parts of the brain telling them to do certain things.  These signals are sent to different parts of your brain at different times.  When you're lucid dreaming, these signals are all sent at the same time
Alcohol causes your brain to send signals to your vestibular system, which tells your brain that your body is moving. Your brain interprets these signals as nausea, which causes you to vomit.
It's not so much that it has to go so fast to leave Earth, it's that it needs to get out of Earth's gravity well before it can use up all of its fuel. 

If you want to go to the moon, you need to get to an orbit where you can use all of your fuel.

But if you're going to go far enough away that you can't use all your fuel, you have to use up a lot of it.  If you're trying to go fast enough that you don't need to use any of it, then you'll need to burn
I think it's because baseball is a very physical sport. There is only so much conditioning that one can do to obtain an edge without inducing injury. 

In other sports, there is no such thing as a physical advantage.
The magnetic poles are created by convection currents in the earth's outer core. The earth's magnetic field is created by the movement of molten iron in the outer core, which is constantly moving.
They were protected by sealing the document in glass. 

The Constitution and the Bill of Rights were encased in glass, and the seals were made of metal.
It is legal to buy old vinyl from record stores and thrift shops.

It is illegal to buy it online.
The Open Internet Preservation Act (OIPA) is a piece of legislation passed by Congress in 1996 that says that the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) must treat all content on the internet as equal. 

The idea behind it is that the internet should be an open internet, where everyone can use the internet to access whatever content they want, without having to pay for it.

This means that if you want to watch a movie, you can watch it on Netflix, but you can't watch it if you don't have a Netflix account. 


The OIPA was passed in order
I'm not sure what you're talking about. 

When you swipe a credit card, the machine says "accepted" or "declined".

If you swipe it, it says "no".  If you swipe it again, you get a "yes" or a "no" response.

The machine then sends a message to your bank saying "this is not approved".  Your bank then sends you a message saying "we're sorry, we can't process this transaction".  The merchant then says "okay, we'll process it."

Your bank sends you
The phrase "one nation, under God" was originally added to the Pledge of Allegiance to distinguish the United States from the state atheism promoted by Marxist-Leninist countries, a view that led to support for the words "under God" to be added in the pledge.
Your nipples have a network of nerve endings that are densely packed around the areolar region. When you are aroused, these nerve endings fire, and cause your body to contract, which causes your nipples to become erect. 

When you are not aroused, the nerve endings don't fire, so they don't get stimulated.
They don't. 

The studios pay the theaters for the rights to show the movie in theaters.  They also pay for the production of the film.  Theaters have to pay the studios for rights to distribute the movie.  If they don't have the money to pay for that, they can't release it.

Also, the studios don't get to keep all of the profits from the movie, they have to sell it to other studios.
A lockout is when a group of workers are locked out of their jobs because the union is trying to force the company to agree to a certain set of conditions. 

A lockout is when the company doesn't want to pay a certain amount of money to the union, and the union isn't willing to accept it.

Tagout is a similar thing, but it's not as common.
I think it's because it's ingrained in our instincts to find a mate and pass on our genes.
When you flex a muscle, you are increasing the amount of force being applied to the muscle. 

When you stretch the muscle, the tension in the muscle is increased, and the muscle contractions are stronger.

This is because the muscles are made of proteins called titin.  When you stretch them, they contract, and this causes the proteins to contract.  This is why you can feel the difference between a muscle being stretched and a muscle not being stretched.
Taxation is theft. 

It's not a philosophical argument so much as it's a practical one.

Taxing is theft because it means that the government is taking from people what they already own.  If you own a house, you don't have to pay taxes on it.  You can sell it to someone else for a profit, but you can't take it from someone else.
I think it has to do with the way the music industry is structured.  Rock and jazz musicians have a lot more control over their own careers than rappers and electronic music producers.  If you want to make a record, you have to get a deal with a major label.  You can't just start your own label because you don't want to lose money.  

If you're trying to make an album, you need to get signed to a label that will allow you to get the rights to the music you want.  That means you need a contract with a record label that allows you to
I'm not sure what you mean by "mean" or "mode".

A mean is a measure of how much a person has changed in the past year.

Mode is the measure of the change in the number of times the person has done something. 

For example, if you have a bunch of people in a room, and you want to know how many of them have done something in the last year, you can calculate the mean of all the times they have done it. If you have 100 people in the room, the mean is how many times they did it, and the mode
Laser weapons emit energy in an aimed direction without the means of a projectile. 

The photon gun in Star Trek is a raygun.  The photon gun emits energy in the direction it is aimed at.  It can be used to stun or kill people.

A phaser is a weapon that emits light in the opposite direction of the direction of its intended use.  This is why the phaser in the original Star Trek was used to "stun" or "kill".  The phaser can also be used as a shock gun.  In Star Trek, the photon gun is used
It's not that there are no male options, it's just that there aren't many male options. 

There are a lot of female options, but they're not as easy to use as male ones.
Yes, if you don't eat a whole lot, you will get full faster and have less of an appetite than somebody who eats more. 

But if you do eat a lot, your body will be able to absorb more calories than if you eat less.
The baby boomer generation was the first generation to have a lot of disposable income.  They were the first to be able to own their own homes, own cars, own land, own businesses, and own land.  

They were also the first generations to have children.  The baby boom was a time when there was a huge increase in the number of people in the workforce.  This meant that there was more demand for goods and services than there was supply.

As a result, the demand for these things increased, and the supply of these things decreased.  As a result of this
The Xbox One is much larger, with a power brick yet is slightly outperformed by a smaller PS4 with no power brick?
Your body doesn't use up its fat reserves before it gets hungry and dizzy. 

When you eat, your body releases a hormone called leptin, which is a hormone that tells your brain that you need to eat.  When you don't have enough leptin, you get hungry, and your body starts to release insulin, which tells your body that it's time to use up your fat reserves.

If you eat too much, you'll get dehydrated, and you'll start to feel like you're going to pass out.
When you run a lean burn engine, you are increasing the amount of air in the intake and exhaust. This causes the air to flow faster, which causes the combustion chamber to burn more efficiently. 

When the engine is running at higher RPMs, the air is being pushed out of the intake/exhaust at a higher rate than it's being pushed in. This means that the exhaust is being forced out at a faster rate than the intake, which results in the engine backfiring.
Your hands and feet have a lot of cuticles that protect them from the water. 

When you shower, the water evaporates off of your skin, leaving the rest of your body exposed to the elements.  This causes the cuticles to dry out, which causes the skin to prune.
It's called the "self-discharge rate". 

Batteries are made up of a bunch of different types of metal cells.  Each cell has its own charge capacity.  When the battery is fully charged, it will start to "reverse charge" as the other cells continue to draw more energy from the battery.  This means that the cell with the lowest capacity will lose more energy than the one with the highest capacity.

When the battery reaches 1% of its original capacity, it stops drawing energy.  It's called "self discharge".  This happens because the cells in the
Bosnia and Herzegovina is a small country in the middle of Europe. It's mostly populated by Bosniaks and Croats. 

In the early 1990s, the Bosnian Serbs (the majority of the population) wanted to join Serbia, but were opposed to the idea. The Bosnian Muslims (the minority population) didn't want to be part of Serbia and wanted to stay in their own country.

The Bosnian government, led by Josip Broz Tito, wanted to split the country into two parts, one for Bosnian and one for Croat.
We can create a species by breeding a lion with a tiger, but we can't breed a monkey with a lion.

Lions and tigers have a lot of genetic differences that make them incompatible with each other. 

Monkeys, on the other hand, don't have any genetic differences between them, so they can't be bred.
When you hyperventilate, your diaphragm expands too quickly, causing your heart rate to rise and your blood pressure to drop. This causes your lungs to fill with carbon dioxide, which causes you to feel like you need to breathe more.

When you breathe into a paper bag, the air in the bag is not filled with CO2, it's filled with helium, which is a low density inert gas. This means that it doesn't fill your lungs as much as it does with oxygen, so you don't feel the need to take as many deep breaths.
The planets in our solar system are ellipsoids due to gravity. 

The reason they appear to be spheres is because of the way they orbit the sun.

When a planet orbits the sun, it is due to the centrifugal force of the earth's gravity pulling it towards the center of its orbit.  This causes the planet's orbit to be elliptical, which is why it appears to be a sphere.
I think it has to do with the fact that the African-American population in the US was heavily concentrated in the South, and they had a lot less access to education, so they were less likely to go to school. 

Also, there was a lot of discrimination against them because of their skin color, which is why they didn't get the same opportunities as white people.

I don't know about you, but I grew up in New York City, and I can tell you that I was a black kid in the 70s and 80s. I went to a public high school, and
I'm not a lock picker, but I do know how to open locks. 

The easiest way to do this is to use a key with a side-wedge, which is basically a piece of metal that sticks out of the lock.

If you have a lock that has a side wedge, you can use a screwdriver to push the end of the screwdriver through the side wiggle, and you'll be able to get the key out.
Ebola is a virus that is transmitted through bodily fluids.  It can be transmitted through direct contact with bodily fluids, but it can also be transmitted by the air.

Nurses are not immune to the virus, so they are immune to it.  This is why they were able to survive.
The operating system is a set of instructions that are given to the computer by the hardware. 

When you boot up a computer, the computer has a "bootloader" which is a program that loads all of the files that are needed to start the computer up.

The bootloader is the program that tells the computer what it needs to do to start up the computer, and it does so by reading from the built-in diskette drive and loading it into memory. This is called the "boot sequence".

If you're not familiar with the boot sequence, it's basically like this:
The Queen is the head of state. She is the Queen of the United Kingdom. 

She is the wife of the Prince of Wales.  She is also the Queen consort of the UK.  The Queen is a member of the House of Commons, which is the upper house of Parliament.  It is the body that decides who is to be the next monarch.  There is no direct line of succession to the throne, but there is a process by which the Queen chooses her successor.  This process is called the "Crown Succession Process".

The succession process is based on the