The team discussed the amount of data they have collected and the progress they have made on transcribing the overlapping zone. The team also discussed the potential collaboration with Lokendra and other research areas that they are thinking about.
The team agreed that it would be helpful to have a subset of the meeting participants' voices transcribed from different microphones to allow the team to distinguish between overlapping and non-overlapping speech. The team also wanted to know how much overlap there was in the overlapping zone and how much was caused by speakers talking at different levels of the room.
PhD D informed the team that she had transcribed one thousand acoustic events in twelve minutes. The team thought that there were seventy-five overlaps in that time. The professor asked how many overlaps were in the overlapping zone, the period where three speaker or more are talking together. PhD D thought that it was clear that if they wanted to find all the places where there were overlap, it was probably better to use a distant mike.
The team is recording a significant chunk of the front-end issues of the meeting data. The total number of meetings recorded so far is about 12 hours. The team has transcribed a forty-five-minute chunk of data that Jane transcribed and is sending it to IBM for comparison. The amount of data collected so far has been about twelve hours, and the team is aiming to collect fifty or sixty hours of data a week.
The team was starting to collect data from meeting meetings. The amount of data collected so far is predominantly meeting meetings, but there are scattered other meetings in it and that amount is expected to grow. The team will start recording more meetings in the coming weeks to collect more data. There is a network services and applications group here who has agreed to have their meetings recorded.
This meeting was about the conceptual design of the remote control. First, Industrial Designer gave a presentation about component design and it was brought to the team's attention that they may be somewhat limited as to what they can do because of what their manufacturer offered. Then, User Interface presented on the basic look and feel of remote control and they agreed to stick with the same basic non-remote kind of remote design. Next, the team discussed the material that they were going to use for the case and all those things. They agreed to use rubber as part of the case. Finally, they discussed the cost of the touch screen and found that
Marketing presented on the conceptual design of the remote control. The remote control would be slightly larger than a regular iPod with a hard cla cla c plastic casing, a round remote control that looked like a paperweight or something like that, and a sleek little neat thing that sits on the table or something. It would have go-to buttons being stuck into the system so those didn't move away from the screen, important ones like power, volume and jump between channels, and of course the use of recognisable colours and shapes to aid recognition of the features that were around so red for power, arrows for different volume ups
Industrial Design agreed with the Marketing that they needed to escape the traditional shape of a remote control and have a round remote control that looked nice on a table, even though it could be hand-held at the same time. The Marketing also suggested that they could use a material like rubber as part of the case because it was more durable and durable than surgical white kind of brushed aluminium.
The User Interface suggested that they could get away from the idea of having a hand-held remote control and have a round remote control that looked like a paperweight or something like that, kind of a sleek little neat thing that sits on the table or something. They could also add in some special components like blocking, having the ability to block channels from children and dedicated buttons for commonly used channels and even ideas like secured or hidden programming.
Marketing thought that the touch screen was the most marketable feature because it was new and it was something that was showing up in other places. However, Project Manager thought that they should not completely rule out major functions because the majority of people were only using the most primary functions on a daily basis and they should be secondary, at least if not functionally then visually. Industrial Designer thought they could incorporate some special components, like blocking, having the ability to block channels from children and dedicated buttons for commonly used channels and even ideas like secured or hidden programming.
The Marketing thought that the touch screen was the most marketable feature of the remote control because it was new and it was something that was showing up in other places. However, the Project Manager thought that it would be a main cost source and that they could not afford it under the limitation of the budget.
The Industrial Design thought that a round remote control would look nice on a table even though it could be hand-held at the same time. However, the User Interface thought that it would not be a good idea because it would be hard to get away from the traditional shape of a remote control.
This was the first meeting of the new remote control project. Project Manager started the meeting with a general plan for the project how they were going to go about accomplishing this and a bit of discussion close up. Then, the team got acquainted with each other and started discussing the basic function of the remote control. After that, they discussed the trade-offs between size and functionality. The team agreed that the remote should be multifunctional but at the same time if it got to do too much, they would not be able to tell them apart. Finally, they agreed to design a remote with changeable faces like the
The Project Manager was not sold on the idea of selling a forty-five-Euro remote control for twenty-five Euros because he thought that it would be like selling forty bucks for a remote, which would have to do the laundry for him. However, he agreed to make a hundred percent profit on it if they could. The profit aim was to make fifty million Euros internationally.
The group agreed that they were building a stand-alone remote control, so they could not build it into other products. They wanted it to be multifunctional but at the same time if they got it to do too much, they would not be able to tell them apart. They also agreed that it should be a universal remote control that could control different formats like PAL, NTSC, PAL, etc.
The Project Manager thought that the appearance and the buttons of the remote control should be made of a nice material because so many of those remotes that were cheap and low quality were made out of cheap materials. He also suggested that the buttons should not be too crowded with buttons because it would be hard to tell them apart.
Industrial Designer thought that the appearance of the remote control should be paid due attention when discussing the user interface because so many of the universal remotes were cheap and low quality and the appearance design was important.
The Industrial Designer suggested that the team should come up with a nice and slick name for the remote control because so many of those remotes that they saw were cheap and low quality. Also, the team could design a locator device, maybe a simple button that you could have on the television to help you find the remote.
Marketing proposed that they should take ordinary stuff that nobody really thinks about and try to make it nice, like John Lewis nice or Debenham's nice. They should also make the remote control as fashionable as possible. Then, they should make it multifunctional but at the same time if they get it to do too much they're not able to tell them apart.
This was the second meeting of the team. Project Manager started the meeting by making the minutes of the first meeting. Then, Industrial Designer gave a presentation about the working of the remote control. User Interface then gave a short talk about the technical function design. After that, Marketing presented about the usability lab test with a hundred persons. The market share of the age group of forty plus was not very big. The group then discussed the conceptual design of the product. The team finally reached a consensus that the remote should only have basic operations like swapping channels and volume and power button and nothing much more. The remote control should only
Industrial Designer said that the remote control would be made of plastic and there would be a lot of wires to connect the components in it, the battery, and switches and things like that. There would also be a chip on the top of the device. The chip would send the information to all the sub-components and then it would send it to the infrared.
Project Manager asked Industrial Designer about the working of the remote control. The Industrial Designer answered that the cost would be a lot higher if they aimed for the younger people and there were a lot of features like LCD or the speech recognising. However, the Industrial Designer thought the LCD was cheaper than speech recognition because it was more cost-effective.
Industrial Designer thought that trendy people or like children could paint on the cover of the remote control and the children would think that this was their remote control. However, the team was not sure if it would make profit enough to justify the cost.
User Interface thought the technical function design was for a remote control to to have some influence on the TV set. The basic operations like on and off, and switching channels could be done by pushing a button on the remote. More functions could be added such as radio or a video recorder. However, User Interface was not sure if it would make profit enough to justify the cost.
Marketing gave a presentation about the market. The market share was of several groups. The first group was the younger age between 16 and 45. They were highly interested in the features and more critical on their money spending. The second group is the older age between 45 and 60. They are less interested in new features and spend their money more easily.
Marketing first gave a presentation about the market research results. According to the results, users disliked the look and feel of current remote controls and found it hard to learn how to use it. Users also found them hard to zap a lot. The market research also showed that younger users were more critical on their money spending and less interested in new features. Therefore, the team decided to make a basic remote control, just swapping channels and volume and power button and nothing much more. The team also discussed whether they should make a speech recognition on the remote control or a multifunctional one.
The team agreed that teletext was no longer necessary and only for the television. The team also agreed that the design of the remote control should be good looking and zap-friendly. They also agreed to make a menu with only one or two numbers and a menu button. Also, their corporate colour and slogan must be used for the design.
This was the functional design meeting. The main focus of this meeting was the presentations that each of the team members gave during the time. The team discussed the identification of the components of the remote control and how they work together with each other. After that, the team talked about the target group and functions of the new remote control. The target group would only be the fifteen to thirty-five age group and the function would be only the use for television. The group also discussed how to incorporate the latest features in the chip design, so that it would be compatible with most televisions. Finally, the meeting ended with a general discussion
Industrial Designer first gave a functional overview of the working design of the remote control. The remote control had an energy source at the heart which feeds into the chip and the user interface. The user interface communicates with the chip, and the chip then generates a response and takes the response to an infrared terminal, which then communicates to the remote site, which has an infrared receiver. The main functions would be switching on, switching off, changing to the next channel to flip through all all the possible channels, and also the volume is very important. Then, User Interface gave a working design presentation on the technical functions of remote control, including the identification of the components and how they work together with each other.
Project Manager thought that if they were using more advanced technology, it might increase the price of the remote control, so they needed to operate within the constraints.
Marketing suggested that the remote control could be equipped with a locator, like a mobile phone or a ring. The group agreed that it would be a good idea because it would solve the problem of having different noises when people were talking and it would prevent it from flipping channels while watching TV.
The group agreed that the remote control should be sleek, stylish, sophisticated, and minimalist. They also wanted it to be easy to use and to follow some conventions like whereabouts you find the on off button and maybe the colour tends to be red or something. The group also agreed that there should be a beeper button on the TV to let users know where the remote is. They wanted to keep the whole remote control small just like the physical size. They thought the buttons were still kind of the most easy for the user to use. They agreed that they could completely do away with buttons and have some kind of fancy user
Marketing thought that people of the fifteen to twenty-five year olds had a higher disposable income because they didn't have a mortgage, a life insurance policy, etc. They didn't normally have a car and all the things that a car would provide. However, the problem was whether people need it, whether they do have a TV to use its full. Project Manager thought it was not unaffordable, even for young people.
Marketing pointed out that ninety one point two percent of fifteen to twenty-five year olds would pay more for a voice recognition remote control. However, Project Manager doubted that voice recognition would have an implication for the technical specs because it would be quite limited if they were saying the main things people wanted to do was on off channel five. Also, the remote control was not that close to the television, so it would become very difficult from a distance for the television to understand what people were saying because of the noise factor for the remote.
This was the functional design meeting. First of all, User Interface gave a presentation about technical functions design. Then, Marketing presented the results of a survey on the use of remote controls. According to the results, people found the current remote controls ugly, not good-looking, and not easy to use. Also, the current facilities that they offered did not match what people really wanted to use their remote controls, so they should design something where some of the buttons which were those that were used should be easier to see and use than others that only a couple of people were using. Finally, Industrial Designer presented the working design of the
Marketing presented the results of a survey on the use of remote controls. First of all, users found the current remote controls ugly and not very good looking. Second, they found it hard to find the remote control. Third, the current facilities that they offered did not match what people really wanted to use their remote controls and most of the buttons were not used. Fourth, people were willing to pay for nice and look and fancy looking remote controls, so they should probably spend lots of time in and effort in that. Fifth, they should design something where some buttons which were those that were used should be easier to see and use than others that only a couple of people were using. Sixth, the power button was not used often because in general users used it only once per session
The power button was not used often because in general users used it only once per session, but it was very relevant. Channel selection was very important and people wanted to have control on volume. Audio settings, screen settings, even teletext and channel settings were not often used and they were more or less relevant. Also, teletext teletext was out of date now because of internet.
Marketing thought they should aim at the young people because they were those who might be more interested in a new device. Young people found teletext useless for them because they had other means of finding their information.
User Interface first gave a presentation about technical functions design. The basic function of remote control was sending a message to the device, like TV or VCR or DVD player. The remote control would have an energy source to do what to do the functions, like switch on, on and off, this processor and the user interface like the keypad and buttons. It would have a screen with a back light which could change colours. The user interface would have only few buttons and all the other things could be controlled through the screen. The power button was not used often because in general users used it only once per session
The user interface designer suggested that the remote control should only be a remote control, nothing more than this. It should be easy to find and find easily just by touch. The remote control could be made fully automatic, so that only buttons needed is on off, volume, channels and maybe some options or something else. It could also be equipped with a backlight which could change colours.
The group discussed how to select channels. The first idea they came up with was to have one switch to switch on, on, volume, channels and maybe some options or something else. Then, they discussed how they could make different modes for each button, like volume and decrease or increase. They decided to only recognise those words and only recognize those words. They also discussed whether they could put some display on numbers and then they could have this prompt volume and then it went.
The remote control would be a portable device which would send message to the main device like TV. It would have an interface with buttons, a screen with a backlight which could change colours, a processor which took care of all the functions and put it in some digital format. The main control in the main would be the infrared L-E-D source which sends the information to the infrared chip and then it would generate some information. There would be two nice features into the remote control, power on and off can be made fully automatic and speech recogniser can be implemented.
The group discussed the possibility of having speech recognition in the remote control, which was suggested by the User Interface and Industrial Designer. The User Interface suggested that they could have one switch to switch on, on and off, the main chip which controls power, volume and this part and the D-S-P, and a small digital signal processing chip so that the speech recogniser could be put on the chip. The group also discussed whether they should have volume and decrease or increase, and how they could also train speech recognisers for particular users.
The team agreed that the power on and off could be made fully automatic. However, it would be very expensive and the target was only twelve point five Euros. The team thought that speech recogniser could be implemented in the next step if they make it work.
The group discussed the current state of the belief-net project. The current state was that the vast majority of the nodes that they needed for the demo level they were thinking of were in there, and they had come across one or two more connections. The team was working on the parser, analyzer, and parser for general constructions. They also discussed the semantics of the model and how they could be further formalized. The group also talked about the possibility of using the SmartKom model for the model, and how it could be extended to other languages.
The group discussed the current state of the belief-net project. The current state was that the vast majority of the nodes that they needed for the demo level they were thinking of were in there, and they had come across one or two more connections. The team was working on the parser, analyzer, and parser for general constructions. They also discussed the semantics of the model and how they could be further formalized. The group also talked about the possibility of using the SmartKom model for the model, and how it could be extended to other languages.
The SmartKom system was designed for the gestural recognition running on a Siemens virtual touch screen, which was not compatible with the language. The system was not designed for speech recognition, so it was unable to recognize the difference between speech and non-speech utterances. It also failed to recognize non-English word orders, which led to problems with the parsing and the generation of syntactic trees.
The system would be involved in a series of demos in which it would be asked to give a sensible answer to a question that someone on the street would ask. The demos would be in German, English, and German.
After the demo, the team would shift gears to focus on the formalization of the belief-net. The goal was to get the parser, analyzer, and construction parser for general constructions into a working system.
This was the conceptual design meeting for remote control. First of all, Industrial Designer gave a presentation on the component concept, including the energy, the material and interface. Then, User Interface presented on the user interface design, including what kind of chip on print and one kind of case. Finally, Marketing presented on trends and suggested that the remote control should be fancy, technologically innovative and user-friendly.
The team discussed the energy, the material and interface of the remote control, the speech recognition chip, the buttons, the LCD display, the batteries, and the titanium material. They decided to use simple battery instead of solar cells and to go for titanium instead of rubber. They would use push buttons instead of LCD because it needed a simple chip and it was cheaper compared to LCD which needed advanced chip technology and was more expensive. They also wanted to use speech recognition technology instead of speech recognition because they wanted to reduce price on this technology and so that they could have enough space or enough money
The industrial designer recommended to use a simple battery instead of solar cells and to use titanium instead of rubber. He also suggested to use push buttons or liquid crystal LCD display.
The user interface designer proposed that the remote control could use a simple battery instead of solar cells or traditional solar cells and the material could have plastic, rubber or titanium. It could also use push buttons or liquid crystal LCD display instead of conventional solar cells. In addition, it could use some kind of programmable chip and could use microphone sensors.
User Interface first gave a broad concept of the interface, including the remote control with lots of buttons, the LCD screen with different colours, the backlight of the LCD display, buttons with different shapes, buttons in fruit and vegetable themes, and buttons in several colours. Then, the group discussed the technical specifications and how easy they could do and within their price range, like they were to in their twelve Euros or around that. Finally, User Interface proposed to make the remotes with just few buttons, quite low looking, and all this stuff they already discussed.
According to the marketing, there were two kinds of people. Those for which the remote control was to be useful and those for which was something that that was specific to them so it would be like a signature. The young people wanted to be different from their friends so they would be willing to pay more for that.
The marketing expert believed that the remote control should be able to record the kind of channels users are using and the levels of volumes that they're more often using. The remote control could also provide users with ways of using it.
Marketing introduced the three aspects of the market of remote controls. The first one was fancy, it had to have a fancy look and feel. The second one was technologically innovative. The third one was to be easy to use and it should be easy-to-use as a remote control. The team agreed that the remote control should have the look of fruit and vegetables and the shape should be spongy. They also agreed that they should have some kind of buttons and some themes like fruits or vegetables.
The marketing learned that the trends were quite the same in many areas and that this year things should have a fruit and vegetable way of look or feel. The marketing also learned that remote controls should be fancy, technologically innovative, and user-friendly. Moreover, the marketing believed that the remote control should have the look of fruit and vegetables and be easy to use.
The team agreed that the remote control should be spongy and fruity-like, with the appearance of fruit and vegetables. The team also agreed to use titanium as the material for the case, and to make the backlight of the LCD screen with different colours.
This was the final meeting of the detailed design meeting. First, User Interface presented the prototype of the remote control in the shape of a banana. Then, Marketing presented the evaluation criteria that they were going to be evaluating the new design against. After that, the team evaluated the whole process of production and design that they had been through. They gave a seven point scale to each feature of the new remote control, and gave it a one to seven. The team agreed that the product was very good, but they had to cut some things down because of the budget.
Marketing presented the evaluation criteria for the prototype of the new remote control. The team evaluated each feature of the remote control on a seven-point scale from one to seven. The average score for each feature was six, and the maximum score was seven. For each feature, the team gave the product a score of six. For example, the product was given a seven for ergonom ergonomic design and seven for being attractive to look at. The product was also given seven points for being technologically innovative and for being suitable for left-handed people.
Project Manager agreed with Marketing when assessing the criteria of matching the operating behaviour of the user because there were not always left-handed or all right-handers in a family. Right-handed people can normally do most things right-handed, so it was not such a big issue.
Industrial Designer thought it was intuitive because it was obvious how people were used to finding things and the scroll was a new technology. Project Manager agreed that the scroll might be a little more difficult for people to get used to in the beginning, but once they got used to it, it was a good technology and they would be experiencing in a lot of different places soon. Marketing agreed that it was not intuitive at first, but it would become intuitive once people got used it.
The team discussed the prototype presentation and the evaluation criteria of the product. They agreed that the product should be made in a poor country and cut some of the prices that way. Then they discussed the cost of the sample sensor, the chip, the scroll wheel, the LCD display, the microphone, and the locator. They reached a consensus that they could only have twenty-five push buttons in total and still be within the budget.
Marketing agreed with group mates that the LCD display was a gimmick that was never necessary and the scroll wheel was not a great difference between the two buttons. The group agreed that the main menu would have various options and they could move back and forth and then if they needed to choose something on the screen, they could just push the middle button.
Industrial Designer thought that the scroll wheel was a gimmick that was never a great difference between the two buttons, so they just got rid of the locator and pushed the buttons instead. However, the group mates thought that it was not a big problem because left-handed people were already used to discrimination anyway.
This was the final meeting of the detailed design meeting. The group discussed the limitations they were operating under, what kind of risk they were looking at with some of the various approaches they were discussing and they essentially came to the conclusion that they should develop a remote with voice recognition, I-E that had a vaguely non-remote like shape because you didn't really need to use it as a remote since you could just use your voice. They decided not to go for the touch screen and opted for some very large buttons for the primary functions. For the more advanced functions there was a slide out panel that could slide back in and
In the next meeting, the team discussed some problems with the design of the remote control. First of all, the pull-out panel was not working as well as they expected it to. Then, the project evaluation showed that the cost of the product was slightly over budget. The team agreed that they should switch away from the solar cells and take out the back-up battery. The project evaluation also showed that they might have lost that granola market again. Finally, the group discussed how they could make the product more user-friendly.
The Industrial Design thought that the main selling point of the remote control could be the voice recognition feature. However, the User Interface pointed out that it was not the same as the environmental and without the batteries feature, which was what set the remote apart from other products in the market. Therefore, the Industrial Design argued that it would be better to keep the back-up battery.
The Project Manager thought that the team members were very creative and creative in their presentation. The team members had a lot of ideas on how they could make the remote into a vaguely non-remote like shape with a slide or a fold-out bay for more advanced functions for users. However, the level of information dropped off severely over the course of the day and the team was unable to fill in the blanks on their own.
Marketing thought that the team members were very creative and creative. The team had a lot of room for creativity in their work, and the team seemed to have a good sense of direction. They also thought that they were making good use of the new technology, like the slide-out panel and the multiple colours coming out. However, they did not use the whiteboard at all, which was a set-back for the team. They were also concerned that they might have lost that granola market again. In the end, the team thought they were headed in the right direction.
The Industrial Design thought that the team members were very creative and resourceful. They were able to get stuck in a rut because the information came in at the right time and filled in the gaps enough. They had enough room to just make things up, which was a good sign. The team was also able to brainstorm more during their meetings as a team.
The Project Manager thought that the team members got too much involved in the brainstorming during the last meeting, and the level of information dropped off severely over the course of the day. The team members thought that they should have brainstormed more during their meetings as a team. The Project Manager also believed that they could not get rid of the push buttons because they were integral to the design of the product.
The meeting began with a brief introduction of the project. The team was told that a huge new, wonderful computer system existed that could tell them everything they wanted to know and it understood them completely. The task was to find out how to get to a certain place and take a picture for a grandchild. The goal was to build a belief-net that could distinguish between three different kinds of people going to see a tourist thing and get to the nearest part of it. The project was going to be a starter task for deeper understanding in the tourist domain. It was suggested that the team should collect dialogues in which they
The team wanted to set up a recording room with both table top microphones and pressure zone mikes, as well as close talking mikes. They also wanted to record close talking and far field mikes at the same time, so that they could distinguish between the two types of data. The team also wanted the microphone to be wireless so that people could wear wireless headphones when they left the room.
C thought that it would be a good idea to have a room that was instrumented with both the table top microphones and the close talking mikes, as well as the pressure zone mikes. C also wanted to make sure that the microphone was on when the last person came in.
A thought that it would be a good idea to have a room that was instrumented with both the table top microphones and pressure zone mikes, as well as the close talking mikes. A wanted to make sure that the microphone was on when the last person came in, and that the wireless mike was on.
The team was given a scenario in which they were told that a huge new, wonderful computer system existed that could tell them everything they wanted to know, and it understood them completely. The task was to find out how to get to a certain place and take a picture for a grandchild. The computer would tell them where to go, but it would not tell them exactly where they were. It would only tell them how far away it was, and then it would show them on a map. The team also had to take out a bit of the road work so that the system would not take them to the wall every
B thought that the first task was to find out how to get to a certain place with the intention of buying stamps in Heidelberg. The second task was finding out the location of the city hall. The third one was to get information on the history of an object. The fourth task was getting information about the building's history. B thought that it would be a good idea to have a dialogue between the wizard and the user.
D was curious about how ambitious the computer navigation system was and how much direction was given to the subjects about what their interaction with the system would involve. The professor explained that the data collection would be done by a human operator, and there would be some dialogue between the human operator and the computer.
This was the Children, Young People and Education Committee. Huw Irranca-Davies, Minister for Children and Social Care, also Jo-Anne Daniels, director for communities and tackling poverty, and Owain Lloyd, deputy director for childcare, play and early years, gave a presentation on the Welsh Government's childcare offer. The main aim of this policy was around removing some of the barriers to secure employment for parents, albeit with very positive outcomes for the children themselves, and the impact on work participation and work hours for mothers and families with a child of target age was extremely small. It was encouraging, to the extent
Huw Irranca-Davies thought that the process of early implementer, actually piloting it, had gone well. It was encouraging, to the extent that they were at the point where they were expanding—they had made announcements on expanding some of the early implementers areas so they could learn more lessons. But, in terms of what they were learning, one was the bureaucracy around the current approach that they're taking, because it was being done on the seven early implementERS. The other big challenge they were hitting was communication. They were dealing sometimes with parents and families with complex issues and complex backgrounds, so it was difficult. But they were also hitting those—they were not missing any of these learning experiences and they knew that
Huw Irranca-Davies thought that the biggest one was the bureaucracy around the current approach that they were taking, because it was being done on the seven early implementers. The burden of administration on that was falling to each pilot area. The other big challenge they were hitting was communication. They were dealing sometimes with parents and families with complex issues and complex backgrounds, so it was difficult. But the other thing they were having was people who were within pilot authorities, where it didn't extend to the whole authority, saying, "Well, hold on now, we think we qualify for something under universal care, we're not in the pilot area."
Huw Irranca-Davies AM answered that it was not true to say that the intensity of demand for the services was not spread evenly across. One of the well-known ones was that, in some of the south Wales Valleys constituencies, there was a family tradition of doing childcare within the families. It was not capacity, by the way. They were not finding a problem here with capacity, whether it was in English language provision or whether it's in Welsh language provision. They had a whole programme running alongside it. Communication with parents and providers and local authorities would be important as well.
Huw Irranca-Davies AM said that the £4.50 offer per hour sits alongside others, such as the foundation phase offer, and it's more generous. It was a different thing, a universal offer. There were elements of a childcare offer within the tax offer, within universal credit, within working tax credit. There was an element of education linked to the childcare offer—there's that 10 hours of the early education foundation years as well.
The focus of this scheme was very much on registered licensed providers, which could be, by the way—because they do have them, and they're discussing this at the moment internally and with the care inspectorate. There are, in their constituencies, registered, licensed, inspected grandparents who look after other people's children in a little group of four or five or six or seven, but also their own grandchildren. Now that, I would say to you—and I know that Darren raised this on the floor yesterday as well—is markedly different in the nature of it, because it's registered and licensed, than simply informal grandparents or aunts or uncles. It's an issue here with quality, about socialisation and how children learn in an environment, as opposed to purely—as great as all our grandparents and aunts and uncles are—simply child-minding.
Huw Irranca-Davies thought it was absolutely true that there was a need to get more staff, because in the report in 2016 said that the government did not have the childcare capacity in Wales at the moment. But the feedback that they were getting from the childcare providers themselves, on the basis of which they were now identifying where either the gaps in the workforce or the physical facilities were, was that, 'Yes, they can do this', because they were putting the money in, they had the strategy for the workforce development, and it was not going to be the same in all parts of Wales.
Huw Irranca-Davies explained that the team had been having an open dialogue with the sector around affordability, around the hourly rate and around what might happen in future as well. The team was not a pure hard data-driven analysis that said, "Here we've calculated everything and this is the rate that will satisfy it", because they recognised that there's great diversity in provision out there, and they also recognised that things would change over time. But at this moment in time, they were not getting people saying within this part of the roll-out that they need to adjust this amount. Huw Ir
Huw Irranca-Davies thought that the £4.50 per hour rate was the right rate and it was suitable not only today but for the foreseeable future of rolling this out. However, it was not a pure hard data-driven analysis that said, "Here we've calculated everything and this is the rate that will satisfy it", because they recognised that there's great diversity in provision out there, and they also recognised that things would change over time. They had to be pragmatic about this.
Huw Irranca-Davies thought that the pilots in Cardiff and Newport were having real-life impacts on parents, including in disadvantaged families, and they knew they had lessons to learn over the affordability and the £4.50 per hour rate. The reason they had gone for the other areas first, by the way, was simply because they had done deep dives into areas that vary from very rural areas in mid Wales to areas in north Wales, areas around Welsh language provision, areas in deep valleys, understanding the cultural and the economic impacts. So, they were not missing any of these learning experiences and they
Huw Irranca-Davies AM first explained that it was having real-life impacts on parents, including in disadvantaged families, and they were having different choices in the areas where it was being piloted. It was already having an effect: the majority of parents who were taking advantage of this were actually in those groups that were below the average wage, they were making positive choices to get into this offer and to either expand, take more hours, adjust their own lifestyles around it or more. The children would stop being in receipt of the childcare offer once they become eligible for a full-time school place.
Huw Irranca-Davies thought that it was a different thing, a universal offer, and there were issues around that with complexity, and also affordability. It was not only Flying Start that provided that other support for parents, and readiness not only for the parents and for their children, but also the support into work. There were 10 hours of education provision that sat here for every family, by the way, within this offer, let alone the childcare. It didn't mean that everybody's excluded, but it did mean that this offer was focused on working parents.
Huw Irranca-Davies suggested some ways why they were focusing very much on registered inspected providers, as opposed to every Tom, Dick and Harriet. The quality, he thought, was key, and that's why the quality was focused very much in registered inspections. The work that they were doing to increase both capacity in terms of trained staff and qualified staff: they had the 10-year plan that they had already been announced.
The team evaluated the prototype of the remote control based on their marketing strategy, on the latest trends, on user preferences, and on a seven point scale from true to false. The team gave a rating to each feature of the product based on each criterion and the average of all the ratings. The average rating was three. The product was technologically innovative, technologically using, technologically advanced, technologically technologically technologically innovative with a scroll-button, and technologically advanced with a joystick and an LCD display. It had not too much buttons and not too many buttons over. It looked good and looked like a pistol. It was for the younger
User Interface introduced the prototype of the remote control, which was yellow with big buttons, except the power button, mute button, and the mute and the other button. The buttons were blue and the sides were hard plastic. The joystick was for the volume and the channels. The R-R logo was on the rub rubber part and the company logo was in the middle of the rubber part. The remote control could still operate all the things without using the menu because users didn't always use the menu.
Marketing designed a seven-point scale based on the marketing strategy, on the latest trends, on user preferences, and on the average of all rating.
Industrial Designer thought the remote control was technologically innovative and the scroll-button was something new. Project Manager thought it was not technologically using because only the battery was not techin technologically high standard but the rest of it was new. User Interface thought it looked good and the colours were for young people. The team agreed that it was good for the younger group and it did not get lost easily.
The team agreed that the cost of the remote control would be fifteen Euros, including the battery, the advanced chip, the chip-on-print, the buttons, the electronics, the special colour, the batteries, the push-buttons, the LCD display, and the special colours. They would have to change the colour of the buttons because they could not use the red and green button.
Industrial Designer thought the creativity of the team was good enough. User Interface liked the means, the SMARTboard and the team-work. Project Manager thought the overall process was good.
This was the third meeting of the team to discuss the design of the remote control. First of all, Industrial Designer gave a brief introduction to the insides of a remote control, including the circuit board and the various components. Then, User Interface gave a presentation on the user interface design, including shape and size, buttons and buttons and voice recognition as well as the mechanisms that the user uses to control its operation and input data. The team then discussed the material of the case and the buttons. The case would be curved on one side and flat on the other side, made out of rubber and made of rubber. The
Industrial Designer introduced the remote components, including the chip, the LCD display, the scroll plus push, the microphone, the speaker, the buttons and the scroll wheel. User Interface then gave a brief introduction to the insides of a remote control. Marketing then presented on market trends. According to Marketing, people wanted something new, technologically innovative and different, so the whole idea with the LCDs and the spinning and the colours and the voice recognition was quite the thing to go for.
Industrial Designer thought that the scroll wheel was like the iPod, which was like a spinning wheel with the L-C display. It was like where you have your mouse, but instead of going down, you just spin round. It would be faster if you were scrolling through the A to Z of your music and you were looking for something at T, then it was a lot faster than the wheel.
The Marketing believed that LCD would cut down the time spent flipping through all the buttons on the remote control, which was a bit of a pain. Also, the LCD would give the user feedback to the user who was pressing buttons, which could come through television itself.
Industrial Designer first gave a brief introduction to the insides of the remote control, including the components' properties, materials, the user interface and any trends that the Marketing Expert had been watching. Then, the team discussed the shape and size of the case, the LCD display, the buttons, the scroll wheel, the energy source and the shape of the buttons. Finally, the group decided to include voice recognition as well as voice recognition.
Marketing thought wood was not a good idea for a remote control because it was too thin and too bulky. Industrial Designer thought wood could not be made small because it needed to put all the technology in. User Interface thought it was not very cleanable either and rubber or plastic was more suitable.
Marketing thought that the push-buttons were out of trend because most remotes do not have them. However, Industrial Designer argued that for channel numbers, they still need them, and they can even have an integrated push-button inside the scrolling thing. Project Manager agreed that they could have scroll wheels like the ones on mouse pointers.
This was a Children, Young People and Education Committee meeting. First of all, Kirsty Williams, Cabinet Secretary for Education, Eluned Morgan, Minister for Welsh Language and Lifelong Learning, and Huw Morris, who is the group director of skills, higher education and lifelong learning, introduced a scrutiny session with a focus on higher and further education. The meeting was mainly about reform and reconfiguration of the post-16 education sector. The group discussed the recruitment and retention of teaching staff, the evaluation of ITE provision in Wales, and the implementation of Welsh-medium provision in ITE. They also discussed the
According to Kirsty Williams, there had been what looked like a trend in recent years in filling the places for secondary school teachers in particular, but what they had seen over recent years was that they were only recruiting to about 65 percent of those targets. They had initially done some work in the last year specifically targeting Welsh students in studying for priority subject degrees, e-mailing them, sending them materials to ask them to consider (1) becoming a teacher, and (2) coming to do that training here in Wales. They are now part of a full national programme of ITE Recruitment, giving people that idea that you can serve your nation and your community by training to be a teacher. They have looked at financial incentives. They were also embarking on their first ever national ITE recruitment marketing exercise.
According to Kirsty Williams, there had been what looked like a trend in recent years in filling the places for secondary school training. However, for this year's intake, although they were in touch with their providers, they were not in a position to give figures for the intake for a couple of months. They had initially done some work in the last year specifically targeting Welsh students in studying for priority subject degrees, e-mailing them, sending them materials to ask them to consider (1) becoming a teacher, and (2) coming to do that training here in Wales. They were now part of a full national programme of
Kirsty Williams answered that they were not sitting back and hoping that something miraculous would change things. They were pulling levers and putting in place plans to improve that situation. They had already done some work in the last year specifically targeting Welsh students in studying for priority subject degrees, e-mailing them, sending them materials to ask them to consider (1) becoming a teacher, and (2) coming to do that training here in Wales. And they were also embarking on their first ever national ITE recruitment marketing exercise.
Hefin David expressed his concerns about the reduction in providers might have an impact on students, and those students going through the second year at USW. Kirsty Williams answered that in terms of the overall numbers, they would be looking to commission from those institutions that have been accredited the number of training places that their planning tool says that they need. Hefin David also expressed his concern about the uncertainty for staff, which was not a matter for the University of South Wales as an autonomous body.
From the very outset of ITE reforms, Kirsty Williams had made it very clear that he expected very high standards in the ITE system, but the process was independent of this Government. He had confidence in the people who had been appointed by the EWC to undertake that process, but it was not appropriate for him to comment on that further. Clearly, there would be a responsibility upon the University of South Wales to ensure that those students already in the system were able to complete their studies and their course, with the appropriate level of support and tuition to enable them to achieve their career aspirations and graduate from that programme.
According to Kirsty Williams, with the current providers, there is a significant geographical spread. There are centres here in the south-east, there are centres in the South-west, in mid Wales, and in north Wales. Obviously, accessibility is an issue for us. That's why we are responding with our part-time PGCE route, which actually will be location neutral, because students who already have three years' worth of debt, they're not going to be looking to, necessarily, live away from home for a fourth year, and may want to study nearer home. So, that's part of the attractiveness,
Hefin David asked whether the Cabinet Secretary was in favour of more university mergers. Kirsty Williams answered that they were not pursuing or urging a policy of mergers, but if individual institutions felt that was of benefit to them and their students, they would have an interest in that and making sure they were robust plans. However, there was no pressure from them as a Government to pursue an agenda. They were all for universities and institutions working together, but there's no formal policy.
Kirsty Williams said that he was in favour of a healthy, strong and sustainable HE sector, but he did not have a burning desire or a set policy to try and pursue mergers. If individual institutions wished to collaborate or, indeed, go further to a formal merger then, obviously, that was a matter for individual institutions. Hefin David AM suggested that Cardiff Metropolitan University was under pressure from the then Minister to merge with the University of Glamorgan and Newport. Kirsty Williams admitted that it was difficult to second-guess what would have happened, what might have happened if the merger hadn't gone ahead,
Kirsty Williams said that he was not aware of any disadvantage to Cardiff Met, but he would recognise that for staff and students caught up in those deliberations and those issues, then that would have had a personal impact on them. In terms of the institution going forward, he wasn't aware that they were currently struggling with any disadvantage from that discussion. But, of course, there was some reconfiguration and they needed to understand any lessons that arose out of that process.
According to Kirsty, they were keeping a close eye on the situation. They were listening and speaking to ColegauCymru, and also they were aware of what the unions were saying as well. The employers seemed to be using the funding issue as the reason not to have a reasonable settlement with staff. Unless Welsh Government gave them any more money, they would walk away from the table, they had said, 'One per cent, take it or leave it'. And they were really concerned about that, because it potentially had a major impact on whether they could recruit and retain staff in FE colleges.
According to Eluned Morgan, first of all, the dispute was about ColegauCymru's negotiation, but they were keeping a close eye on things. They were extremely aware of the sensitivities of the situation. When they come to a conclusion, and when they came to us and said, "Look, this is the consequence and this will finish"—at this point, they had no idea where that settlement was likely to fall. And I think that's probably as far as they can go at this point.
When discussing the pay dispute between schoolteachers and FE, Eluned Morgan pointed out that the reason this had come about, or part of the reason, was because they had seen that pay settlement in relation to teachers' pay and FE settlements in England and Scotland were higher than what was on the table here. The problem here was that it was about that, actually, that falls to the FE colleges to fund that, and it was up to them to come up with that proposal. And she was concerned that the employers seemed to be using the funding issue as the reason not to have a reasonable settlement with staff.
This was the last formal business of the National Assembly for Wales before they become the Senedd tomorrow. It was an evidence session with the Welsh Government in relation to the impact of the coronavirus pandemic on health and social services as they relate to children and young people in Wales. The meeting was bilingual, and simultaneous translation from Welsh to English was available. First of all, the Minister for Health and Social Services introduced the primary legislation and the regulations that followed, about which children's rights impact assessments had been done. Then, the Deputy Minister for Equality and Chief Whip introduced the Children and Family Court Advisory and Support Service, which
According to Vaughan Gething, they still have seven-day-a-week crisis care. They're not services to be scaled down. They've also been looking at how that's provided on a phone or online basis where possible, because again the same concerns exist about physical contact with people. So, the service may have changed, but it still absolutely exists.
The mental health recovery plan would be of real importance to Vaughan Gething because it was one of the key principles for the education Minister about the reopening of schools. In amongst all the other priorities he had, he was certainly not going to allow the mental health and well-being of children and young people to be forgotten. The picture that they were seeing wasn't straightforward and they needed to make sure that they didn't try to pretend to ourselves or to the public that there was a one-off measure that would allow them to be successful in all the areas that they wanted to be.
Tracey Breheny responded to Sian Gwenllian by saying that there had been some movement, as she was saying, around health boards, particularly where in the first phase of the epidemic the concentration was on in-patient provision, providing critical care, but those staff were gradually not just returning to work from self-isolation or whatever, or from different parts of the system. There were some discharges of young people, but they had had the assurance that that was only undertaken where it was clinically safe to do so and where the community support was in place.
According to Vaughan Gething, the Welsh Government had commissioned a review to work with the national advisory group, including Dr Ann John and other people, to review the current, unexpected deaths during the start of the pandemic here in Wales, because they wanted to try to understand the wider concerns about the potential effects of the restrictions on the mental health and well-being of children and young people, and if that was leading to a spike in suicide or not. In terms of provision of crisis care, they continued to be available. They were not part of the series of measures that I stopped within the health service on 13 March. The crisis care services were not services to be scaled down.
According to Vaughan Gething, they still had seven-day-a-week crisis care. They were not part of the series of measures that I stopped within the health service on 13 March. They had built up those crisis care services over a period of time, and the last thing they wanted to see was to see them disappear during this period of the time when there were well-understood concerns about emotional and mental health. So, they were looking to make sure that the progress wasn't lost that they had made.
According to Vaughan Gething, the perinatal mental health service had not been stopped either. It still absolutely existed. They were still committed to it, but they were concerned about the time frame—that was partly about the length and the extent. And again, part of the challenge in all of this was about the pause or the interruption in work to create the in-patient capacity that they had previously committed to. So, they were looking to make sure that the progress wasn't lost that they've made.
Julie Morgan explained that the priority for the vulnerable children and young people included those with a social worker and with statements of special educational needs, and the most vulnerable of these should be prioritised. In terms of the children accessing the coronavirus childcare assistance scheme, it had only been two weeks up and running really, so the numbers were quite low, but there were nearly 1,500 children accessing that childcare last week, and of those, just over 100 would fall within the definition of vulnerable children. They were working very closely with the third sector on issues such as support for fostering services, care leavers and repurposing funding so that they could support the crises. Also, there was very close contact between Welsh Government officials and the local authorities.
Julie Morgan thought that it was difficult to monitor if there was not easy access to the children that they were referring to, and that's why they had been trying to encourage the vulnerable children to go into school or childcare settings. Also, there was very close contact between Welsh Government officials and the local authorities. The children were all being monitored individually, and in the circumstances they were all doing what they possibly could.
Julie Morgan mentioned that they had worked with the fostering organizations. They had had close communications with them, and they had supported AFA Cymru to develop guidance for foster carers, and that guidance had been very strongly welcomed across the sector. They were working with the third sector. The Fostering Network had extended its helpline hours, and Voices from Care had developed this particular offer of support for care leavers.
According to Lynne Neagle, the children's rights, protection and demands were not recognized by the committee members. They believed that the government had not introduced any easements in relation to children's services legislation, and the standards that were in place did remain, so there would not have been a necessity for them to do a children’s rights impact assessment. However, they believed that it would be necessary to carry out a full suite of impact assessments on those.
Julie Morgan announced that they were launching an online survey that they hoped would be going out to thousands of children, and they would get their response in terms of what were the important issues that had arisen for them, what they felt about the way that they had dealt with the schools, the way they had had to cope in not going school and being at home for so long. And this was to try to get from children their views of what's happened, what we've been doing, and their views on the whole COVID-19 situation.
Albert Heaney thought that the coronavirus Act itself was UK Government legislation and they ran their own impact assessments, but from a Welsh context, the standards that were in place do remain, so therefore there wouldn't have been a necessity for them to do a children's rights impact assessment in relation to the primary legislation. In terms of childcare and education, they were obviously looking at the provisions under the coronavairus Act to allow them to maybe ease some of the statutory requirements, and they were going to be undertaking a full suite of impact assessments on those.
The team discussed the progress of the SmartKom data collection and how they could further improve the model. The team was concerned that their model was not performing as well on the digits as they expected it to. They wanted to know why they were not seeing big improvements on the back-end. They also discussed how to improve the performance on the front-end of the model and how to get the model into the normal ICSI net. They decided that the best way to do this would be to have the model generate lattices up to the point where it was basically one system and then after that rescore the
The team was concerned that they were running out of space on the second disk. The professor suggested that they could hang scratch disks on the SUN-Blade SUN-Blades, but the problem was that they did not currently have a wire running to that back room that went anywhere near one of the ICSI routers. The team also discussed how they could store the data in the machine room, but that would require a second disk rack or something.
Grad E informed the team that he had an eighteen gigabyte drive on his computer. The team was only about thirty percent on the second disk. He was not doing anything on it right now until he got new meetings to transcribe or new transcriptions coming in.
The team was concerned that Dave would not be able to take over the task of setting up the new machines for the next meeting. He had been volunteering for everything. The team thought that he was doing a great job, but he was running out of time.
The team agreed that they would have a telephone meeting the Friday after next. They would do it every other week or whenever they felt like they could alternate the focus of the meeting. The team also discussed whether they should have a separate meeting for the recognition side of the project. The professor suggested that they could do that if they found that they were not getting enough done.
The professor thought that Dave Johnson was out of luck for the next meeting because he would be gone for ten days. He suggested that they could alternate the focus of the meetings and have a telephone meeting every other week or whenever they felt like they.
The team thought that Dave Johnson was out of town for a few days, so they would have to alternate the focus of the meetings. They thought that they could do it every other week or whenever they felt like they needed more disk space.
This was the kick-off meeting for the new television remote control project. Project Manager started the meeting by introducing the project and the team members got acquainted with each other and the tools they had. Then, Industrial Designer gave a presentation about the current remote controls and the aim of the project. The team agreed that the remote control should be original, trendy, friendly, and suitable for young people. It should be made of plastic of course, hard plastic, the buttons should be rubbery, and the shape should be a long box shape. The buttons should not be too small, not too big, and not too close together
The group agreed that the remote control should be different and familiar at the same time so that it would be easy to learn. They also agreed that it should be compatible with the D-V-D player so that they could make it compatible with all kinds of TVs and stereo equipment. Besides, the remote should be made in a simple colour not not very flashy.
The team agreed that the remote control should be original, trendy, friendly, and user-friendly. It should not be too big and not too close together. The buttons should be not too small, not too big, and the shape of the remote should be convenient to fit hands. The team also agreed that there should be some space between the buttons to make it clear that there are two functions for every button. And the buttons should have international recognisable buttons to explain the different functions.
The group agreed that it was important to look at the remote controls of their competitors and try to merge them into one universal remote control so that it would be acceptable for the whole world, for different cultures and for young people. They also agreed that the buttons had to have international recognisable buttons and the remote should be easy to learn.
When discussing the desired features of the remote control, the team members agreed that it should be a simple colour, not too flashy and not too bright. They also agreed that the color should not be too bright because young people often don't like bright colours or something.
The group agreed that the buttons of the remote control should be not too small, not too big, and not too close together. They also agreed that there should be some space between the buttons to make it apparent that there were two functions for every button. The buttons should be international recognisable so that every culture in every country can recognise them.
The product manager wanted to achieve the expected profit of fifty million Euros. He didn't exactly calculate how much they had to sell internationally, but he wanted to keep it at twelve and a half Euros so that they could keep their costs at 12.5 Euros. In addition, he wanted the product to be acceptable for the whole world, for different cultures and international recognisable buttons so that it would be easy to learn.
This was the 12th meeting of the House of Commons Special Committee on the COVID-19 Pandemic. First on the list for presenting petitions was Ms. May, who was joining us virtually. Then, Mr. Bill Blair (Minister of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness) introduced that the government was always vigilant in any foreign interference in the national security or issues of political interference in Canada. Next, the opposition party raised questions about the government's response to the pandemic. The opposition party pointed out that Canada was the only country with a universal health care system that did not include the provision of necessary prescription medications.
The opposition party argued that the Covid-19 crisis should not be used as an excuse to avoid presenting solutions to the missing and murdered indigenous women and girls committee, in particular by delaying action on the calls for justice. The Prime Minister argued that they had known about these problems for weeks and had been working very closely with partners on the call for justice even as they acted in many areas, including better funding for shelters and for victims of domestic violence. They would continue to work with those partners, but the COVID-19 situation had made that more difficult.
The opposition party and the Prime Minister argued that a number of organizations and companies were facing difficulties because of COVID-19. People work for those organizations, as accountants, receptionists, assistants or labourers, and those people needed to be supported. The government had set the parameters to qualify for the rent relief program for companies that had experienced a 70% revenue loss. However, the opposition party argued that the government had not followed the appropriate steps, outlined under the Investment Canada Act, to make sure that any measures they took keep seniors and their well-being first and foremost.
Hon. Patty Hajdu introduced that since the COVID-19 outbreak, 1,000 seniors so far have lost their lives in long-term care homes in Ontario alone, over 25 of them in her riding of Mississauga. The conditions of seniors as outlined by the military were appalling, but seniors needed more than just compassionate words. They needed action. The government stood ready to support provinces and territories as they continue to respond to this crisis.
Hon. Patty Hajdu said that all Canadians were shocked and horrified to hear about the conditions that existed in these particular care homes. The conditions of seniors as outlined by the military were appalling, but seniors needed more than just compassionate words. They needed action. The Government of Canada stood ready to support provinces and territories as they continue to respond to this crisis. We had the right protocols in place, and we would make sure that our members who were infected by COVID would get the appropriate treatment as well.
The opposition party raised the issue that the Minister of Digital Government had been promoting a fundraising campaign to sue Global News for their story criticizing the Chinese Communist Party. The opposition party argued that the minister was using her authority to support the Communist Party of China and threatening the media and freedom of expression. The minister argued that she was not involved in this process and had no control over the individual who posted that matter.
The Minister of Finance promised that the emergency assistance must have an end date, and if it did not, the government would be heading to levels of taxation that had not been seen in this country for generations. The government also promised to work with the provinces and territories to set national standards of care for the most vulnerable in our society.
The opposition party argued that the U.K. would begin applying tariffs at the beginning of next year on Canadian exports such as seafood, beef and cars. The opposition party suggested that the government should not allow this to happen during the period while they go through Brexit. The minister assured the opposition party that CETA would continue to apply to their trade with the UK during this period while the government was monitoring the situation very carefully.
Hon. Mary Ng (Minister of Small Business, Export Promotion and International Trade) introduced that Canada had unprecedented access to a number of markets around the world because of the extraordinary agreements that the government had made to provide access to customers in those international markets. However, going forward post-COVID, there were a lot things that would be changing in supply chains. The government was working with countries around the globe to ensure that Canada's supply chains and those global supply chains, particularly for essential goods, for agricultural products, for medical supplies, continue to remain open.
Hon. Patty Hajdu (Minister of Health) said that from the very beginning of the outbreak in early January they were aware of the challenges the health sector would face, and they immediately began to work with the provinces and territories to understand what the need would be and how they could best prepare. In April, the minister stated there were not enough supplies in the national emergency stockpile.
During the pandemic, the government gave money to Air Canada, but Air Canada never reimbursed customers who did not get the services they paid for. The government's response was that it was no big deal.
Hon. Patty Hajdu introduced that all Canadians were shocked and horrified to hear about the conditions that existed in these particular care homes. Since the COVID-19 outbreak, over 1,000 seniors so far have lost their lives in long-term care homes in Ontario alone, over 25 of them in Mississauga. The government was committed to working with the provinces to fix this situation, and all orders of government would work together to make sure that right now, and going forward, we improve our systems.
Hon. Patty Hajdu introduced that all Canadians were shocked and horrified to read the details from the Canadian Armed Forces on the conditions in long-term care homes in Ontario. The conditions of seniors as outlined by the military were appalling, but seniors needed more than just compassionate words. They needed action. The government stood ready to support provinces and territories as they continue to respond to this crisis. The federal government would be there to work with the provinces on making that happen.
The team discussed the Aurora front-end and the Aurora back-end. The Aurora system performed better on the TI digits than on the far-mike digits. The team also discussed the VAD problem and how to deal with it. Finally, the team discussed how they could improve their model.
The team discussed the TORRENT chip, which they were two months away from being complete. The team thought that they should wait for Sunil to come back before they started categorizing intermediate categories. They also discussed how they could classify intermediate categories using multi-band techniques.
Grad F explained that he had been working on his proposal for a large vocabulary task. He wanted to start with regular phonetic features and then do some phone recognition. After that, he would shift the focus to something like Schw-Switchboard.
Grad F thought that he had to come up with a complete set of intermediate features in intermediate categories to classify right away. Grad F wanted to start with a reasonable set of regular phonetic features, like Schw-Switchboard, and then do the same process on a large vocabulary task like Switchboard.
The team thought that the mean subtraction approach was doing a kind of channel normalization and that it might have given the HTK use of it a boost that wouldn't have been applied in the SRI case. The professor thought that it was possible that one reason it helped with the Aurora baseline system was because the Aurora system was acoustically closer to the meeting digits than the noisy TI-digits.
The professor thought that it could be difficult for the model to detect echoes in the re-synthesized audio because different phones could be lined up with a different foreground phone depending on the timing of the echo. He suggested that the model could be trained on a larger data set. He also suggested that they could take very low-energy sections of the speech and set them to some low or near zero value.
PhD C thought that the mean subtraction seemed to make the PZM signals louder after they were re-segmented. The professor disagreed, pointing out that multiplying the signal by two would not have any effect.
This was the fourth meeting of the team to discuss the design of the remote control. First of all, Industrial Designer and User Interface presented the prototype for the team. Then, the team discussed the cost of the device. The cost was twelve and a half Euros. The team had to dump the titanium and add plastic for the back. They also had to adapt it to the costs. After that, they evaluated the product and found that it was good-looking, but not very user-friendly. Also, they had to make it more expensive to buy because of the cost. Finally, they discussed how to design the
The prototype of the remote control had a round shape with a round basic shape, a hard plastic, the front, the back, and the logo big in the middle. It was made of titanium with different colours, bright colours not black, too dark, and fancy colours. It had two huge buttons for the power, channel and volume buttons and the volume and the channel controls were easy to find. There was a microphone on the back of the device and the voice recorder was at the bottom. The team agreed that the side view of the prototype was not very good because of the curve and the drawing technique made it difficult
The Industrial Designer and the Project Manager agreed that the advanced chip was needed to have an LCD screen. However, the User Interface argued that they could better change the titanium to hard kind of plastic looking like titanium than lose the LCD screen, and the group agreed to change the chip back.
The Project Manager thought that the prototype had a strange layout and the front was too thick. It was also not easy to find if the device was lost. The user interface suggested that the front of the device could be made as thick as possible. The Project Manager agreed with the User Interface and Industrial Designer that the design of the front could be changed to make it more user-friendly. The User Interface also proposed to put the logo on the front and the back of the product in a big arc shape above the logo.
The User Interface thought that it was not practical to change the titanium to hard a hard kind of plastic looking like titanium rather than lose the LCD screen because titanium had lots of functions in it and the look remained the same. However, the Project Manager insisted that the titanium was very important and they had to deal with it now, otherwise they would have a ugly, stupid, ugly looking dumb remote that no-one would buy.
Industrial Designer thought it was not practical to consider this after they had designed the entire thing. The titanium provided the tough look and the feel of the remote, and the older people would like it because of that. Besides, the titanium was also useful if it was important for old people, and they still had to focus to get more people from the younger group.
The team agreed that the product was good-looking, fancy-looking and fancy-feeling. However, it was not easy to find if the device was easy to lose. The cost of the speaker was the most expensive, followed by the battery, the titanium, the LCD screen, and the titanium-coloured plastic for the back. The team also disagreed on whether the device could be made to beep when it was lost or not. In the end, the team decided to dump the titanium and add plastic.
This meeting was mainly about the detailed design of the remote control. First, Industrial Designer gave a presentation about the trend-watching and user interface concept. Then, User Interface presented about the buttons and the shape of the case and the buttons. After that, the group discussed the cost difference between the chip with LCD and the chip without LCD. Finally, they discussed the material and shape of buttons. The group agreed that the case should be yellow with round edges and the logo at the bottom, and each set of buttons had his own colour.
User Interface first gave a brief introduction to the interface concept. User Interface said that the buttons were pretty standard and that they were all pretty thin and long. The power buttons were mostly at the top left or right and the arrows were blue. The arrows could be blue, but they did not use that. The scroll-wheels were separate and the menu button was on the menu. The menu button could be pushed on the left or on the right.
User Interface recommended a yellow case with round edges and the company logo at the bottom. The power buttons were mostly at the top left or right and the arrow buttons could be blue. The menu button was okay and the arrows could be used.
The group discussed the buttons on the remote control, the shape of the case, the colour of the buttons, the material used, the buttons buttons, and the scroll wheels. The group agreed that the buttons should be large, thin, and long. The scroll-wheels should be separate from the menu button, and scroll buttons could be made to scroll in different directions. The team also agreed that there should be two scroll wheels, one for the sound and the other for the channels.
Industrial Designer said that the younger people liked soft mat materials and primary colours, curved and round shapes, and the shape of the remote control not like all the other ones, straight and flat and long. Young people also liked dark colours, and simple, recognisable shapes. The push-buttons could be a scroll push thing like a mouse, and scroll-wheels could be used for the volume.
Industrial Designer first pointed out that the push-button requires a simple chip chip and a scroll wheel requires an advanced chip, which is more expensive than the regular chip. The cost difference between the chip with LCD and regular chip was not clear. Project Manager then asked Industrial Designer to give an indication of the cost difference. Industrial Designer answered that the advanced chip was higher and the cost of the LCD was more expensive. Then, the team discussed the shape of the design of the remote control, which would depend on the LCD and the scroll. They finally agreed that the basic remote control would be better with a scroll menu,
Marketing made an investigation of the market by Trendwatchers and found two groups, young and trendy and the old and rich. Young and trendy liked dark colours, and simple, recognisable shapes. Old and rich liked familiar material, especially wood.
Industrial Designer first gave his opinion about the cost of all the components for the remote control. He thought the best option was to use a basic battery, which was the cheapest way. Then, the team discussed the cost difference between the chip with LCD or without. They decided to use the basic battery because it was the most cost effective. The team also discussed the shape of the case and the whole remote control in their corporate company colours and the logo. They agreed to use plastic because it would be easier to use and the material would not burst like in the other remote controls.
This was the Children, Young People and Education Committee. It was the evidence session on the higher education new academic year allocations. First of all, David Blaney, who is chief executive of the Higher Education Funding Council for Wales, and Bethan Owen, who was deputy Chief Executive of HEFCW, introduced the financial challenges facing the universities in Wales. They result from three main causes: one was the impact of the demographic dip of 18-year-olds, which was deeper and longer in Wales than it was elsewhere in the UK. Secondly, there was a pre-existing funding gap in resource between England and Wales
There were three main causes. One was the impact of the demographic dip of 18-year-olds, which was deeper and longer in Wales than it was elsewhere in the UK. The other two were increased pension costs and, actually, increased costs generally. These challenges were not unique to Wales; the majority of the UK universities were actually taking out cost one way or another. And, of course, they also had current uncertainty as a result of the Augar review in England, and whether that might play into Wales, and also Brexit.
Angela Burns AM wanted to know how the picture might have changed over the last four years and were they actually skinnier cats now, rather than before. Bethan Owen answered that the universities were sitting on substantial reserves and were less than keen to deploy them back into actually using them for the students—it was more about building up the war chest, if you like, of the universities. So, because capital funding had not been as available to universities as it was, they had invested in their estates and that's largely been funded by borrowings. The costs of those borrowings had to be met on an annual basis, so that's becoming an increasing proportion of the operating cash that universities have.
According to Dr David Blaney, there was always the possibility of structural change within the sector, and that might be one of the solutions that institutions think about, but it was not a good short-term response to crisis anyway. The government was in a managed situation, but the challenges were quite acute. More costs were taken out, so more jobs were lost, more capacity was lost, but that was not the same as falling over.
The government believed that it was the big thing that drove most of university borrowing, so it was important to ensure that each university's estates strategy and its financing was prudent and had appropriate governing-body oversight in place. In terms of oversight and monitoring, the primary consideration, again, was the interest of the students. They were the people who had, in many ways, least influence over what happens in terms of the way an institution was managed. The government did not want to see students becoming innocent victims of difficulties of management and financing.
According to Dr David Blaney, he did not think that any governing bodies were exhibiting what might be considered to be an imprudent risk appetite, and this manifested itself in two ways. In forecasts, and in requests for borrowings, predominantly. But they had, in some instances, helped institutions to think again about some of their aspirations. The challenge was all of us being clear what constitutes best practice. They didn't say, "No, you can't do that," because they were autonomous, they made the decisions, but they tried to make sure that they were asking the right questions.
Dr David Blaney explained that the team was concerned about the financial pressures faced by the universities in Wales, and they wanted to make sure that they were grappling with their problems before they become a crisis. In order to do that, they needed to include more people in risk management, and the team would have to find a way to involve more people.
The direction of travel was that they were seeing an increased risk profile in the sector in Wales, and it was about the financial pressures that they had already discussed this morning. The amount of funding was always going to be under pressure; there's a demographic dip, and there were the other contextual factors we had discussed. And the institutions had been working very hard to try not to take cost out now that they really don't have to take out, because they didn't want to reduce capacity, which they would struggle to recover again when the financial position improved.
The key bit of that was maintaining the attractiveness of Welsh universities to students, because a large proportion were coming not from just Wales, but from England and internationally—so, that's a key part—and also that their research portfolio was invested in, and that also brought economic benefits. So, they were seeing deficits, which were managed deficits, where they were spending more than their income in order just to keep the capacity in. They were being as responsible as we could expect them to be in this.
According to Sian Gwenllian AM, both Ian Diamond and Graeme Reid were very clear about the importance of being able to invest in QR research funding, for a number of reasons. The capacity of the sector to be able to respond to funding opportunities elsewhere in the UK and across the rest of the world was itself determined by the size and the strength of the research base, which was sustained by QR funding. However, the sum hasn't actually increased over a period of nine years. There was no assessment to look at the effect of underfunding research, to all intents and purposes.
According to Graeme Reid's report, there was a very close correlation between QR funding and capacity to generate funding from other sources. The capacity of the sector to be able to respond to funding opportunities elsewhere in the UK and across the rest of the world was itself determined by the size and the strength of the research base.
According to Dr David Blaney, they have provided funding in 2017-18 and 2018-19 to WISERD Education, which is a research collaboration between a number of the Welsh universities, specifically looking at educational issues, and they are providing additional funding to that to add value to the Welsh Government's existing evaluation of the progress of pioneer schools in developing the three-to-15 curriculum in Wales. In 2019-20, there will be allocations specifically for this.
The Reid review had done a lot of the heavy lifting in terms of an impact assessment for them. Of course, this was going to have a far-reaching impact on future research, and the Reid review has made recommendations to mitigate this impact. Welsh higher education institutions were approximately £40 million worse off than they would be in the English system. There had been an additional £6.6 million allocated for research very recently by the Government, which was a start, but that was not sustainable funding, and it was not enough, really, but it was a good and welcome start. The challenge was finding the money,
This was the last meeting of the detail design meeting. First, User Interface presented the prototype of the remote control. Then, the team evaluated the prototype according to the evaluation criteria. The team agreed that the prototype was quite fancy, and they would use it for their party. After that, they discussed the financial part of the project, and decided to do some finance to see if it was feasible. Finally, they talked about the technical specifications of their remote control, including the size, shape, colour, buttons, location finder, speech recognition, location finding, and LCD display.
User Interface presented the working prototype of the remote control. It was a working prototype with buttons and a jog dial for controlling the cursor on the LCD screen. There was a button missing and there was a place for the location finder. The remote control had buttons and using LCD, or a jog wheel. It had speech recognition, speech recognition and location finding. There were buttons for volume control and channel changes. The team also discussed the colour and shape of the case, the material of the chip and the chip material. They decided to stick to titanium because it was the most modern material they could select and it was practical
The design of the remote control was flexible and covered all the end goals of the project. It could be used with rubber fruit, and it was completely secure to leave it with children and that it could be left with children. Also, it was adaptable to each personal use.
The industrial designer suggested that the team should stick to titanium because it was the most modern material they could select. The team also agreed that they should use the fruit for more fanciness and more attraction.
Marketing presented the prototype of the remote control and asked the team to evaluate it according to the criterion and from one to seven. The team gave a score of 1 to 7, with 7 meaning it fulfills the criterion, 1 meaning it doesn't fulfil at all, and 7 means it didn't fulfill at all. After that, the team discussed the financial part of the product and decided to do some finance to see if it was feasible. Then, they discussed the team performance and concluded that they were a good team.
Marketing reminded the team that usefulness was much less important than fanciness. Therefore, the team decided to give two points on usefulness when doing product evaluation.
The project manager thought that the colour and shape of the remote control should be titanium because it was the most modern material they could select. However, he was not convinced about the strawberries on the top because he thought that they were not useful.
Firstly, the team agreed that the cost of the product was 12.5 dollars. Then, they discussed the size and weight of the remote control. The team reached a consensus that they needed only one battery and one battery for the case, and one for the speaker. They also agreed to use a single curve for the function of controlling the cursor on the LCD screen. After that, they talked about the colour and shape of the case and the material of the chip. They reached a conclusion that the chip should be made of titanium and the colour of the casing should be fudge titanium. Finally, they agreed to cut
The user interface designer recommended that the team should not waste time in discussing product quotation. Instead, they should focus on the technical specifications of the remote control. The team should only address two main functions here and the other functions would be on LCD and location finder.
This meeting was about the conceptual design of the remote control. First, the group discussed the components design. Then, they talked about the look and feel of the product. The group agreed that the remote should be fancy looking and good-looking. They also agreed to include the buttons for screen width and general settings and that they should be shown in the LCD screen instead of extra buttons. Then they discussed the material of the case and the shape of the front and back. They decided to use titanium as the material for the front because it was more durable and strong than plastic. The team also discussed the shape and colour of
Marketing's presentation mainly talked about trends trends, latest fashion updates, and things they must not do. The trends were fancy looking and good-looking, the feeling had to be great, and the menus and things like that they had to feel great. The last point was easy to use.
Industrial Designer first gave a presentation about the components design of the remote. Then, he presented about the target audience product style. The target audience was senior and wealthy people above forty-five years old. They liked traditional shapes, bright colours and round shapes. They also liked straightforward shapes and luxurious style.
User Interface introduced the new developments in speech recognition systems that were already being used on coffee machines. These new developments were fancy looking and good-looking, so they should be included in the remote design. Also, User Interface suggested that the LCD screen should be positioned at the lower end of the remote, and the buttons for screen width and general settings and that kind of stuff should be shown in the LCD instead of extra buttons.
The group agreed that the LCD screen should be placed at the lower end of the remote, and the buttons should be made of titanium. The group also agreed that they should use a more advanced chip, which would be more complex and expensive, but it was worth the trouble. They also decided that the buttons could be made out of titanium and the material should not be too childish.
The group agreed that the slogan from the company should be on the back of the remote control and the logo on the front. They also agreed to put the slogan in the middle of the front so that it would not be too busy.
The group agreed that it would be a good idea to remove all the filth between the fronts of the control. However, the Project Manager pointed out that the problem was that they already had all kinds of filth in the control when they exchanged all the fronts and it was open. The User Interface suggested that they could make it go round this corner too where the logo was because it had to be there all the time.
This was the kick-off meeting for the design of a new remote control for the beginning of the new project. Project Manager first introduced the team members to each other and the project plan. Then, the team discussed the functional design, conceptual design, and desail detailed design of the remote control. The team agreed that they should have a universal remote control, which could be used for the television, the sound system, or the refrigerator. The remote control should be child-proof, robust, easy-to-use, and robust. It should be small and not too big, with not too many buttons. The
The team agreed that the remote control should be child-proof, not too big and not too many buttons. The team also agreed that it should be made of one colour and suitable for children.
The team agreed that the remote control should not be too big and not too small. The buttons should be of a palm-sized size, not too large. The team also agreed that they should have a targeted remote control.
The team decided that the remote control should be small and adaptable, with not too many buttons. The off button should be put at the top right so that users can easily remove the frame. The team also agreed that it should be children-proof.
The team agreed that the remote control should be child-proof, not too big and not too many buttons. The team also agreed that it should be monochrome and not be too big. They also agreed to have some child lock or something.
The group agreed that the remote control for children should be child-proof. They thought that even if the child was not very tall, she was high enough so that when she threw it away it would not be easily lost. They also agreed that it should be robust.
When discussing the design of remote control for children, the Industrial Designer suggested that the remote control should be monochrome so that it could change colours. The Industrial Designer also suggested that it should be small and not too big.
This was the first meeting of the design project. Project Manager introduced the project and the team members got to know each other a little bit more by drawing their favourite animals on the whiteboard. Then, the team discussed the functional design of the remote control. The team agreed that it should be trendy, user-friendly and original, and they should provide some features that were quite unique to this. They also agreed that they should keep things going and make sure that they all work together in a productive way, so that by the end of the day they come up with a great product.
The group agreed that the remote control should be trendy, user-friendly and original. They also agreed that it should be a menu-based thing, so that users could do all kinds of things with the TV. Besides, they should provide some features that were unique to this remote control.
The target price of the remote control was 25 Euros each, with a profit of 50 million Euros. The finance people estimate that they need production costs of maximum 12.5 Euros so that they can reach the profit target.
The Industrial Designer thought that the remote control should be trendy, user-friendly and original and that it should provide some features that were quite unique to this remote control. Moreover, the Industrial Designer believed that the fashion should be put in electronics so that it was sleek and stylish but still functional.
The functional design was more about what functions they needed in the remote control. The conceptual design was bigger than that and included the how people were going to use it and that kind of thing.
The Marketing compared the new generation phones with the old generation ones, which did not have buttons. The Marketing thought that most people did not need to have buttons on the remote control because most people just turned it on, watched certain specified channels and then turned it off again. There was a lot of functionality in there that was not used ninety percent of the time, so there was no need to put buttons on it.
Industrial Designer thought that they could aim for all these little things, but they should aim for something that gave a high battery life. Project Manager thought that every now and then they needed to replace the batteries. User Interface suggested that they should not go too far away from from the usual ones because otherwise the new users would just have a lot of problems.
The team discussed setting up the SRI recognizer here and how to down-sample the data. The team also discussed how to reduce the number of channels in the recording and how they could reduce the amount of time spent in the middle of the recording. There was a bug in the synch time file that was causing the recording to get a little bit asynchronized. They also discussed whether they could use a different radio for Switchboard or Switchboard telephone bandwidth models. Finally, the team discussed how the recording could be down-sampled.
The microphone data was collected from Switchboard which was a completely telephone database. The team was concerned that there were likely overlaps in Switchboard and Switchboard as well, but the team was confident that the data would not be too different from the close talking mikes. The recording quality was not very good and the team wanted to know what was causing the problem. The professor thought that the team should down-sample the recordings and see if they could get the errors out of the way. There was a bug in the synch time file that was causing some glitches.
The team agreed that the microphone should be placed in the corner of the person's mouth and the boom should be towards the corner. The team also agreed that if the boom is adjustable, it should be put in the same place as the receiver.
The team agreed that the microphone should be adjusted to be towards the corner of the mouth and the boom should be put in the right place. The team also agreed to get more wireless and the wireless, and to get a tuner the receiver for each end of the daisy chain. They would also need to get another ADD and another mixer and all that sort of stuff.
The meeting was mainly about a revision of the semantic specification and the construction formalism of the language. The former was mostly about how to split up the image schematic contributions versus the X-schematics contributions. The latter was about how the constructions could be linked to each other and how they could interact with each other. The two sides of the discussion were mostly about the semantics of the syntax and how to link them up.
The team agreed that the new version of the semantic specification is slightly more stable than the previous one, but it will probably change again in the next few days. The team also agreed that they need to figure out how to specify the information structure focus of the sentence. The professor suggested that they could use "designates" to specify one of the constituents which acts like a head in some respects but is also important for composition later on.
The semantic specification is a revised version of the previous one. It contains a lot of changes from the last time, but it is only slightly more stable than it was before. The main change is that the constructions have been renamed to "entity", "reference", and "construction". The former two are more general constructions, while the latter is more specific to the specific utterance. The latter is a subset of the construction formalism, and it is intended to be grammatically specifiable information about a referent.
The mental spaces would be structured according to the context of the utterance, and the speaker would be responsible for keeping track of them. Each space would have its own properties, such as time and space. The speaker would keep track of these properties, and they would be given to him/her by the construction of the sentence.
The mental spaces in the mental spaces are organized into domains. Time and space are considered to be the most conventionalized ones, while other domains are more conventionalized like deictic ones. These domains are related to time and space, but they interact with each other in different ways.
The team was discussing the performance of their model on TIMIT and multi-band MLPs. The team was concerned that their model was not performing as well as they expected it to. They were also concerned that the model they were using was not as good on the target task as they thought it should be, and they were trying to figure out what they could do to improve their model. They discussed how they could improve the model by adding more features to the model. The professor also wanted to know how the model performed on different languages. The model performed better on multi-English than on French, Spanish, and Italian
The team discussed the results from the experiments. The TIMIT net was the best for multi-language and multi-English, but the TIMIT network was not as good for multilingual languages. The difference between TIMIT and TIMIT plus noise was due to the fact that TIMIT was hand-labeled. The team also discussed the difference between the model with and without delta and the model without delta. The model with delta was slightly better, but not as much as the model trained on the target task. The gap between the two nets was almost twice the error rate of PLP.
The professor thought that the results were good. The TIMIT network was still the best but the TIMIT plus noise seemed to be the best. The model performed better on multi-English and multi-Spanish than on TIMIT alone. The difference was due to language dependency and noise dependency. The team should focus on finding other kinds of training targets to improve the model.
PhD A thought that the model performed well on TIMIT but not well on other languages. The difference between TIMIT and TIMIT plus noise was due to the TIMIT being hand-labeled and the fact that TIMIT was the only model that was hand labeled. The model performed better on multi-English, multi-Spanish, and multi-Italian.
The team discussed the current state of the model and how they could further improve it. The team thought that multi-band training on a lot of noises with features-based targets could be a good way to reduce language dependency and improve performance. They also discussed how to connect the model to the OGI system. The professor suggested that they could try to connect to the model with a delta.
The professor thought that MSG corrected some of the problems with poor normalization, but not all of them. He also thought that adding MSG did not help in that case. He encouraged the team to look into it in the longer term.
The team thought that they were making good progress on their model. The model performed better on TIMIT and multi-English than on other languages, but the gap between the different training sets was still wide open. The team was concerned that they did not have enough training data to train a large neural network. They were also trying to tune their system as it was now to get the best from this architecture.
This meeting was mainly about the technical functions design of the remote control. First of all, the Industrial Designer gave a presentation on how remote controls work. Then, the User Interface Developer gave a brief presentation on the presentation of technical functions of the product. After that, the group discussed the battery, the material, the user interface, the appearance, the slogan, the energy source, and the paging function. Finally, the Project Manager made a presentation about the target market. The target market would be the young demographic. The remote control would be a television only one with the company colours included in it. It would be
User Interface proposed to revolutionize the idea of a remote control by combining the functionality of a complicated device with a simple formatted display for the user to work with. Industrial Designer proposed to use plastic as opposed to metal because too much metal in remote design could potentially cause interference with the ability of the remote to send commands. Marketing proposed to incorporate some of the ideas that they had previously like having multiple face but it would come at the cost of a certain aesthetic value. Project Manager suggested to use solar power with an alkaline battery backup.
The Project Manager agreed with Marketing when discussing his personal ideas towards the design of the remote control. He thought that a touch screen would be a good idea, but it would require a docking base, which would be expensive. Also, the Project Manager thought that voice recognition was a gimmick that wouldn't go anywhere, and the company simply couldn't afford this kind of lawsuits.
User Interface first gave a brief presentation about the functions and buttons of the remote control. The basic functions were changing the channel, turning it on, turning the volume, turning off, turning on and off, changing the menu, turning channels, turning up the volume and turning down the brightness. The user interface then gave a presentation on the technical functions of remote control, including the chip, the integrated circuit, the microchip, the buttons and the messages as well as the user interface. Then, the group discussed how to handle the simplicity of a remote control and put the more complicated things into a voice control. Finally, the
When discussing the design of the functions and buttons of the remote control, the Project Manager put forward to cut down the functions because most users would find it frustrating when there were all those buttons that they didn't know how to use and didn't wanna take the time to learn how to do it. The Project Manager also pointed out that most people were used to using changing the channel, turning on, turning it on, using the volume and turning it off, and the other functions were really basic.
The Project Manager mentioned that the team members would be responsible for the design of the materials of the television remote. The team members were expected to work together to find the best way to reduce the cost of the remote control. The Project Manager also mentioned that they would have to decide whether to use plastic or high quality recycled plastic.
The group agreed that the remote control should be made out of plastic and that the company colours should be red and black. The industrial designer suggested that they should use a nice black and red interface on the touch screen. The user interface should be put in the centre and the basic functions should be on the right side. The group also agreed that they could put the basics on the centre easiest and then the other bits and bobs on the left side.
The meeting was the seventh meeting of the Special Committee on the COVID-19 Pandemic. The meeting began with the introduction of the Prime Minister and the Minister of Finance. The Prime Minister introduced that a total of 7.7million Canadians have received the Canada emergency response benefit, and the government was ensuring the integrity of the system. The Minister of Health then introduced that the government had increased the funding for the Auditor General, and they were always happy to collaborate with the provinces and to respect their jurisdictions to ensure those health care needs were met. Next, the members asked questions about the financial impact of the emergency assistance. Hon. Pierre Poilievre (Calgary Rocky Ridge, CPC) asked
The Prime Minister said that the priority was to get money out quickly to all Canadians who needed it, and that's exactly what they had done. They had put measures in place to detect fraud. All fraudsters would have to pay back the money they fraudulently received from the government. They were going to make sure that this was done in the coming months.
The Minister of Seniors said that one of the most devastating outcomes of the COVID-19 crisis had been the impact on seniors living in long-term care homes. Out of 14 countries, Canada had been deemed the worst in its care of seniors. That was why the government would continue to work with other orders of government, particularly the provinces in whose jurisdiction this area rests primarily, to support answering these questions for the long term on how we improve the way Canada supports our elders.
On Friday, students in Quebec and Canada will be able to apply for the Canada emergency student benefit, which is a good thing. When they apply, they'll all be directed to a job bank that we've set up to make sure they know what jobs are available to get not only the money they need, but also the experience they need for their future, while helping our society in this crisis. Students can be part of it, but at the same time we must provide the necessary support for those who can't find a job.
Navdeep Bains wanted to highlight some of the initiatives the government had put forward to assist small businesses. The Canada emergency wage subsidy covers 75% of the wages of employees, and that way they can maintain their jobs. On top of that, the Canada emergency business account had issued 590,000 loans. The government had focused particularly on small businesses to make sure they had the appropriate support they needed. They would continue to bring forward the changes necessary to have more Canadians have access to this program, particularly small businesses in rural and remote communities.
Hon. Bill Morneau (Minister of Finance) said that Canada came into this crisis with a very strong fiscal position, and of course they would experience challenges as they move forward, but they believed that they should experience those challenges as we support Canadians. We think this was extremely important, and we would continue to focus on the well-being of all Canadians.
The program requirement changed in terms of revenue threshold. The payroll threshold for individual companies that want to apply for this loan to $20,000 versus $50,000, and the upper limit has gone to $1.5 million versus $1 million. We have focused particularly on small businesses to make sure they have the appropriate support they need. The Canada emergency wage subsidy covers 75% of the wages of employees, and that way they can maintain their jobs. On top of that, I want to highlight the Canada emergency business account, which has issued 590,000 loans. We will continue to bring forward the changes necessary to have more businesses
Bains said that the government had taken significant measures with respect to tourism, agriculture and regional development. Since the current situation was causing upheaval in the lives of Canadians from one end of the country to the other and that it was having a major impact on the small and medium businesses, the government was continuing to have discussions and to tailor measures so that as many Canadians as possible could take advantage of them.
The team discussed some of the points that they had been addressing in the mail they sent last week. They discussed the downsampling problem, the length of the filters, and how they could improve the model. The team also discussed how to better coordinate between the two sides of the model and how to make the model more robust. They also talked about how to improve the performance of the back-end recognizer for the Aurora task and how that could be done.
The team was trying to get a good handle on what "good features" were and how they could combine them using the soft "AND-OR" or more complicated methods. They were also trying to figure out where to get the targets from and how to train the detectors with equal strength towards it being this phone or that phone.
The professor thought that clustering was a good idea. He thought that the decision about how strongly to train the different pieces was based on a reasonable criterion with hidden variables rather than just assuming that you should train every detector with equal strength towards it being this phone or that phone.
The professor recalled that there was a researcher at A T-and-T a while back that was trying to do speech recognition from these kinds of features. The professor was concerned that the data might not be continuous variables and a bunch of them. He wanted binary labels and just a few.
PhD B wanted to do an experiment to see what would happen if they tried to improve the performance of the back-end recognizer for the Aurora task and see how that affects things. He started by going through the full HTK system for the Italian data and got the same results that Stephane had. He then went on-line and found a pronunciation dictionary for Italian digits and looked at the number of phones in each one of the digits. The team then discussed how to better coordinate between the two sides of the model. The professor suggested that they could do a soft target embedded neural net training like they had done
PhD B wanted to know what should be changed in the HTK back-end in order to improve the Aurora recognizer. The first thing he thought of was the fact that they used the same number of states for all of the models. So he went on-line and found a pronunciation dictionary for Italian digits and looked at the number of phones in each one of the digits.
The professor wanted to know what should be changed in the HTK back-end in order to improve the back recognizer for the Aurora task. He thought that the problem was that they used the same number of states for all of the models. The professor thought that it would be better if they did a soft target and embedded neural net training.
This was the first kick-off meeting of the new remote control project. First, the team had to think about what they would make. Then, the group discussed the weight of the remote control. The weight should be not too heavy. The buttons should be small. The LED on the corner should indicate that it was working. The remote control should not take a lot of batteries. And it should be compatible with other things.
User Interface thought the goal of a remote control was that it had an influence on the TV set. Industrial Designer thought big buttons were easier to use than small buttons. Project Manager thought it was positive if there was a LED on the corner of the remote.
The team decided that there should be an LED on the corner of the remote so that users would know that it still had batteries on it and that it was working. The team also agreed that the remote should be not too heavy and not too small.
This was the first meeting of the functional design meeting. Project Manager gave a presentation on the new project requirements from the bosses. Then, Industrial Designer, User Interface, and Marketing gave presentations on the functions of the remote control. After that, Project Manager asked the team to make some decisions about their remote control functions. The team came to a consensus that the power button, channel and volume buttons should be put near the thumb, and the LCD screen should be placed at the top. The group also agreed that the remote should be made of hard plastic with rubber and the labelling of the buttons could be indestructible.
Marketing first gave a presentation on the functional requirements of the remote control. The first point was that seventy-five percent of the current users thought most controls were very ugly. The second point was about fifty percent that more money would be spent on better looking controls. The third point was to make the buttons for the common tasks big or kind of flashy. The fourth point about the most important issues was to have a big zapping button or something in the middle, so that users could reach it with their thumb. The last point about functional requirements was to design a nice looking control.
Project Manager thought that the manual should be short and simple so that the user could take a look at it and know how it was supposed to work, rather than explaining how the remote works.
The group agreed that LCD screens were more reachable than speech recognition. However, they did not rule out the possibility of integrating speech recognition into the remote control.
Industrial Designer first gave a presentation about the basic function of the remote control. The remote control was basically just waiting for a user to press a key. The chip produced Morse code, a specific code to indicate that specific button that was pressed, and it used transistors in the in the remote to amplify and to send that signal again to the LED, which was the bulb. The user interface sent the different signals of the different buttons to the chip and the LED sent it to the receiver. The LCD screen was more reachable than the speech recognition because the TV set also recognises the signal and performs the assigned task
User Interface thought they would use more or need more buttons than the current one because they had to reduce the option to control the D-V-D also, and teletext and that kind of stuff.
Industrial Designer thought it would make the remote look like a calculator. Project Manager thought it was better to put the LCD at the bottom. User Interface thought the remote should be at the top because it's more familiar that way. Marketing thought the LCD was too big and it would be hard for users to recognize the buttons. Marketing also pointed out that the LCD screen would be too expensive. However, the group agreed to look it like the original but familiar remote control and keep the shape recognisable for everybody.