The Hubble telescope was launched in 1990.  It was built in the 70s.  We have advanced a lot since then, but it's still not the most advanced telescope in the world.
Electromagnetic relays have a much lower resistance than semiconductors, which means that they can be used for much more complex calculations. 

Electromagnetism is a field of physics, and it's a very powerful field of science.  It's the same reason why you can build a computer out of electromagnetics.
The Duke Brothers are trying to buy a lot of OJ at a high price.  They know they can't sell it at a low price because they don't have the money to pay for it.  So they make a bet that if they can sell it for $100,000, they can buy it at $500,000.  If they sell the OJ for $500K, they will get $100K.  But if they sell it, they'll get $500k.  

The problem is that the Duke Brothers have no idea how much OJ they can get for
It's called "snuck through" because it's a way to get a bill passed without having to go through the regular legislative process. 

It's also a way for members of Congress to make sure that the bill they're trying to pass doesn't get filibustered in the House or the Senate, so that they don't have to vote on it.
Africa has been going through a lot of changes in the last few years. 

There's a lot going on in the Congo.  There's a civil war going on between the government and the rebels in the DRC, which is a country in the middle east.  It's been a long time since the last civil war, but it's been going on for a while now.  The DRC is a very poor country, and the government is trying to get it back on track.

The DRC has had a few wars in the past, but they've all ended in peace
The money goes to the Federal Election Commission (FECFEC), which oversees the campaign finance laws. 

The money is used to pay for the salaries of the campaign staff, transportation, advertising, and media advertisements.

If the candidate drops out or loses, the money is put into the Presidential Election Campaign Fund, which is a separate account that the FEC oversees.
They are a different species. 

The queen is the one that lays the eggs, and the workers are the ones that care for the young.

They don't have the same genes as other insects, so they have to have a different set of genes.
The standard deduction is a way for you to reduce the amount of tax you pay on your income.  

If you have $100,000 in taxable income, you can deduct $10,000 of it from your taxes.  If you don't have that amount, then you can't deduct it at all.

However, if you have a $100K income, and you have expenses of $10K, you are allowed to deduct $5,000 from your tax bill.  This is called the standard deduction.
When you're asleep, your brain is in REM sleep, which is a state of deep unconsciousness. It's a state where you're not aware of what's going on around you, so your brain doesn't have time to process what's happening around you. 

When you dream, you're dreaming about things that are happening in real life, but your brain isn't aware of them.

For example, when you're walking down the street, your eyes are closed, and your brain can't focus on what you're doing, so you don't notice how fast you're going. When you
It's called tribonucleation.

Basically, when you crack your knuckles, the fluid in your synovial joints expands, causing a bubble to form in the joint. This creates a popping sound.
Aldi's cart "quarter" system(instead of the twelve in the US version) crossed off.  

It's called a quarter because it's the same amount of money as a regular cart, but it's a quarter less than a regular one.  It's a way to get the most money out of a dollar.
SoundHound and Shazam both use a microphone to pick up the sound signature of a song. 

They use that to identify the song.
They don't charge their phones at home, they charge them at the UN office.
When the engines burn fuel, they burn hydrocarbons, which are water vapour. When they burn the fuel, the water vapor in the exhaust is converted to H2O, which is a greenhouse gas that causes the trail behind the jet to form. 

_URL_0_
It is illegal to advertise tobacco on television, but not alcohol.

The Tobacco Control Act of 1970 prohibits all advertising and promotion of tobacco products, except for health promotion. 

Alcohol is not illegal.
It doesn't. 

People are more likely to vote based on the policies and the person, not the party label.  If you don't have a party label, it's easier to just vote for whoever you think is the best candidate.
It's not your heart that's hurting, it's your mind telling your brain that your heart is hurting. 

When you're heartbroken, your brain sends signals to your heart telling it that something is wrong, and your body interprets those signals as pain.
Freckles are caused by a mutation in the MC1R gene, which codes for melanin. Melanin is a pigment that protects your skin from the sun's harmful UV rays. If you have freckles, you have a mutation that causes your skin to produce more melanin, which makes it more sensitive to the sun.
It doesn't do anything. It's just a way for the browser to keep track of what you're doing while you're logged in. 

If you click the logout button on a secure website, the browser will ask you to log out of the browser.  If you don't want to, it won't.
The difference between downloading and uploading, why is uploading typically so much slower? Why can't the server just "download" from the client?
When you touch the hot and neutral wires it creates a short, but not when you plug something in.

When you plug in a cable, you are touching the "hot" and "neutral" wires.  The hot wires are the ones that are connected to the power supply, and the neutral wires are those that are connecting to the AC power supply.  When you touch one of those wires, you're touching the hot wires, and not the neutral ones.
Tequila has a bad reputation because it's made from cheap, cheap ingredients. It's made in Mexico, it's not made in the USA, and it's cheap.
The first verse is "I'll go no more a-roving, with you fair maid, since roving's been my ru-i-in"

The second verse is:

"I'm going no-more a-rving, I'll go to the fair maid"



The third verse is, "I'm gonna be a-roung, I'm gonna stay a-raving, but I'm not going no more."

This is the first verse of the second verse.

It's the first line of the third verse, and it's the
They don't. 

They're not.

There's a chip in the console that reads the data off the disc.  It's called an RTC chip, and it's used to communicate between the console and the PC.  When the PC starts up, it connects to the chip and tells it what it needs to do.  The chip then sends that information to the PC, which then sends it back to the console.  If the PC doesn't have the chip, it can't do it, but if it does, the PC can do it for it.
Symmetry makes a face pretty, what makes a voice pretty?
It's called a squib load. 

The gun is designed to fire blanks, not live ammunition.  When the gun is dropped or thrown onto the ground, the primer is stuck in the barrel, which causes it to fire.
I think it has to do with the way your brain interprets time. When you watch something for the first time, your brain tries to process it as if it's a single event. 

When you watch a second time, you're processing it as a series of separate events happening at the same time.  Your brain is trying to process them as if they're all happening at once.  It's like when you're watching a movie.  The first time you watch it, you don't know what's going on, but the second time you do, you do.

Your brain is
I think it has to do with the fact that Native Americans have been living on reservations for a long time and have been subjected to a lot of abuse and trauma. 

In the early 1800s, Native Americans were sent to boarding schools, where they were forced to drink alcohol, rape, and be raped by white people.

This led to alcoholism in Native Americans.
It's not harmful to waste water down the drain. 

It's harmful to your body because it's full of bacteria and viruses.
The ISS is not designed to have artificial gravity. 

The ISS was designed to be a laboratory, not a laboratory.  It's purpose was to be used as a sleep module for the astronauts.  The ISS is a laboratory for science experiments, not for exercise.

It's also not practical to have a centrifugal element on the ISS.  There's not enough mass in the ISS to support the weight of the centrifuge, and it's not practical for the crew to use it as a sleeping module.  If you were to add a false gravity element to the ISS, you'd have
We don't use mirror based camouflage because it doesn't work. 

Our military uses a lot of different patterns of camouflage, and they're all very different.

The US Air Force, for example, uses a camouflage pattern called "Berlin camo", which is based on the color of the Berlin Wall.  It's a very good pattern, but it's very hard to use in all environments, and it's a lot more expensive to make. 


_URL_0_

It's also very difficult to make a uniform that is the same color in all climates.
Heart failure is caused by a lack of blood flow to the heart. 

Heart failure can be caused by any number of things.

Chronic heart failure is a condition where the heart muscle can no longer pump enough blood to keep up with the amount of blood being pumped into the heart, and the heart can't pump as much as it used to. 


Heart attack is a heart attack caused by an abnormal heart rhythm.  This is caused when the heart is beating too fast, or too irregularly, and it causes the heart to stop pumping blood into the blood vessels.
I think it has to do with circadian rhythm. 

Your body has a circadian rhythm, which is the cycle of when you go to sleep, when you wake up, and when you sleep.

When you're a baby, your body goes through a sleep cycle where it goes through REM (Rapid Eye Movement) sleep cycles.  This is the period of sleep when you're most awake.  When you're an adult, you go through a wake up cycle where you go from REM sleep to REM sleep, and then back to sleep again.  Your body doesn't go through this cycle as
They use a lensmeter to measure the size and shape of the lens. They also measure the curvature of the cornea (the part of the eye that makes up the back of your eye) to determine the angle of the lenses.
The smell of gas is caused by the thiols in it. 

Thiols are a group of organic molecules that react with each other to form a chemical called aldehyde, which is the smell of natural gas.

The thiol is the chemical that gives off the smell.
The US is on the left side of the map because it's the most populated country in the world. 

The reason it's on the right side is because the US is the most populous country on earth.
It's mostly fat. 

The rest of it is protein.

It's not fat, it's mostly carbohydrates.
It's not the same as electricity in power lines. 

Electrical currents travel at the same speed as electricity, but they don't travel the same distance.

The speed of an electrical current is determined by the distance between the two points.  The distance between a wire and a nerve is proportional to the time it takes for the electrical current to travel from one point to the other.  If you have a wire that is 1/10th of the length of a wire, then it will travel at 1/100th the speed of light.  But if you have wires that are 1/
The cloud is where all the data is stored. 

When you play a game, you're playing it on your computer.  Your computer has a hard drive that stores the game files.  When you play it on the cloud, the game saves the files on a server.  The server then sends the files to the game client, which is a thin client that connects to your computer and plays the game.

The server has a huge amount of storage space, so it can store a lot of data at once.  This means that when you play the game, it doesn't have to wait
The Western world "forgiven" Germany for WWII, but the Eastern/Asian world still hates Japan.

It's not so much that they hate Japan as it is that they don't want Japan to be a part of the world. 

Germany was a great power, but Japan was a terrible power, and they were a horrible power.  They were the most powerful country in the world, but they were also the most corrupt and most brutal.
When you hear music or sound, your brain sends a signal to your brain that says "hey, listen to this song, this is what it sounds like". Your brain interprets that signal as a memory.

When you recall a memory, you're remembering the sound, not the memory itself. 

Your brain uses the sound as a trigger to create a sequence of memories.  This sequence is called an episodic memory.  It's a collection of memories that are stored in different parts of your brain.  For example, when you hear a song, your memory is stored in the left temporal
Churches are 501(c)(3) non-profit organizations, which means that they don't have to pay taxes. 

They are tax-exempt because they are not required to pay any taxes.

The reason they are exempt from tax is because the government doesn't want to tax them because they're a religious organization.
Taiwan is part of China, but it is not part of the mainland. 

It is a de facto independent country, but not a state.  It is not a part of any other country.  The Republic of China (ROC) is the government of the island, and it has its own constitution and laws.  But it does not have the same legal rights as the rest of China.

The ROC is not recognized as a state by the UN, nor is it a member of the World Trade Organization, nor does it have any diplomatic relations with other countries.
I think it's because they don't want to lose market share. 

If you have a business in a country that doesn't want you to be able to do business there, then you can't sell your services there.
Composition is the act or practice of creating a song, an instrumental music piece, a work with both singing and instruments, or another type of music. 

Composers write music for instruments they don't play.  For example, if you want to write a piece for a piano, you need to know how to play the notes.  If you don't know that, you can't write the music.
It's called the [Valsalva reflex](_URL_0_). It's a reflex that allows the baby to expand or exercise their lungs to get a response from their caregivers.
They can, but they can't stop the number of attempts done. 

The problem is that the supercomputers that crack codes can't be easily stopped by preventing the amount of attempts.

They can be stopped by stopping the size of the supercomputer, but that's not enough to stop them.  They need to be able to keep track of how many times they've tried to crack the code, and how many attempts they've made.  That's the hard part.  It's not that they're not capable of cracking codes, it's that they don't have the computing power to
It depends on the deal. 

If you're talking about a venture capital deal, a royalty is a way for the venture capital investor to get a percentage of the profits of the company they're investing in.

For example, if you're trying to raise $500,000 in venture capital, and you want to sell your company for $100,000, you need to get 50% of the value of your company's stock. If you're looking for a $100 million deal, you're going to need to raise a lot of money from venture capitalists, and they're not going to give
It's called stereopsis.

When you look at a picture, your eyes see it from two different angles. If you're looking at the picture from the front, you're seeing it from the left eye, and if you look from the right eye, it's from the back. 

Your brain interprets these images as two separate images, and interprets them as a single image. This is called binocular depth perception.
They don't know they're going to die, but they do know that they are going to be eaten by a predator. 

They also know that if they don't do something, they will die.
Your eyes are designed to focus light on the retina, which is the part of your eye that is responsible for seeing the image. 

Your peripheral vision is not as good as your central vision.  Your eyes are not designed to take in light from the whole field of vision, but rather to focus it on a few areas.  When you look directly at the sun, the light is focused on your retina, but when you look at your peripherals, it's focused on the back of your eyes.  This is why you can't see the sun in your peripheral vision.
Graphics get better over time.

First, you have to understand that graphics are not a single thing, they are a collection of things. 

Imagine you have a piece of paper with a bunch of pictures on it.  If you want to draw a picture of a tree, you need to know how many trees there are in the tree.  You have to know the size of the tree, the height of the trees, the distance between trees, and the distance from trees to trees.  This is called a triangle.  Each triangle has a number of pixels in it, and each pixel is
Yes, it does impair driving ability, but not to the same extent as alcohol does.

THC is a psychoactive substance, which is why it's illegal to drive under the influence of alcohol, but it's not illegal to use it to get high.
I think it has to do with the fact that when you go to the bathroom, your body releases a hormone called endorphins, which causes you to feel the need to urinate and defecate. When you come home, you don't have that hormone, so your body doesn't have time to release it.
You can run a mac VM on a PC. 

Mac OS is a proprietary operating system.  It's not like a PC is a copy of Linux, it's a version of OS X.  The reason you can't run a Mac VM on Linux is because the OS X kernel is not binary compatible with the host OS.

You can, but it takes a lot of time and effort to make it work.
When you're not wearing your glasses, your eyes are adapted to see in air. When you're in water, they are not.

Your eyes are designed to focus light on the back of the retina, which is the part of your eye that focuses the light. When they are underwater, they focus light from the air onto the retina. This is why you can't see a thing when you are not wearing glasses.
Binary numbers represent binary numbers.

Human languages are written in a language that can be read and understood by humans. 

We can understand binary numbers, but we can't understand human language.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'll try to explain.

France is a member of the EU, and as such is part of the Schengen Area, which allows people to travel freely between EU countries without having to go through border checks. 

The problem is that many of these people are not legal citizens, and are not allowed to work in France, so they are not able to get jobs. They are not eligible for social benefits, and they cannot claim asylum in France because they do not have the right documents to do so. So they are forced to work illegally
We can measure the number of cells in a brain or sperm by measuring the voltage current flowing through the cell. This is measured by using a microelectrode, which is a device that connects to the cell and measures the voltage. 

We can also measure the amount of DNA in a cell by measuring how many nucleotides are present in the cell, and how many of each type of DNA are present.
It's called "region locking". 

It's a way for Nintendo to make sure that their games are only available in the US and not in other countries.

The reason they do it is because they don't want their games to be pirated.
Public health insurance in the US is subsidized by the government.

In other words, the government pays for the health care of the people, not the private health insurance companies.
I think it has to do with the fact that we can't rub our bellies and pat our heads at the same time. 

_URL_0_
It's not. 

Dust is made up of a lot of different things.  It's mostly water, but it can also be metals, minerals, carbonates, carbon dioxide, etc.

It's a liquid because it's made of water molecules.  The water molecules are attracted to the oxygen molecules in the air, and the carbon dioxide molecules attract the water molecules, and so on.  This is why it's called "dust".

If you want to know more about it, check out [this thread](_URL_0_).
It's not a good idea or bad idea to buy 1 share of every single stock in the stock market.

If you're buying a stock at $10,000, you're not buying it at $100,000.  You're buying it for $50,000 because you think it's going to be worth that much.  If you buy a stock for $25,000 and it's worth $100K, then you're getting $50K in return for $10K. 

But if you buy 100,000 shares for $5K, and the stock is worth $50
Fabric softeners are made up of a bunch of molecules that are electrically charged.  These molecules are attracted to the surface of the fabric and neutralize their charge.  This causes the threads to "stand up" from the fabric, which makes it softer and fluffier.
It's not that common grass can't be used as grain, it's just that it's not as nutritious as grain. 

Grain contains a lot of chemicals that make it difficult for animals to digest, and it takes a long time for them to digest the grain.

If you want to grow grain, you need to harvest the grain and turn it into hay, which takes a lot more time and energy than you do with grass.
I'm not sure what you're talking about. 

There are a lot of people who work in retail jobs that are not directly involved in online shopping.  They are part of the team that runs the store.  For example, if you're a cashier at a grocery store, you're the one who runs the cash register.  You're also the one that takes care of the cashiers, the cashier, the checkouts, the registers, and all the other things that make up the store's operations.  If you don't have a job, you can't do those jobs.
Russia has been around for a long time, but it's only been a few hundred years since the fall of the Mongol Empire. 

Russia was founded by the Tsardom of Russia in the middle of the 17th century, and it's been ruled by the tsars ever since.  The tsars were the most powerful empire in the world, and they were able to hold onto most of Asia for a very long time.
Your skin is made up of two layers, the dermis and dermis. The dermis is the layer that protects your skin from bacteria and viruses, and it is constantly being attacked by the bacteria. 

The dermis protects the skin from the bacteria, and the epidermis protects it from the viruses.

When you squeeze out a zit, you're squeezing out a layer of dermis, which is the part of your skin that protects you from bacteria. When you squeeze it out, you are also squeezing out some of your dermis (the layer that keeps your skin moisturized).
It doesn't really protect your butt from others germs. 

It does protect you from fecal matter, but not all germs are the same.

If you're using a public toilet, you're more likely to be exposed to germs than you are to other people.
Because it's a measure of your ability to pay, not your score. If you have a score of 0, it means you can't get a loan.

Credit scores start at zero because they're based on the FICO score, which is a credit score developed by Fair Isaac Corporation. 

The FICO scores are used by banks and credit unions to determine your creditworthiness.  They use a number of factors to calculate your credit score, including your age, income, education, age at the time of the test, and whether or not you have any outstanding debt.
When you learn a new language, your brain is trying to make sense of it. 

It's not that it's hard to do, it's that it takes a long time for your brain to get used to it.

When you first start learning a language, you don't really know how it works.  You don't know the grammar, the vocabulary, the rules, or the rules of the language.  It's not like you're learning it from scratch, you're trying to learn it from the first time you hear it.
When you squint, the light from the sun hits the back of your eye and bounces off of the pupil. This causes the pupil to dilate, making it easier for light to enter your eyes.
I think it's because it's easier for people to see the logo on the left pec than the right. 

_URL_0_
Hair follicles are made up of proteins called keratin. When you get an ingrown hair, the skin is swollen, which causes the keratin to contract, causing the hair to grow longer.
The federal government has a lot of power over colleges and universities because they are part of the federal education system. The federal government is responsible for ensuring that all schools that receive federal student aid are complying with the requirements of Title IX, which is a federal law that prohibits discrimination based on race, gender, and sexual orientation in education.
Rwanda is a country in the middle east of Africa. There are two main ethnic groups, the Hutu and the Tutsi. The Hutu are the dominant ethnic group, who are farmers and pastoralists. The Tutsis are the ruling class, and they are the educated and well-educated class.

In the early 1900s, the Belgians took control of the country and established the Kingdom of Rwanda, which was ruled by a monarchy. The Belgians decided that they wanted to divide the country into two ethnic groups: Hutu (the ruling class) and Tutsus (the
Lactic acid is a byproduct of aerobic respiration.  When you exercise, your muscles need oxygen to produce ATP, which is a chemical that your body converts into energy.

When you're not exercising, your body uses lactic acid as a way to convert ATP into lactate.  Lactic acid builds up in your muscles because your body doesn't have enough oxygen to make ATP, so it needs to use it to make lactate instead.
I think it's because it's more efficient. 

In a tiered system, you have to pay a tax on all income, not just the top tax rate.  If you have a higher tax rate on the top income, then you have more money to spend on things like education, health care, etc.

If you have lower tax rates on the bottom income, you don't have enough money to pay for things like health care or education, so you have less money to put into those things.  This is why we have a progressive tax system.  The higher the tax rate,
There was a time when public examinations were the only way to get into a university.  

You had to take an entrance exam to get in.  You had to have a high enough grade point average to pass the entrance exam.  If you passed the exam, you got into the university, but if you didn't pass it, you had to sit for an entrance test.  This was called a matriculation exam.

Nowadays, there are a lot of private schools that have their own entrance exams.  They don't have to take public exams, but they do have to pass
It's not so much that it actually helps in a lot of cases, it's that it makes it easier for you to troubleshoot the problem. 

If you're having a problem with your computer, it can be a lot harder to find the root cause of a problem than it is to fix it.

When your computer crashes, it is usually because the operating system is trying to figure out what is causing the problem, and it can't figure it out until it has a chance to check the hardware and software it is connected to, and if it finds a problem, it will reboot the
IP addresses are assigned by the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA) and the regional Internet Registries (RIRs). Each RIR maintains a publicly searchable WHOIS database that provides information about IP address assignments. 

IP addresses can be assigned by DHCP (Dynamic Hosting Protocol) or CIDR (Comprehensive Domain Name System).

CIDR is a way to assign IP addresses to a network.

When you get an IP address, you can use it to send or receive data from a computer on the other side of the network.  For example, if you have
I'm not sure what you're talking about. 

If you're not wearing glasses, your vision is fine, but if you are wearing them, the light from your eyes is bouncing off of your glasses and bouncing off your retina, which is the part of your eye that makes up your vision.

When you wear glasses, it's because your eyes are trying to focus on the light coming in from the outside, not the inside of your eyes.  When you wear them, you're focusing on the outside of the glasses, which means that the light is bouncing away from your retina.  This
It is possible. 

There are many ways to achieve world peace, but the most common way is through non-violent conflict resolution.

The easiest way to achieve peace is through peaceful co-operation.  If you have a group of people who are willing to work together to solve a problem, you can create a situation where they are not at the mercy of the other group.  For example, if there is a war between two groups of people in the Middle East, they can come together and find a way to resolve the conflict.  This can be done through negotiation, negotiation, and negotiation
The water level in your toilet tank is regulated by the amount of water in the tank, not the amount you pee into the toilet. 

If you pee too much, the water level will rise, but if you don't pee enough, it will stay the same.
When you hold your breath underwater, your lungs are compressed, and your heart rate slows down. 

When you're not underwater, the pressure in your lungs is high enough that your heart can pump more blood to your lungs, which makes it harder for your lungs to hold their breath.
The black cables on the highway are the cable that runs under the highway.  They are used to keep the cars in the lane they are traveling on.  

_URL_0_
The Novikov self-consistency principle is a theorem of general relativity. It states that if an event exists that would cause a paradox or any "change" to the past whatsoever, then the probability of that event being true is zero. 

This is a very important principle because it is a fundamental law of quantum mechanics.  It says that if you travel through spacetime, you will not be affected by any change in the past.  This means that you can't travel through space-time, but you can travel through time.

General Relativity is a theory of the universe that
Evolution is a very complicated topic.  It's not something that can be explained in a simple way.  

There are a lot of different theories about it, but the basic idea is that evolution is based on the principle of natural selection.  This means that if you have a trait that makes you different from other people, you are more likely to be selected for that trait.  For example, if you are a sloth, you're less likely to have sloth limbs than a human.  If you're a human, and you're not sloth-legged, then you're more
I think it has to do with the fact that math is a very hard subject to learn. It's not that kids hate math, it's that they don't know how to do it. They don't understand how it works, or how to apply it to real world situations.
Your urine is made up of a bunch of different chemicals called uric acid. 

When you urinate, your kidneys break down the water in your urine into different chemicals.  These chemicals are dissolved in the urine, and when they are broken down, they are released into the air, which is then absorbed by your body.

The water is then used as a medium for the urine to be absorbed by the cells in your body, and the chemicals that make up the urine are then used by your kidneys to break down these different chemicals and turn them back into water.  This is why your urine
Cheeto cheese is made by fermenting whey (milk) in a mold. The whey is then mixed with salt, sugar, and spices. The salt and spices make it taste sweet and salty. The cheese is then pressed and ripened for not less than 2 months.
If Apple, Amazon, or Google go belly up, all the content you've purchased from them would be gone.  

If Google goes belly up too, it would be wiped out.
Yes, there were spiders during the dawn of the dinosaurs, but they didn't have the spinnerets that we know of today. 

Spiders evolved in the Carboniferous period, which is about 300 million years ago.

They evolved from a group of arthropods that lived on the ground, and they evolved to be able to make webs.  They were probably ground-dwelling predators, living in the giant clubmoss and fern forests of the mid-late Palaeozoic, where they were presumably predators of other primitive arthropod.
Visual Thinkers tend to be more visual oriented, while Verbal Thinkers are more verbal oriented. 

It used to be that if you were a visual thinker, you were more likely to be able to think in terms of numbers, letters, colors, shapes, etc.

If you are a verbal thinking person, you tend to think about things in a more visual way, and you are less likely to use numbers and letters as a way to describe things.
It's not that you can't hear it, it's that you're not hearing it in the same way as if you were listening to it in a perfectly quiet room.

Imagine you're listening to a song in a quiet room, but you're hearing it through speakers in your head. You're hearing the music, but your brain is interpreting it as if it's coming from the speakers in the room.
If we removed a chunk of the sun (say like 1/4), what would happen?

The sun would be a white dwarf. It would be much smaller than it is now, but it would still be a red giant.

It would be so big that it would be able to swallow all the planets in the solar system, including Earth.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'll try to explain it. 

In the early 1900s, there was a strike in the United States.  The U.S. government was trying to unionize the coal mining industry, but the miners didn't want to join the union.  They wanted to strike because they felt that they were being underpaid and that they weren't being treated fairly.  So the miners went on strike.  This was a very successful strike, and the miners were able to get a fair wage increase.

A few years later, the miners
NATO didn't disband after the fall of the Soviet Union.

The USSR was still a huge military power, and the US was still the biggest military power in the world. 

Russia was still very much a powerful military power.
A frying pan is a pan designed for frying. 

A sautee pan is designed for sautéing.
The nerves that cause the pain are called nociceptors. They are the nerves that send pain signals to your brain. 

When you get a cut, your brain sends a signal to the nerves in the area that causes the pain to be felt. This signal is sent to your spinal cord, which is the nerve that sends the pain signal to your nerves in your head.

The nerve that is causing the pain is called the nerve stem, and it is the part of the brain responsible for sending pain signals. The nerve stem is located in the back of your head, and is responsible for
I don't know about you, but I've never heard of this before. 

I think it has to do with the fact that if you use a debit card at an ATM, the machine will not be able to read your PIN.  If you use your credit card, it will read your card, and if it doesn't, it won't work.

If you use debit cards, it's because it's easier for the machine to read the card than it is to read a magnetic stripe.
Allergies are caused by the fact that your body's immune system is trying to fight off an invading foreign organism. 

Allergy is caused by a chemical called histamine, which is produced by the immune system.  It is released by your immune system in the form of histamine-like molecules called histamines.  These histamines cause your body to produce histamines, which cause you to have an allergic reaction.
There are fighter boats, but they are not as fast as fighter jets.

A fighter boat has to be able to keep up with the speed of a fighter jet, which is a lot slower than a fighter boat.
Snapchat is worth a lot of money because they have a huge user base, and because they are a social media platform. 

Tinder, on the other hand, is only worth a few million dollars because it is a dating app.
When you orgasm, your body releases nitric oxide, which causes your sinuses to open up and clear out.
They don't. 

It's not an advantage for species to have retained this ability while evolving, it's an evolutionary disadvantage.
Because the sun is out and there's no clouds. 

In winter, the air in the sky reflects more of the sun's light back into the earth, so it's colder.
It's a combination of things. 

1. Your vocal chords.  Your vocal cords are the ones that make up your voice.  If you have a strong vocal chords, you are naturally good at singing.

2. Your voice is shaped by the way your vocal cords work.  You have to learn how to use your vocal chords to make the sound you want to make.  The more you learn, the better you will be able to make that sound.  It's not that you're naturally good, it's that you've learned how to make it sound good.
It's not the exact northern point in relation to the rest of the universe, it's the point where the sun's orbit crosses the equator.

It's also the point at which the sun and the moon are at the same distance from the earth. 

_URL_0_
We don't know for sure, but it's possible. 

There are a lot of planets in our solar system that are similar to Earth, but not all of them are habitable.

If you look at the list of planets that we know of, you'll see that they're all K-type stars, which are the most common type of stars in the Milky Way. They're also the most likely to have liquid water, which is what life needs to survive. 


The problem is that there's not enough oxygen in the atmosphere to sustain life, and there's no ozone in the
Sonar is used to detect underwater intruders. 

The problem with sonar is that it has a very long range, meaning that it travels at a very high frequency.  This means that it can be used to find things that are far away from the source of the sound.  For example, if you are using sonar on a ship in the middle of the ocean, you can't see the bottom because it's too far away.

If you're using it on a boat in the deep sea, you're not seeing the bottom.  You're seeing the sound waves coming from the
Pasadena was founded in the late 1800s as a resort town. 

It was originally a small farming community, but as the railroads came through the area, it became a major hub for railroads.

The railroads built a lot of railroads, and many of the people who lived there were able to get jobs in the mining industry.
Reddit's apparent stance that all GMO food is just fine isn't true.

GMOs are not all good for us. 

There are a lot of things that are bad for us, but not all of them.  There are some things that can be bad for you, and there are some that are good for you.
The birthday paradox is the result of the fact that there are only 366 possible birthdays in a year. 

Let's say you have a class of 30 people, and you want to know which one of them has the same birthday as everyone else in the class.

You ask them all to give you their birthdays, and tell you how many of them have the same day. 


If you look at the list of people in the room, you'll see that there's a 50% chance that they all share a birthday, and that's the probability that they share the same date.
The pupil is made up of two groups of muscles, the iris and the sclera. The iris contains two groups called the sphincter pupillae, and a radial group called the dilator pupilae. The muscles are connected by nerves to the retina, which is the part of the eye that is responsible for vision. When the muscles contract, they constrict, which causes the pupil to dilate.
It depends on what type of muscle memory you're talking about. 

If you are talking about learning to ride a bike, there are two main types of muscle memories.

The first type is called motor memory.  It's the part of your brain that controls the movement of your muscles.  When you first learn to ride, your motor memory is stored in your cerebellum, which is a part of the brain responsible for motor control.  The second type of memory is called spatial memory, and it's stored in the basal ganglia.  This is where you learn how to move your
We don't find intelligence incredibly and overpoweringly attractive. 

We find intelligence attractive because it is a survival trait.  It is a way for us to survive.  If we didn't have it, we wouldn't be able to reproduce.
I think it has to do with the fact that "peoples" and "people" are two different words. 

"Peoples" is a noun, "people", "people," is a verb.

The plural form of "person" is used to refer to a group of people, and the singular form is used when referring to a single person.
A mod is a piece of software that can be used to make changes to a game's code. 

For example, if you want to make a mod to make it easier for you to play a game, you can use the modders tools in the game to modify the code in such a way that makes it easier to play the game.
Paper towels are made up of a thin layer of gesso, which absorbs water and other liquids.  

Paper is porous, which means that it can absorb water, but it can't absorb all of it.  It can absorb some of it, but not all.
Horses have long, strong legs because they are designed to run over rough terrain. They have long hooves, which provide traction on the ground, and their hooves are strong enough to keep them from slipping on the rough ground. 

Horse hooves also have a lot of bone in them, which is why they are so strong.
The Bill of Rights is not explicit about this. 

The 8th Amendment protects the right to not be deprived of life, liberty, and property by the government.
Fiber is a very expensive thing to build. 

Google Fiber is being built on a submarine cable, which means it has to be laid over a very long distance.

The cost of laying the cable is a lot higher than the cost of building the fiber itself, so they have to pay a lot of money to build the cable.  They are also building it on a very large scale, so it is taking a lot longer to build than they expected.
We didn't know what we were creating. We didn't even know how we were making it.

We just knew that it was something that needed to be made, and that it needed to have a certain amount of alcohol in it. 

It's not that we didn't understand how to make it, it's just that we weren't aware of how to do it.
It works like this:

A torrent is a list of all the torrents that are currently being downloaded.  

The list is called a "seeder".  The tracker knows where the torrent is being downloaded and who is downloading it, so they send out a request to all the peers who are currently downloading it.

When a peer connects to the seeder, it connects to all of the peers in the swarm, and asks them to download the torrent.  The seeder knows where all the pieces of the torrent are being downloaded, so it sends out requests for them.
A block and tackle pulley is a set of pulleys that are attached to a block. 

A block is a piece of rope that is attached to the ground, and a tackle is a part of the ground that is tied to the block.

The block is the rope, and the tackle is the pulley.
The Pythogeran theorem is a theorem that states that the Pythagorean theorem is true.

Let's say you have a set of integers A, B, C, D, E, F, G, and G. 

Now, let's say we want to know how many pairs of pairs of socks we have. 


We know that we have pairs of two socks, but we don't know how to count them.  So, we need to prove that we can count them in Peano arithmetic, and we can do this by showing that if we have two pairs of
Optical cable is cheaper than copper, but it's not as reliable as fiber optic cable.

Fiber optic cables are more reliable, but they're also more expensive to install and maintain than copper cables.
At absolute zero, all matter has no energy. 

Think of it like this:

Imagine you have a glass of water at room temperature.  The water has a certain amount of energy in it.  When you heat it up, it expands and contracts.  This is called the "enthalpy" of the water.

When you cool it down, the water expands again and contracts again.  Now, the amount of water in the glass is the same, but the temperature is lower.  So, when you cool the water down, it will expand again and contract again.
The extra point rule change was a result of the "guaranteed point" rule.  

In the NFL, the extra point is worth double what it is normally worth, and it was decided that it would be better for the team with the ball to have the ball on the 25 yard line instead of the 15 yard line.

The reason for the change is that the NFL wants to make sure that if a team scores a field goal, they don't have to kick it from the 25.  If they do, they can take a time out and try to run out the clock.
ELI5 is for ELI5 questions, and /r/AskScience is for general science questions.

The difference between a question that belongs on ELI1 and ELI2 is that ELI6 is for questions that are ELI7, ELI8 is for question that is ELI9, and so on.
I think it has to do with taste buds. 

When you're a baby, your taste buds are still developing, so you're not used to the taste buds of adults.  When you start eating solid foods, you're used to a lot of different tastes and textures.  So you're more likely to be able to taste the sweetness and sourness of the food.

As you get older, you start to taste more and more of the same things.  You're not as used to different textures and tastes, and you're less likely to have the same taste buds in your mouth.
Breathing is the act of expanding and contracting your lungs.  When you take a breath, your diaphragm and other muscles in your chest expand and contract.  This causes the air in your lungs to expand.

When you exhale, you are expanding your lungs and contracting them.  You are also contracting them, which causes them to contract.
We have facial recognition software, even cheap phone filters recognise faces, but captcha is somhow immune to bots
It would appear as a dark spot or invisible to us.

Our eyes are sensitive to wavelengths of light between 380-750 nanometers, which we perceive as the colors of the spectrum: red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, and violet. 

If the object is beyond that range, we can't see it.
No. 

If you were in a coma for a long time, your body would not be able to produce enough energy to maintain your vital organs, so you would not age normally.
Obamacare has been getting a lot of hate in the US because it is a huge change to the way the US healthcare system works. 

In the UK, the NHS is run by the NHS, which is a private company.  The NHS is funded by the government, and the government pays for it.

Obamacare is a big change to how the NHS works, which means that the government will have to pay for it, and it will be a lot more expensive for people to get health insurance.  This means that people will be forced to buy private insurance, which will mean that they will
It depends on the country. 

In the case of the US, the US government pays for the cost of the goods it buys from the other country.

For example, if the US buys a truckload of apples from China, the Chinese government will pay the US for the truckload, and the US will pay them back in the form of taxes.
It's because the word for "mother" has an'm' sound in it. 

In Latin, "ma" is derived from "maa", which means "mother".

"Ma" means "grandmother" or "grandma" in English.

The "m" sound comes from the Latin word "ma", which is the same sound as "mum".
I think it's a cultural thing. 

In the US, servers are paid a living wage, but they are expected to give a portion of their tips to other employees as well.  If they don't, they can't make enough to cover the cost of food and drinks, so they have to share their tips with other employees.
There is no such thing as a maximum temperature in the universe.  The universe is expanding and expanding, but it is not going to reach the point where it reaches absolute temperature.  It is going to go through a number of cycles of expansion and contraction before it reaches that point.  

_URL_0_
It's a great movie.  It's not just about the plot, it's about the characters, the world, and the setting.

It's also about the people who wrote it, and how they were portrayed in it.
It's not a big deal, it's just that 1 degree difference in temperature is the difference between the average temperature across the entire world. 

If you live in a place with a 1 degree temperature difference, you're going to have a lot more heat than if you lived in the same place in the middle of the world.
I think it has to do with the fact that when you look at a word, your brain interprets it as if you're looking at a picture of a person.  Your brain is trying to process the information in your eyes, and when it sees a picture, it interprets that as a word.
Sloths are nocturnal, meaning they spend most of their time in the trees.  They don't need to eat much to survive, so they don't have to go hunting.

Sloths also have a very slow metabolism, which is why they are able to live so long.  Their fur is made of green algae, which helps them stay warm and dry.
It's not worth it. 

If you want to expand your borders, you have to build up your military, which is expensive and takes a lot of time and money.  If you don't have the money, you can't build it.
It's because film has a different resolution than video. 

Video is recorded at 1080p, which is a higher resolution than film.

Film is shot at 35mm, which means that it has a wider field of view than video, and therefore has a higher dynamic range.  This means that the film has more dynamic range, which makes it look better.
Humans are born with a sense of superiority. 

When someone is arrogant, it's because they think they are superior to everyone else.  They think that they are better than everyone else, and that they deserve to be treated better.

Humans don't like to feel inferior to others, so when they see someone being arrogant, they get angry.  It's the same reason we get angry when we see someone doing something we think is wrong.
PGP fingerprint is a way for people to exchange public key information over the internet. 

It is used to authenticate that you are the person you say you are.

You need a public key to do this, and you need a fingerprint to do it.
Fire extinguishers are made of glass.  They are designed to break the glass to make it easier for water to reach the nozzle.

The reason we have to break glass is because it is easier to access the nozzle than it is to break it.  If you break it, you can't get the nozzle out of the glass.
Sunburn is caused by the sun hitting your skin. 

Your skin is made up of a bunch of cells called keratinocytes.  When you get sunburned, the cells in your skin are damaged and die.  The cells die, and your body's immune system reacts by attacking the damaged cells and causing them to die.

When you get a burn, your body releases a hormone called TNF-alpha, which activates your immune system, which causes your skin to become inflamed.  This causes your body to release a chemical called cytokine, which makes your skin feel warm.
The advantages and disadvantages of the gold standard system over our current economic model:

1. The gold standard limited the flexibility of the central banks' monetary policy by limiting their ability to expand the money supply.

2. Gold is a very good store of value, so if you want to buy something, you need to have enough gold to cover the cost of the purchase. 

3. If you don't have gold, you can't buy things. 


4. The value of gold is tied to the value of other countries' currencies, so that if you buy something from another country
I'm not an expert in music theory, but I'll try my best to give you a basic understanding of what modes are and why they are used and aren't used. 

In classical music, the major and minor keys are used to represent the major scale and the minor scale. The major scale is the scale that is used in the major key. The minor scale is used to describe the scale in the minor key.

There are a few different kinds of modes, but the most common ones are:

Major: (1) Major scale: (2) Minor scale (3) Major
It's not wrong to assume that some breeds of dogs have different temperaments and intelligence levels, but it's not right to assume the same for humans
Your ears are sensitive to noise.  When you're in bed, your ears are not used to it.  They are used to the sound of the world around you.

When you're awake, your brain is used to hearing the sounds around you, but when you're asleep, you're not.  Your brain doesn't need to hear as much noise.
GMO stands for "Genetically Modified Organism". 

A GMO is a plant that has been genetically modified to be able to do certain things.

For example, if you want to grow apples, you need to genetically modify the apples to be resistant to browning.  So you can grow apples that are resistant to the browning of apples, but not to the color of apples.  This means that the apples will not be as sweet as apples that have browning, and they will be more expensive to grow.  The problem with this is that if you grow apples with browning apples, they
Some programming languages compile to easy-to-use.exe files because they are designed to do so. 

For example, C++ and C# compile to.exe because they're designed to be easy to use.

Some languages, like C, C#, and C++11, are written in such a way that they can't be compiled to a.exe file because they don't have a way to do that.
Time travel is possible. 

The problem is that the laws of physics resist possible alterations to the past by preventing time-travel to certain places or times.  If you go back in time and kill your own grandfather, you are actually killing a parallel universe version of your grandfather, and the time traveller's original universe is unaltered; it has been argued that since the traveler arrives in a different universe's history and not their own history, this is not "genuine" time travel.

There are two theories of time travel, special relativity and general relativity.  General relativity is a theory of
It's called tinnitus. 

Tinnitus is caused by a problem with the nerves in your ear that send sound signals to your brain.  When you hear a loud noise, your brain interprets it as a ringing sound.

Your brain has a bunch of tiny little hairs in your ears called hair cells.  These hair cells are responsible for hearing, and when they are damaged, they stop working properly.  This causes your brain to think that the sound is coming from a source other than your ear, and that your brain doesn't know what to do with it.
EQ stands for Equalized Quality.

EQ is a measure of the quality of an audio signal. 

For example, if you have a recording of a song, and you want to play it on your phone, you can use EQ to make it sound better, but you can't do it in your phone's audio player.  You have to use EQ in your audio player, and EQ is a measurement of how good the sound quality is.  It's not a measurement that's easy to measure, but it's a measure that can tell you if the audio is good or bad.
I'm not an expert in Chinese math, but I can give you a pretty good idea of what you're looking for.

Let's say you want to know how much money you have in your bank account. 

Say you have $1,000,000.  You have $10,000 in cash.  If you go to the bank and open a bank account, you will see that you have a total of $1.5 million.  So you have to figure out how to divide that by 10.  Now, you need to find a way to divide the money by 10
SSHD is a type of hard drive.  

SSD is a hard drive that is smaller than a standard HDD.  It is designed to store data in flash memory.  HHD is for storing data in solid state drives.  The difference between SSD and HDD is that SSDs store the data in NAND flash memory, while HHDs store it in HDD.

HDDs are designed to hold more data than SSDs.  This means that they can store more data in them.  SSDs are usually smaller than HDD's, but HHD's are usually larger than SSD
Killer whales don't hunt humans because they don't have any reason to. 

They are social animals.  They don't like to be alone in the water, they like to hang out with other whales, and they like the company of other whales.
It's not going to be beneficiated the average user of Google Chrome with the upcoming switch to HTML5.

Chrome is built on top of the open source Chromium web browser, which is the basis for Chrome. 

The reason it's going to benefit users of Chrome is because it will be easier for them to use the Chrome web browser with HTML5 instead of Firefox or IE.
Because they don't want to have to wait in a long line to get your food.  They want to get you in and out as quickly as possible.
There is no such thing as a "fiscal-conservative" or "social-liberal" party in the United States.  

The two main parties are the Republican Party and the Democratic Party.
It was not a single person.  It was a conspiracy.  There was a lot of speculation about who was behind it, but no one has been able to come up with a definitive answer.  

It's been 50 years since the assassination and there are still many theories about who it was and why it happened.
Stem cells can be used to cure all sorts of diseases. 

The problem is that they are derived from embryonic stem cells, which are not the same as adult stem cells.  They are not able to differentiate into cells from all three germ layers of the human body, which is why they are used for research.

There are two types of stem cells that are used in stem cell research: embryonic stem cell and induced pluripotent stem cells (iPSCs).

Eligible stem cells come from the umbilical cord of a fetus.  These stem cells are not capable of
Tightropes are made out of steel. They are made of a material that is strong enough to hold the weight of the tightropes, but not so strong that they can't be pulled over the edge of the gap. 

They are made by using a special type of wire that has a special tension that allows it to hold itself up against the ground.
Cable companies are not monopolies, they are competitors. 

If they were, they would be subject to class action lawsuits.
The difference between Angels, VCs, Private Equity, and Debt lenders is that they invest in start-ups. 

An angel is a person who wants to invest in a start-up.  A VC is someone who is trying to raise money for a start up.

A Private Equity is a company that wants to buy a company.  They want to buy it for a certain amount of money, but they don't know how much money they're going to get, so they want to get as much money as they can from the company they're buying it from.  This is called a
I think it's because it's easier to blow on your feet than it is to defrost the windshield.
I think it's because the car's computer has a radio transmitter in the key. When you turn the key, it sends a radio signal to the car, which is then read by the computer.

When you unlock your car, the computer reads the radio signal and sends it back to the computer, which then sends it to the radio transmitter.
The Tor Project is a group of computer scientists who have been working on a network of computers that allows you to send and receive messages over the internet. 

The network is called the "The Onion Router" and it is designed to allow you to connect to the internet from anywhere in the world without having to go through a central server.
We don't have enough intestines to transplant. 

It's not that we can't transplant intestines, it's that we don't know enough about them to be able to do it safely.
Rational Choice Theory is a theory that says that when you make a decision, you should weigh the consequences of your actions against the benefits of your decision. 

For example, if you have a choice between buying a new car or a new house, and you want to buy a house, it's rational to choose the house because you know that the house will be worth more if you buy it.

But if you don't know what the house is worth, then it's irrational to buy it because it's worth less if you get a house. 


Rational choice theory also says that
Emergency room admission prioritization.  

When you go to the ER, you are seen by a doctor.  The doctor determines if you need to be admitted to a hospital or not.  If you are admitted to the hospital, the doctor will see you first, and decide if you are a high risk patient or a low risk patient.

If you are in the ER because you have a minor injury, you will be seen first.  This is because the doctor is more likely to see you if you have an injury that can't be treated by a regular doctor.
It doesn't make any difference.

Microwaves travel at the speed of light.  If you put food in a microwave for 30 seconds, it will cook the fastest at the antinodes (the points at which the wave amplitude is the greatest), where it will begin to melt.
It's not that men don't all wear hats anymore, it's just that they don't wear them as much anymore. 

During World War II, hats were rationed during WWII, therefore there was a lot of attention paid to these headpieces.
I think it has to do with the fact that genitalia are seen as a symbol of sexuality. 

When you see a penis, you think of it as a penis.  When you see an anus, you see it as an anus.

In other cultures, it's the same thing.
I think it has to do with the fact that your brain is used to seeing other people's bodies, not your own. 

When you see someone else's body, your brain recognizes that they are in pain, so it activates the areas in your brain that are responsible for detecting pain.
Let's say you want to send a message to Bob.

Say you have a set of letters A, B, C, D, and E. 

Let's assume that Bob has a public key (e,N) and a private key (d,N).

Now, let's say that Bob wants to encrypt a message.  He sends it to Bob, and Bob encrypts it back to him using the same public key, but only Bob knows the private key. 


The problem is that Bob doesn't know how to decrypt the message, so he encrypts the
No. 

We don't know for sure, but there are a lot of studies done on animals that have been exposed to radiation.

For example, there are many studies that have shown that certain types of radiation can cause cancer in animals, but not all of them. 


For instance, in the case of mice, the amount of radiation they were exposed to was so low that they didn't develop cancer, but they did develop thyroid cancer, which is a cancer of the thyroid gland.
Your thermostat is a thermometer.  It measures the temperature of the air in your room.  Outside, it measures the air temperature in the air around you.

When you turn up the temperature, you are changing the air pressure in your house.  This causes the temperature inside your house to change.  When you turn the temperature down, you're changing the pressure inside the house, which causes the air outside to change the temperature.  So when you turn your temperature up to 70°, your house will feel warmer than it does outside.  If you turn it down to 60°,
Your eyes have two types of photoreceptors, rods and cones. Cones have rods and rods have cones. When you're in the dark, your rods are more sensitive to light, and your cones are less sensitive to it.
It depends on the drug used. 

Sodium pentobarbital is a barbiturate used in single drug animal euthanasia, it causes rapid unconsciousness followed by paralysis of the diaphragm.

Ketamine is used to paralyze the heart, and potassium chloride to stop the heart.
I'm not sure what you mean by "read the first comment".

If you're talking about the top post, it's not the first one, but the last one.

The first comment is the most popular one, so it's the most likely to be the most up-voted.
Because they're not designed to be plugged in. 

They're designed to connect to the motherboard, not the power supply.

The reason they don't need a power plug is because they're designed so that when they're plugged in, they can't be powered by the motherboard.  They're designed that way so that if the hard drive fails, it won't be able to be restarted.
Alcohol is a depressant, which in low doses causes euphoria, reduces anxiety, and improves sociability. In higher doses, it causes slurred speech, clumsiness, and delayed reflexes.
The sound that fire makes is the sound of air expanding and contracting as it burns. 

The air expands and contracts as it heats up, and as it does so, it vibrates.

When the air expands, it expands and contractions, and the sound waves that are created are amplified by the expansion and contraction of the air around the fire.
Anger and sadness are two different emotions. 

Anger is caused by the amygdala, which is the part of the brain responsible for emotional regulation.

Sadness, on the other hand, is a result of the hypothalamus.  The hypothalamus is a part of your brain that controls your heart rate and blood pressure.  When you are sad, your heart beats faster, your blood pressure increases, your pupils dilate, palms sweat, muscles contract in certain ways (evolutionary, innate defense mechanisms).

When you are angry, your hypothalamus shuts down.  This is because
They don't. 

Mold is a fungus that grows in the pipes.  The pipes are designed to keep the water out of the pipes, not the other way around.
Randomness is the lack of pattern or predictability in events. 

Imagine you are playing a game of chance.  You toss a coin, and if you win, the outcome is random.  But if you lose, the result is predictable.

If you don't win, then the outcome of the game is predictable, because you have no idea what the outcome will be.
Alcohol is a byproduct of fermentation.

When you drink alcohol, it breaks down the sugars in your mouth, and the sugars are released into the air. The air is full of chemicals that your nose can detect, and those chemicals are the ones that you can smell on your breath. 

Coke, on the other hand, is a non-alcoholic drink, so it doesn't have the same chemical reaction that alcohol does.
I think it has to do with the fact that the US is a very wealthy country with a lot of money.  

In other countries, it's not so much about race as it is about class.  In the US, there's a huge gap between the rich and the poor, and the rich are more likely to have more money than the poor.

The rich are able to buy everything they want, so they don't need to worry about race.  The poor, on the other hand, don't have as much money, and so they can't buy things they want.
When you open the fridge door, the air inside is pushed out of the way. 

When you close the door, it pushes the air back in.
When you flush a toilet, the cold water is being drawn from the main water supply line, and the hot water is coming from the water heater.

When you turn on the shower water faucet, you're changing the temperature of the water in the shower.  The water heater has a thermostat that controls the temperature and pressure of the hot and cold water lines.  When you flush the toilet, you are changing the pressure in the cold and hot water lines, which causes the temperature to drop.
Cornpoop is cornstarch.  It's basically just corn that has been ground up into a powdery substance.  When you put it in your poop, you're mixing it with water.  The water evaporates out of the poop, and the corn starch stays in the poop.  This is why it's called corn poop.
I think it has to do with a lot of things. 

1. Genetics

2. Genetics are not the only factor, but they are the most important factor.

3. Genetics is not a single factor, it is a combination of many factors. 


4. Genetics and environment

5. Evolution

6. Age

7. Environment

8. Health

9. Genetics
I'm not a scientist, but I'm a meteorologist, and I'm going to try to explain it as best I can. 

CO2 is the main cause of global warming.  It's not the only cause, but it's the primary cause of it.  There are a lot of other factors, but CO2 is by far the most important.

The problem is that there are a bunch of different theories about how much CO2 has been released into the atmosphere, and how much of it is caused by humans.  Some of these theories are based on the fact that CO2
Brushing too hard is damaging to enamel. 

The tools the dentists use are meant to clean the enamel, not to remove it.
E-cigarettes contain a lot of chemicals that can be harmful to your body. 

The chemicals are produced when the liquid is heated, and when it cools down, they are released into the air.

E-cigarette vapor is a mixture of various chemicals that are produced by the liquid when it is heated.  These chemicals can be toxic if they get into your lungs. 


Some of the most dangerous chemicals are formaldehyde, acetaldehyde, acrolein, and glyoxal, which are found in e-cigarette liquid. These are all carcinogens and can cause cancer.
It depends on how much money they have to make. 

Scorpion King 4 had a budget of $500,000,000.  It was filmed in 3 months.  The movie was shot in 3 days.

The movie was released on DVD in 2003.  They also released it on Blu-ray in 2010.  There is also a new version of the movie on 4K UHD Blu-Ray.
Dogs are social animals. They need to be around other dogs to be able to communicate with each other. If they can't, they will bark at other dogs behind fences.
Microwaves use microwaves to heat the food, but the oven uses the oven to cook it. 

The microwave heats the food from the inside out, and the oven heats it from the outside out.
It's called the "birthday paradox".

The problem is that if you have 50 people in a group of 50, there is a 50% chance that at least two of them have the same birthday.

If you have 100 people in the group, there are only 366 possible birthdays, so the chance of two people sharing a birthday is 50%.
Korean women have been playing golf for a long time, and have been doing so for a lot longer than men. 

There are a lot of women golfers in South Korea, but they are not as well known as men.
Film has a higher resolution than digital cameras. 

It's because it's a medium that can be used to store images for a long time.  
 
Film is very durable, and it can last for a very long time, so it can be stored in a lot of different formats.  It's also cheaper to store than digital images, so you can store them for a lot longer.

Also, it's cheaper to use film than to use digital images.
Dunkirk was a French town in the middle of the French Riviera. It was part of the Normandy Campaign.

During the war, the Germans invaded France, and the French decided to evacuate the town of Dunkirk. 

The Germans were able to capture the town, but the French didn't want to give up, so they decided to hold it for the rest of the war.
Sunscreen is a lotion that absorbs some of the sun's ultraviolet (UV) radiation and reflects some of it back to your skin. 

Sunscreen works by blocking UV light from reaching your skin, which is why you get sunburn, sunburn and skin cancer. Sunscreen is also used to protect your skin from other types of UV rays, such as UVA and UVB.
Ivy Leaguers are the top universities in the United States. 

They are the schools that are considered to be the best in the world.

To become an IVY, a school has to meet the following criteria:

1. They must have a population of at least 10,000.
2. They have to have a student body that is at least 50% under the age of 25.
3. They need to be able to attract the best students from around the world to their school.
4. They are able to compete with other top universities.
5. They
The BBC is the British Broadcasting Corporation.  It is the UK's national news channel.

It is owned by the BBC Group, which also owns the BBC News Channel.  The BBC is a British company that broadcasts news and entertainment programs in the UK.  They also produce a lot of shows in the US.  

BBC America is the American version of the BBC.  In the US, they are owned by Comcast, which is a cable company.  Comcast is the cable company that owns the cable companies that own the BBC, so they are the ones that control the channels.
Parrots do not have vocal cords, so they have to make sounds using their trachea in the organ called the syrinx. 

Parrots can also learn to communicate by social learning, imitating their parents, as well as the dominant birds of their flock.
Entrapment is when law enforcement officials cause an offense to be committed which would not have occurred had it not been for their involvement.
It's a subdomain. 

It's just a way to refer to a server that's not the main server.

For example, if you have a website that's hosted on a server in China, and you want to connect to the server in the US, you can use the subdomain www2. China doesn't care if the server is in China or not, so long as it connects to the US.
When you get cold, your body releases a hormone that causes your muscles to contract. This causes your skin to contract, which causes your hair follicles to contract and make you feel cold.
Nuclear weapons do not work like that.

Mars has a very thin atmosphere, and it is very difficult to launch a probe into it. 

If you want to send a probe to Mars, you would need to launch it into the atmosphere.  You would have to launch the probe at a high enough altitude that it would be able to burn up in the atmosphere and burn up before it could reach the surface of Mars.  If you launch it at a low enough altitude, it would burn up on the surface, but if you send it at high enough altitudes, it wouldn't be able
The primary election determines who gets the most delegates to the national convention.

A state's primary election or caucus usually is an indirect election: instead of voters directly selecting a particular person running for president, it determines how many delegates each party's national political convention will receive from their respective state. 

The national convention is a direct election, and the delegates are chosen by the national party.  The convention decides who gets to be the party's nominee.
The platypus uses electroreceptors in its tail to detect the electric field. 

They detect it by looking at the area of its body with the highest electric field gradient (the underside of the electric organs) so as to present the area to the animal.
I don't know about you, but I'm not a huge fan of Fine Bros. I don't watch their videos, and I've never watched any of their other videos, so I can't speak for the rest of the world.
They don't. 

They can be grown from seeds, but they can't pass on their genes through reproduction since they have no seeds to plant.
Electromagnetic EMP is caused by a nuclear explosion. 

Electromagnetism is the phenomenon of the Earth's magnetic field changing.  When a nuclear blast hits the earth, it creates a strong magnetic field.  This magnetic field causes the electrons in the air around it to be attracted to the electrons of the electronics.  The electrons are attracted to each other, and when they interact with the electrons, they create electric currents.  These currents can cause a voltage surge in the electronics, which can cause the electronics to fail.

An EMP is a very powerful electromagnetic pulse.  It is
I'm left handed, but I write with my right hand. I'm not sure what you mean by "ambidextrous" but I can write with both my left and right hands. 

_URL_0_
Our eyes do not see everything "up" or "down".  They see everything in the same direction.  When you tilt your head, you are tilting your eyes so that they are facing the same way as your head.  

When you look at an object from the side, your eyes are looking at it from a different angle.  Your brain interprets this angle as a horizontal plane.  If you look from the front, you will see that the object is on the horizontal plane, but if you are looking from the back, the object will appear to be on the vertical plane.
I think it has to do with the neurotransmitters in your brain that make you feel good. Opioids work in the same way that alcohol and caffeine do.

When you are in pain, your body releases endorphins, a chemical that makes you feel better. When you take a painkiller, your brain releases more endorphin, which is a neurotransmitter that makes your body feel good, and your body then releases more dopamine, which makes your brain feel good as well.
It's called an "expire date".

It's because the car seat is designed to be used until the child outgrows it.

If you buy a car seat when your child is 2 or 3 years old, it will no longer be safe for them to be in it.
I don't think it's a gender thing. 

I think it has to do with the fact that men tend to have a larger tongue than women, which causes them to breathe through their lower jaw.  They also have a longer tongue, which makes them more prone to snoring.
It's not that there are no Filipino restaurants in the US, it's that there's not enough of a Filipino population to support a large number of Filipino restaurants.

There are a lot of Filipino immigrants, but not enough to fill the gap.
We don't know for sure, but there are a lot of theories about it.

One theory is that it's because they're not speaking English, they're speaking a language that's not spoken by the native speakers of the tribe. 

The other is that they're talking to each other in their native tongue, but they don't understand each other's language.
There are a few things you can do.

1. If you are a middle class westerner, you can donate money to the American military. 

2. You can donate to the cause you believe in. 


3. Donate to a non-profit organization that helps people who are fighting ISIS, such as the Syrian Civil War or the Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG).

4. Don't be afraid to speak out against ISIS.  If you don't agree with them, don't support them.  They are an enemy of the state, not of the
When a human dies of natural causes, the body goes into shock. The heart stops beating, the lungs stop working, the kidneys stop functioning, the liver stops working, and the heart stops pumping blood. 

When a person dies of "natural causes", the brain stops working as well. The brain is still functioning, but it's not functioning as well as it used to, and it can't get the oxygen it needs to function properly. This causes the brain to go into a state of shock, which causes the heart to stop working and the lungs to stop functioning.

If the brain doesn't
Your armpits have a lot of myoepithelial cells in them that secrete sweat.  When it's cold, these cells contract and release a chemical called acetylcholine, which makes your skin sweat.

When it's hot, these same cells contract again and release more of the same chemical, which causes your body to cool down.
It's not about religion, it's about compatibility. 

If you don't talk religion or politics on a first date, you won't be able to talk about them when you're in a serious relationship.
We don't know. 

We know that the Earth is getting warmer, but we don't really know how much.  We know that it's getting hotter because we're burning fossil fuels.  The problem is that we're not doing anything about it.

The best solutions are to reduce our carbon dioxide emissions.  This means we need to reduce the amount of CO2 in the atmosphere, which means we have to cut down on the amount we're emitting.  There are a lot of things we can do to reduce CO2 emissions, but they're not the best solutions.
If you're talking about gravity, it's not. 

If you think about it like this:

Imagine you're standing on the ground, and you're trying to walk across the ground.  You're not going to be able to do it because you're too big.  If you're walking across the floor, you're going to fall.

But if you're on the top of a skyscraper, you'll be falling at the same speed as you are standing on top of the skyscraper.  That's because gravity is pulling you down, and gravity is pushing you down.
It's not corruption, it's bribery.

Bribery is when you take money from someone in exchange for favors. 

For example, if you're a politician and you want to pass a law that makes it easier for people to sue you for fraud, then you have to show that you took money from a person in return for favorable policies.
The earth doesn't get any bigger, so what does this growth mean?

It means that we are able to find new ways to produce more goods and services. 

For example, if you want to make a car, you need to find a new way to transport it to the factory.

If you want a house, you have to find another way to move it from the factory to the house.
I think it's because when it rains, the air in your nose is filled with water droplets, and the droplets are moving faster than the air above them, so the smell is amplified. 

Also, when it's raining, there's a lot of water vapor in the air, so it's easier for your nose to pick up the smell.
The short term consequences of the shutdown are that the government will not be funded for the rest of the fiscal year. 

Congress will have to pass a continuing resolution to fund the government for the remainder of the year, which will require the President to sign off on it.
Finland has one of the world's leading education system, and the United States has been falling behind; what's keeping the US from following Finland's educational system?
It's not in human nature to have sex and reproduce.  It's in our nature to want to reproduce.
It's not that they don't want an NFL team, it's that the NFL doesn't want a team in Los Angeles.

The NFL has been trying for years to bring a team back to Los Angeles, but the city has been unwilling to give in to the demands of the owners and the city government.
We can, but we can't.

We can make it artificially, but it takes a lot of time and money to make it.



We could, but the process of making it is very expensive and takes a long time, and it would require a huge amount of money.
The Nobel Prize in Medicine or Physiology or Medicine goes to the person who discovered the mechanism of action of an enzyme in the retina. 

This was discovered by George Wald, who was awarded the prize in 1932 for his discovery of vitamin A.

Vitamin A is a vitamin that is used by the retina in the eyes.  It is a very important part of the retina, as it is necessary for the retina to be able to see.  This discovery led to the discovery of the mechanism by which vitamin A is used in the eye.  The mechanism was not known before.
It's called the [menace reflex](_URL_0_). It's a reflex to protect your eyes from potential damage. 

When you're scared, your brain sends a signal to your amygdala, which is the part of your brain that controls your emotions. When you're afraid, it tells your brain to shut down your emotions so that you can focus on your fight or flight response.
I'm not sure what you're talking about. 

If you eat junk food for one day, your body will be able to absorb it, but it's not going to do any good for you physically.

Your body will have a hard time digesting it, and your metabolism will slow down.  If you eat a lot of junk food, your metabolism slows down, and you'll be more likely to get sick.
We don't really know why we sleep, but we do know that we need to sleep to keep our bodies functioning properly. 

We know that when you sleep, your body releases melatonin, which is a hormone that makes you sleepy. When you wake up in the middle of the night, it's because your body is trying to get rid of excess melatonin.
Allergies are caused by your immune system. 

Your immune system recognizes that something is wrong with your body, and your body decides that you're allergic to that thing.  Your body's immune system has a few different types of cells in your body.  Some of them are called mast cells and some are called basophils.  These are the ones that are responsible for your body's response to allergens.  They are also the ones responsible for the symptoms you get when you are allergic to certain things.

Allergy is caused by a chemical called histamine.  Histamine is
Pesticides can be washed off of fruits and vegetables, but they are not in the cells of the produce. 

They are in the soil and water, but not the plant itself.
It depends on the show. 

In the case of a sitcom, the actors and crew will rehearse the scene in front of a live audience.  The actors rehearse their lines, and the crew will record them.  Then the actors will go back to their dressing room and rehearse again.  They rehearse until they feel like they are ready to do the scene.  If they don't feel ready, the director will call them back to the set and have them rehearse it again.

If the actors are not ready to rehearse, then the director may call the actors back
The amount of water in the reservoir/river/body of water isn't the same as the amount of rain in the area. 

The water level of the reservoir is determined by how much water is in the ground.

If you have a large reservoir, the water level will rise as the water in that reservoir rises.  If you have an area with a small reservoir, it will rise because the water will be able to drain out of the ground faster than it can drain into the reservoir.
They make a lot of money during the holiday season. 

Fireworks are a very profitable business.  They make a ton of money in the 4th of July and the rest of the year.
Pine needles are made of cellulose, which is a type of polysaccharide.  The cellulose acts as a medium for water to pass through.  This means that the water can pass through the cellulose to the roots, where it gets absorbed by the roots.  

Plants with leaves have a lot of surface area, so water can't pass through them as easily.

Pine trees, on the other hand, have very few surface areas, so they can't get as much water through them.
I think it has to do with the fact that when they go in opposite directions, they bump their heads against each other. 

Ants don't bump heads because they're trying to get away from predators.  They bump heads to keep them from getting eaten.
It's called the survivors fallacy.

It's when you look at a group of people and compare them to the people who didn't make it past the selection process. 

For example, if you're looking at a list of people who made it to the top of the food pyramid, and you see a lot of people from the bottom of the pyramid, but you don't look at the people at the top, you see all the people that made it past.  This is called the survival bias.
It's not that ancient people needed extra body fat to survive, it's that they needed it to survive. 

Humans have evolved to live long, healthy lives.  Our bodies evolved to be able to store energy as fat.  This is why we are able to live as long as we do.

The problem is that we don't need to store as much energy as we used to.
I think it's because the host's voice is louder than the callers. 

The host is the voice of the show, so they want to make it seem like they're talking to you.
Poison ivy, Poisson Oak, and Poison Sumac do not produce urushiol.

Poison Ivy is a member of the family Anacardiaceae, which is the family that makes poison ivy. The sap of Poison Ivy is made up of a chemical called Urushiol, which causes a reaction in the skin. 

P. quinquefolia, which grows on the ground, does not produce any urushol, but does produce raphides (needle-shaped crystals of calcium oxalate) which can puncture the skin causing irritation and blisters in
It's called "cognitive inhibition".

When you're trying to remember something, your brain is telling you that it doesn't want you to remember it. It's telling you to stop thinking about it.
It's not Obama's fault, it's the US' fault. 

The US has been in a shitty position for a long time, and it's not because of Obama.

It's because the US has had a lot of bad leaders in the past, and the US is not the only country that has had bad leaders.
If Scotland were to break away from the UK, it would be the result of a referendum held by the Scottish National Party (SNP). 

If the SNP won the referendum, they would be able to form a new Scottish Parliament, which would be independent of the Westminster Parliament, but would still be part of the UK.

The Scottish Parliament would then be called the Holyrood (the Scottish Parliament) and would have to be elected by the people of Scotland.  This would be in the form of a devolved parliament, with the Scottish Parliament sitting in the devolved Scottish Parliament in Edinburgh.
Trucks in the US use tandem trucks and trailers because they are easier to tow. 

In Europe, they use a single-cab truck with a single trailer.
Rainbow tables are a way to keep track of all the hashes in a chain.  

Imagine you have a list of passwords, and you want to know where each character is in the list.  So you start with the first password, and go down the list until you get to the last one.  Then you go up the list, and down the chain until you reach the last password.  If you look at the last hash, you'll see that it's in the second-to-last hash position.

Rainbow hashes are like this:

_URL_0_
It's a bit of a complicated question, but I'll try to break it down for you. 

In the United States, there are two main types of conservatism: classical liberalism and classical conservatism. Classical liberalism is the belief that the state has a role to play in society, and that it should be limited to the protection of property, property rights, and property rights.

Conservatism is the idea that the government should not interfere with private property, and should not be able to interfere with the private property rights of individuals. This is in contrast to classical liberalism, which believes that private property should
No, it would not work in outerspace. 

It would work in space, but it would take a long time for the signal to reach the receiver, and it would need to travel at a much faster rate than the speed of light.
Clouds are made up of water droplets. 

When the sun shines through the clouds, it heats up the air around them.  When the sun hits the cloud, it causes it to evaporate.  This causes the air above the cloud to cool down, which causes the water droplet to rise.  The higher up you go, the higher the cloud is, the lower the temperature of the surrounding air.
It's called the [Pilotomotor Reflex](_URL_0_) and it's caused by the muscles in the back of your neck and shoulders flexing in response to the sudden change in temperature.
Marijuana and edibles contain endocannabinoids, the same chemicals that make you feel high. THC is the psychoactive part of the plant, CBD is the non-psychoactive part.
Pulsars are stars that are spinning at the same rate as the sun. 

The reason they become pulsars is due to the fact that they are spinning so fast that they can't keep up with the speed of light.

If you look at the spectrum of light coming from a star, you can see that it's coming from the center of the star.  This is called the "corona".  The corona is a cloud of gas and dust that surrounds the star, and it is constantly expanding and contracting as the star rotates.  When the corona expands and contracts,
It's not that they don't have good content, it's that they've changed their programming. 

They've tried to make it more factual, but that's not enough to make up for the lack of original content.
The scientific method is based on deductive reasoning. 

If there is no evidence that something is a conspiracy, then it is not a conspiracy.

There is no way to know for sure, but if there is, there is a good chance that there is. 


_URL_0_
I think it's a marketing thing.  

When a show is new, they want the audience to feel like they are part of the show, so they have to include a laugh track to let them know they're part of it.
It's not that flat mirrors make you look thinner, it's that they make you appear thinner. 

When you look at a flat mirror, you're looking at the reflection of light from the object in front of you, not the reflection from the mirror itself.

If you have a curved mirror, the light from behind you is bouncing off of the surface of the mirror and bouncing back to you.  This is called aberration, and it causes you to look thinner.
I'm not an expert, but I can give you an idea of what it's like to make a game like GTA. 

First, you need to make sure you have a good idea of how the game is going to work.  If you're making a 2D game, you probably don't have a lot of control over how it's going to look, so you have to figure out how to make it work in 3D.

The first step is to get a good understanding of how 3D graphics work, and how it works in the real world.  This is usually done by
The temperature difference between cold and warm water is due to the amount of evaporation of water vapor. 

When you shower, you're using cold water because it's evaporating faster than warm water.  When you get caught in a downpour of cold rain, the rain is evaporating at the same rate as the cold water.
Saudi Arabia has sovereign immunity, which means they can't sue someone in another country for a comment they made on the internet.
When you blow on a small flame, you're blowing air into it, but when you blow air on a big fire, you are blowing air out of it. 

The bigger the flame, the hotter it gets, and the more oxygen it needs to burn, the more it needs oxygen to burn.

So blowing air on the small flame will put it out, but doing the same on the big fire only fuels it.
You're not supposed to re use plastic bottles for water etc.

You're supposed to reuse them for other things. 

If you want to re-use plastic bottles, you have to pay a lot of money for them.
There are a lot of reasons. 

1. It's cheaper to go to a college in a nearby city than a college farther away.

2. You can get a job in the city you want to attend, and it's cheaper than going to a school in a different city.


3. You don't have to pay as much in tuition as you would if you went to school in another city.
It's called a [slurry pit](_URL_0_). 

It's basically just a pile of sludge that's been sitting in the drain for a while.  It's not a problem with the sewer system, it's just that it's not treated properly.
I'm not sure what you mean by "fast", but I'll give it a shot.

Web browsers use a lot of different things to render web pages. 

1. They use different types of rendering engines.  For example, Chrome uses a rendering engine called WebKit.  WebKit is a JavaScript engine that is used to render the web page.  It's a lot more complex than other browsers, so it takes a lot longer to render a page, but it's also much more efficient.  The reason it's faster is because it uses a lot less memory.
I'm not sure what you're talking about. 

Star Wars: Battlefront and HalfLife are huge hits, but they're not huge enough to justify making sequels.
Vitamins are not measured in grams, they are measured in micronutrients.

Vitamin D is measured in milligrams per kilogram of body weight. 

If you are deficient in vitamin D, your body will deplete the amount of vitamin D in your blood.
I think it has to do with the fact that milk has a lot of sugar in it.  When you heat it up, the sugar in the milk becomes more concentrated, which makes it taste sweeter.  

_URL_0_
A synthesizer is a piece of equipment that takes a signal from a source (usually an analog oscillator) and converts it into a waveform. 

The waveform can be any number of different things.

For example, if you want to make a bass note, you can use an oscillator.  The oscillator can be a ring, a triangle, a sawtooth, a square, or a square and a variable pulse width modulation, but the digital system also provides additive synthesis.  This is where you can change the amplitude of the waveform to create a different sound.
Your heart rate is regulated by the sympathetic nervous system, which is the part of your body that controls your breathing and heart rate. When you are stressed, your heart rate increases and your body releases the hormone adrenaline, which causes your body to fight or flight. Adrenaline is a hormone that your body produces when it is under stress. When your body is stressed, it releases cortisol, which makes you feel like you need to run and fight. This is good for your body because it increases blood flow to your muscles.

However, when you are under stress, your body doesn't release enough of the hormone,
Mercury's orbit is elliptical, meaning that it orbits the sun at a slightly different angle from the Earth's orbit. 

Mercury orbits the Sun at an elliptical orbit, which means that it travels in the same direction as the Earth.  When the Earth is at perihelion, it is at its closest to the Sun.  But when Mercury is retrograde, it's at its farthest from the Sun, so it is moving in the opposite direction of the Earth, which causes it to appear retrograde.
It's not that they're bad, it's that they don't know how to tell the jokes. 

The Big Bang Theory, for example, was a single camera show.  It was filmed in front of a live studio audience, and the audience laughed at the jokes, but the writers didn't know what jokes to tell them.  They were trying to make the show funnier, but they didn't really know how.

Parks and Rec, Community, 30 Rock, etc. are all multi-camera shows, and they're all doing the same thing.  The difference is that
Light travels in a spectrum of wavelengths. 

When light hits something, it bounces off of it and bounces back into your eyes.

If the light is very bright, it will bounce off of everything in the area, but it will also bounce off some things in the surrounding area, which is why you can't see the light coming from the source of light, but you can see it bouncing off of the surrounding objects.
The right to repair is about the right of consumers to repair their own devices. 

Apple has a long history of refusing to honor the warranty of its products.  It's not just that they don't want to honor warranties, it's that they want to make sure that you can't do anything to their products without them paying for it.

For example, when you buy an iPhone, you buy it with a warranty.  If you break the phone, they will pay for it, but if you break it, they won't.
We know that there is an answer for it, but we don't know how to prove it. 

If you want to prove something, you have to prove that it's true.  You can't prove it by proving that there's an answer, but you can prove that there isn't an answer.
Yes, it would try to eat you like a lion, but it wouldn't be able to do it because it would be too big. 

Lion's teeth are very strong, and their jaws are very long, so they can't take the weight of a cat.

A cat's neck muscles are much stronger than its teeth, so it would have to use its neck muscles to break the neck of a lion. 


_URL_0_
It's a reflex. When you are tickled, your body sends a signal to your brain saying "hey, you're being tickled. You need to get away from this person."

When you're tickled by something, your brain interprets it as a threat, which is why you laugh.
Lehman Brothers was a financial institution that specialized in securitization of mortgages. 

They were a very large and well-known player in the real estate market, and they had a lot of exposure to the housing market.

The problem was that they were selling mortgages at very high interest rates.  They were selling these mortgages at a loss, and when the market crashed, they couldn't get enough money to pay back their loans.  So they had to go under, and the government stepped in and bailed them out.  This was a huge blow to the financial system, and it
The Free Software Foundation does not expect us to give everything away for free.

The FSF is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization that exists to promote free software.  It is funded by donations from the general public.
It's not fair. 

Iran is a member of the Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT), which prohibits the spread of nuclear weapons.  It's a treaty that was signed in the early days of the 20th century, and is still in effect today.  The UN Security Council has demanded Iran freeze all forms of uranium enrichment.
Yes, it could. 

The problem is that long-term amnesia is not a cure for mental illness.  It is a way to help the brain recover from trauma, but it is also a way for the brain to repair itself.  If the brain is damaged, it will not be able to function properly.
Apple has a huge market share of the mobile phone market.  

Google has a very small market share.  They have a lot of users, but they don't have as much market share as Apple.
When your computer's RAM is full, it's not because it's full of data. It's because your computer is using it for other things. 

Imagine you have a piece of paper, and you want to write something to it. You write it down, and then write it back to the paper.

When you write the paper, you write it into RAM, and the computer reads it, and writes it back into RAM.
A world line is a curve in spacetime. It's a line that traces out the path of an object in space, as it travels through 4-dimensional spacetime (the universe).

Imagine you have an object that is moving through space, and you want to know where it is at any given moment in time. You can do this by looking at the speed of light. If you look at it from a distance, you can see that it is moving at a constant speed, but you can also see that if you move at a certain speed, you will see that you are moving along a line.
Humans are smarter than any other animal. 

We have a much larger brain than most other animals.

Our brains are much more complex than the brains of other animals, and our brains are far more sophisticated than the ones of other primates.  We also have a far more complex social structure than other primates, and we can communicate with each other in ways that other animals can't.  This is why we can understand each other better than they can understand us.
It's not a known fallacy, it's a known fact. 

It's called "argumentum ad populum" which means "the fallacy of argument".  It's a very well-known fallacy, and it's been used by philosophers for a long time.

_URL_0_

[Here's a good article on it.](_URL_1_)
GIFs are a bitmap file format. 

Video is a video file format, which uses a lossy compression algorithm based on the HEVC video format, and related to the JPEG image format.

The compression algorithm is called [DCT](_URL_0_).

DCT is a compression algorithm that uses lossy data compression to reduce the amount of information in a video.  This means that when you watch a video, the compression algorithm has to compress the video into smaller and smaller chunks.  The compression algorithm also has to take into account the fact that the video is
The rules are set up so that the best cars are allowed to compete, and the best drivers are able to earn the most money.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it has to do with the fact that working multiple jobs means that you have to put in more hours than you would if you just worked one job. 

If you have a full-time job, you're not going to be able to take time off for your family, so you're going to have to work more hours to support your family.
The clitoris is not a single organ, it's a collection of cells that are connected to the vagina. 

When you take a pill, your body releases hormones that affect the size of the clitoris.  These hormones are released during the ovulation period, which is the time when the ovaries ovulate.  When the ovum is not producing eggs, the cells in the vagina stop producing eggs and instead produce testosterone, which increases the size and shape of the clit.

The same thing happens when you take roids.  Your body releases testosterone and estrogen, which causes the clitor
Ebola is spread through direct contact with the body fluids of infected people. 

It is not a disease that can be contained in one place.  It is spread by A. aegypti, which is a bird that lives in the air.  A. e.gypti is a carrier of the Ebola virus, and it is very hard to contain.
An identity crisis is the failure to find your own identity. 

In adolescence, you are trying to figure out who you are and who you want to be.  You have a sense of who you should be and what you should do with your life.  When you fail to find that identity, you feel like you are not who you were meant to be, and that you don't fit in with the world.  This is called the "ego crisis".

When you are in adolescence, your brain is still developing.  It is still trying to find its own identity, and it is
There is a formula to calculate how many parking spots they build. It's called the "Parking Generation Rate".

The formula is:

_URL_0_
A unicorn is a privately held startup company valued at over $1 billion. 

Uber is a unicorn because it's worth $1.5 billion.
I think it has to do with the different types of couplers used on railway lines. 

In the US, there are two types of cable that are used on railroads.  One type of cable is called the "Janney" cable, and the other is the "Scharenberg" cable.

The reason for this is because of the different sizes of the coupler.  The Janney cable is much smaller than the Scharfenberg cable, so it's easier to fit into a socket.  It's also easier to use the Janney plug because it's smaller.
Inbreeding leads to deformity.

When two people mate with each other, they share the same chromosome, which means that they have the same number of copies of the same gene. This means that if one of them has a recessive allele, the other has a heterozygous allele, and the two of them share the other's allele, they are both carriers of that recessive gene. 

If you have two people with the same copy of a gene, and they have two different copies of that gene, they will both be carriers of the recessive alleles, and both of them will
I don't know the exact date, but I think it was in the 80s or 90s. 

I'm not sure if it was a cultural shift, but it's been around for a while now.

In the 70s and 80s, there was a lot of talk about how fat people were considered ugly, and how they needed to lose weight to be attractive.  This was a time when the media was telling people that they were fat, and that they should eat less and exercise more.  In the 90s, the media stopped telling people to eat more and exercise less,
When you're in the shower, the water in your shower tank is heated to a certain temperature. 

When you turn on the shower water, you're heating the water to a higher temperature than it's actually 100C.

The water in the tank is at a temperature that is above the boiling point of water, which means that it's at a higher pressure than the rest of the water.  This means that when you turn the water on, the pressure increases, and the temperature increases.  When the water reaches a certain pressure, it starts to boil, which is why you see the steam
I think it has to do with your circadian rhythm. 

Your body has a circadian rhythm, which is the cycle of when it goes to sleep and when it comes back to wake up.  Your body's circadian rhythm is set by the sun.  When you wake up in the middle of the night, your body has to adjust its circadian rhythm so that it doesn't wake up at the wrong time of the day.  This is why you feel tired when you go to bed at night, but feel refreshed when you get up the next morning.
You can stop the brain, but you can't start it again.

The brain is not a machine. It is a collection of neurons that are connected to each other. If you stop one of them, it will stop working, and if you stop the other, it won't start working.
Bionic arms are made up of a series of joints that are connected to each other. 

The joints are controlled by a computer, and the computer controls the movement of the joints.

When you use a bionic arm, you are using a computer to control the joints, which are controlled via a computer program.  The computer then tells the computer how to move the joints in a certain way, and when the computer says "OK, I want to move this arm, I'm going to do this" the computer does it. 


The computer then sends a signal to the computer,
Tienanmen Square is in the middle of the city of Beijing, China.

It was the place where the Communist Party was founded, and it was the center of the revolution in China during the Cultural Revolution. 

The square is named after the founder of the Communist party, who was the first president of the country.  The square was named after him because he was the leader of the communist party, and because it was a place where they could gather to announce the formation of the new government.
Caffeine is a stimulant. 

When you drink coffee, your body makes more adenosine monophosphate (AMP), which is a messenger molecule that is important in many cellular processes.  When you drink too much of it, the body breaks down cAMP, which causes your body to make more of it.  This makes your body more sensitive to the effects of caffeine, which makes you feel more anxious.
I think it has to do with the idea that homosexuality is against nature. 

There are a lot of different reasons for this, but I think the most common one is that it is seen as a deviation from the natural order of things.

In the Old Testament, homosexuality is considered a sin because it is against the laws of God.  In Deuteronomy 22:5, cross-dressing is condemned as "abominable".
I think it's because you're using the wrong type of wire. 

A negative power supply is when the ground wire is grounded to the ground, and the positive wire is used to carry the current.

If you use a positive power supply, you are using a wire that has a higher voltage than the neutral wire, but the ground is low enough that it doesn't carry enough current to cause a problem.
Porn websites are notorious for viruses in their ads, but they are also notorious for having a lot of money to make off of them. 

The reason they keep them up is because it's a business model.  They make money off of advertising.  If you go to a porn site and click on an ad, they will pay you to watch a porn video.  But if you don't click on the ad, then they don't make any money.
Cologne is made up of a bunch of chemicals that react with each other in the air to create a scent. 

When you apply it to your skin, you're mixing the chemicals together to create the scent you're looking for.

If you don't know what you're talking about, you can check out [this](_URL_0_) for more info.
We don't have the concept of a property ladder. 

We do have a concept of ownership, but it's not the same as ownership.

In the US, you can buy a house for $100,000, but you can't buy a car for $500,000.
Mali is a country in the Sahel region of Africa. It's a landlocked country with a population of about 5 million people. 

In 2012, the government of Mali was overthrown by a coup d'etat led by an army officer who was backed by the military.  The coup leader, Ibrahim Boubacar Keita, declared independence for the north of the country, but the people of the north were not happy with it.  They started a rebellion against the new government, which was led by the ethnic Tuaregs, who are mostly ethnic Arabs.

The rebels
Ethnic groups are defined by the fact that they share a common history, culture, language, religion, etc. 

There is no such thing as an "ethnic group" as a group of people who look "alike".
Scientology is a religious organization that is based on the teachings of L. Ron Hubbard. It was founded by Robin Scott, who had been a Scientologist for a long time. 

Scientology was founded in the 1950s in the United States by a bunch of people who were dissatisfied with the way the world was going and wanted to find a way to change it.  They decided that they were going to create a new religion that would be different from the existing religions and would be better suited to the needs of the modern world.

The idea was that they would be able to change the world by
It's because the error codes are in English, not French or Spanish. 

It's not that they don't have English subtitles, it's that the error code is in English and the subtitles are in French and Spanish.
Your router is a computer that connects to your cable company's fiber optic cable.  

The cable company uses optical fiber to transmit data to your router.  The cable company then uses radio waves to transmit the data to the router.

Your router then uses the radio waves from the cable company to send the data back to you.
Yes. Plastic is made up of a lot of different chemicals. 

Some of them are dissolved in water, and some are in the air.

If you touch plastic with your fingers, you're touching a tiny amount of it, and it's going up your nose and into your lungs.  If you touch it with your hand, it's probably going down your throat, and if it's in your mouth, it'll probably go up your throat.
I think it has to do with a lot of things. 

1. The US is a very conservative country.  
2. It has a very strong sense of tradition and tradition.
You can buy a DVR, but you have to pay a monthly fee for it.  

If you don't want to pay the monthly fee, you can get it for free.
8-bit, 10-bit and 16-bit are both 8-bit. 

10-bit is 8 bits wide, 16 bit is 16 bits wide.

16-bit means that the registers are 32 bits wide and the instructions are 32 bit wide.
The US has a winner take all system, which means that the winner takes all system prevents third party candidates from being competitive, even when they have significant support (such as in 1992, when Ross Perot won 22 percent of the popular vote).
Yes, your degree is still valid. 

The accreditation board has the authority to decide whether or not a degree is valid.

If your university loses its accreditation, they can revoke your degree, but they can't revoke your accreditation.
I think it's because it reminds them that they are still alive.  

_URL_0_
The Bible is written in the Hebrew language.  It was written by the priests of Israel.  

The Bible was written down by Moses, who was a prophet.  He was the one who wrote the book of Moses.  The Bible was then translated into English by Orson Pratt, who then translated it into Latin.

After the translation was done, the Bible was given to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints (LDS Church).  The LDS Church decided that they wanted to keep the original Hebrew text, so they decided to use it as the basis for the Bible.
I'm not sure what you mean by "up to 4 pounds of pressure off of each knee". 

If you're talking about the amount of weight you put on each knee, it's not that much.  It's that you're putting more pressure on one knee than the other.
They use infrared light to detect motion. 

A motion detector is a device that detects the movement of objects in an area.  It's basically a sensor that measures the amount of light reflected from the objects in front of it.  When the sensor detects motion, it triggers the camera to take a picture of the object in question.  The camera then uses that picture to calculate how fast the object is moving.
It's called basal metabolic rate (BMR). 

It's a measure of how much energy your body uses in a day.  It's basically the amount of energy that your body burns in a single day.

For example, if you have diabetes, your basal rate is 60% of your daily calorie intake.  If you have high blood pressure, your BMR is 60%.

If you are obese, your BMI is higher.  Your BMR increases with weight.  This means that you burn more calories than you use in a given day, which is why you gain weight.
Packaging protects food from damage during its transportation from farms and factories via warehouses to retailing, as well as preserving its freshness upon arrival.
The key to the city is a symbol of the city's freedom of movement.

It's a very old tradition that dates back to the Middle Ages, when the city was surrounded by walls. The city would be guarded during the day and locked at night, and the key would be given to anyone who wanted to enter and leave the city at will, as a token of appreciation for their long and dedicated service.
Insurance is a business.  

Insurance companies make money by selling insurance policies to people who don't have health insurance.  They don't make money because they don't want to pay for eye care, but because they want to make money.
The Angels are the forces of good, and the sins are evil personified. The angels are allowed to guide and comfort, but have powers to influence the human mind, which they must resist the temptation to use.

Sins have no pupils, and angels have full pupils. If they do not recognize their sins, they go to hell.
The taste buds in your mouth are made up of thousands of tiny cells called gustatory cells.  These cells are located on the surface of the tongue and adjacent portions of the pharynx and larynx.  When water is aerated, they are exposed to more air, which causes them to react differently to different chemicals in the air.
It's not racial profiling, it's voter ID laws.

Voter ID laws are about preventing voter fraud.  If you don't have a photo ID at the polls, you can't vote.  It's not about stopping people from voting.  

Racial profiling is about preventing people from registering to vote.
When you eat, your body releases a hormone called ghrelin. Ghrelin is a hormone that increases appetite by signaling to the brain that a person is hungry. When you don't eat before bed, your brain doesn't get that signal, so you wake up not hungry.
Alcohol is a sedative, benzodiazepines are an anxiolytic. 

Anxiety is an anxiogenic disorder, and alcohol is a depressant.

Alcohol can be used to treat anxiety, but it is also used to sedate people. 


Anxiolytics are sedatives, alcohol is an anxiotropic.  They are both sedative and depressants, but they are not the same thing.
There is a way to get them to work together in pairs.  

The best way I can think of is to divide them into groups of 3 or 4.  Each group is assigned a task.  The first group is given a list of tasks to do, and they are assigned to work in pairs with each other.  This way they can work together on the same task without having to go back and forth from one group to the other.

Another way is to have them work in groups of 2 or 3.  If you have a group of 12 students, you can divide them up
The photons of the light source don't actually move through the object.

They bounce off the surface of the object and bounce back to the source. 

If the object is transparent, then the light waves are passed on to neighboring atoms through the bulk of the material and re-emitted on the opposite side of the thing.
The butterfly effect is a result of the Lorenz attractor. 

It's the idea that if you change the initial conditions of a system, you can change the state of that system in such a way that it will result in a different state in the future.

In the case of the butterfly effect, it's the fact that you can't predict the outcome of a butterfly flapping its wings in the past, but you can predict its future state.
DirectX is the source code for Steam.  It's a library of all the code that runs on Steam.

Steam is a platform that allows you to play games on other platforms.  Directx is the library that makes it possible for you to run a game on the other platform.  If you want to play a game that's not running on Steam, you need to install directx.
Thermodynamics is the study of the laws of thermodynamics. 

The basic idea behind thermodynamics is that energy can be exchanged between physical systems as heat and work.

For example, if you want to heat a room, you need to heat it up. You can do this by heating it up, but you need energy to do it. 


So, you can't just heat up a room. You need to make it hotter, and if you do that, you have to do a lot of work to make the room hotter.



Thermodynamic work is defined as
Dogs don't consider cats prey, they consider small dogs prey.

Cats are predators, dogs are prey.
There is no such thing as a "word" for "not getting involved in things that do not directly benefit you". 

There is a concept called "avoidance".  It is a way of thinking about things that are not directly beneficial to you.  For example, if you don't want to get involved in something that is bad for you, then you should avoid it.  If you want to do something that does benefit you, you should try to avoid it, but if it does not benefit you then you shouldn't do it.
The dollar is backed by gold.  

Bitcoin is not backed by anything.  It is a virtual currency.  The value of a bitcoin is determined by the value of the bitcoin itself.  If you want to buy something with bitcoin, you have to buy it with it.  You don't have to have gold on hand to do so.
I think it has to do with age. 

When you're in middle school, you're learning about the world around you.  You learn about the people around you, you learn about their lives, and you learn how to interact with them.  When you get older, you don't learn as much about those around you as you did when you were younger.

So when you're a teenager, you have a lot of time to think about what you want to do in your life, and how you're going to do it.  If you look at your friends, you see that they
The Pope is the head of the Catholic Church. He is elected by the cardinals of the Church, who vote for him. 

He is the supreme authority in the Church.  He is the leader of the clergy, and he is in charge of the affairs of the church.

The Pope has the authority to issue papal bulls, or papal decrees.  They are issued by the Holy See, and they have to be approved by the members of the College of Cardinals, who are elected by cardinals.  The papal bull has to be signed by all the Cardinals, and
They're not technically "African Americans", they're "African-Americans" because they are citizens of the United States. 

But they're not "Afro-Americans," they're American citizens because they're black.
It's to prevent birds, flying insects or airborne debris such as seeds or leaves from entering, and pets and small children from entering.
Some flavors are exclusive to textures and some are not. 

For example, when you eat a piece of cheese, you are tasting the flavor of the cheese, not the texture.

If you eat an apple, you're tasting the texture of the apple, but not the taste of the flavor.
I think it has to do with the fact that as you get older, your body's metabolism slows down. 

When you're young, your metabolism increases because your body needs to burn more calories to maintain your core temperature.  When you're older, it slows down because your metabolism stops.  Your body needs more energy to keep your core at a certain temperature.
Northern Ireland is a part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland is part of Ireland. 

The Republic of Ireland is an independent country with its own constitution and government.  It is a member of the European Union.  
  

    >   Northern Ireland has been part of England and Wales since 1921, and is a separate country from the rest of the UK.  The UK is a unionist country, and the Republic is a republican country.

Northern Ireland was divided into two parts in the 19th century, and was ruled by the British.
Israel is a Jewish state.

Gaza is a Palestinian state. 

The West Bank is part of Israel, and the Gaza Strip is a part of Palestine.
Yes, they will. 

They will keep all their memories, personality, and little gestures that people do, but they will not be able to walk the same.
No. 

Anesthesia is used for a variety of reasons, but the main one is to reduce pain.  If you have a herniated disc in your spine, the nerves that cause the pain may not be able to function properly, so they can't be operated on.

If you have nerve damage in your spinal cord, then the nerves can't function properly.  This is why you can't have spinal surgery without anaethesia.
Your armpits are full of sweat glands. 

The sweat in your armpit is mostly made up of oils and fats.  When you sweat, these oils are broken down by your body's bacteria.  These oils are released into the air, where they are picked up by the bacteria.

When you wear a shirt of a certain material, the sweat is not broken down as easily, so the bacteria are able to get ahold of these oils and turn them into chemicals that make you smell like shit.
Fireworks are illegal in nearly half of American States. 

Fireworks have been banned in the US since the early 1900s because they are considered to be a fire hazard.

There are a lot of reasons for this, but the main one is that they are very easy to make and easy to smuggle into the US.  The US is a very large country, and it is not uncommon for people to travel to other countries to buy and sell fireworks.
Free will is the ability to choose between different possible courses of action unimpeded. 

Sam Harris says that we do not truly have free will.  He says that if we did, we would not be able to make the decisions we do, because we would be acting against our own will.
There are two types of voting in the US: secret and secret. 

Secret voting is when you go to a polling station and fill out a paper ballot with your name on it. The ballot is then placed in a special box in the back of the voting booth, and sealed with a sticky note that says "I voted for Hillary Clinton".

In secret voting, the ballot is kept secret until the end of the day, when it is counted.
The heart is complex. 

It's not complex enough to pump blood correctly, but it is complex enough that it needs to be able to pump the blood correctly.

CPR is a way to get the heart to pump more blood.  It's a technique that uses compression of the chest to increase the blood pressure in the heart.  This increases the heart's ability to pump.  When the heart is not pumping, the blood is not being able to get to the organs it needs.  So, when you do chest compressions, you are increasing the pressure of the blood vessels in the
The day we fight back will be a day of protest.  

It will be the day that the government stops spying on us.  The day that they shut down the NSA.
Yes. 

If you hit the bus, the force of the impact would be so great that it would push you off the bus and cause you to fall headfirst into the ground.

However, if the bus is large enough to take on the impact, it would be able to absorb a lot of the force from the impact.
It's not the teenagers on there, it's the fact that it's a game that's aimed at teenagers. 

It's also a game made by a company that makes a lot of money off of teenagers.
It's not for a straight line, it's for an angle.

If you look at the equation, you'll see that the angle is 0.5 degrees, and if you know how to calculate it, you can calculate the angle.
We don't know for sure, but we think it's because we don't have enough evidence to date rocks back to the time of the big bang. 

Rocks on earth are made up of a lot of different elements, some of which have been around for billions of years, and some that have only been around a few million years.

We do know that some of the elements we find in rocks are from the early days of the solar system, but not all of them are.
Sleepwalking is caused by a delay in the maturity of the central nervous system, increased slow wave sleep, increased fever, fever, and excessive tiredness.

Sleepwalking can also be a symptom of a mental illness, such as anxiety, depression, or schizophrenia.
E-cigarettes contain a lot less nicotine than traditional cigarettes, which is why they are less addictive and less likely to lead to addiction. 

_URL_0_
We yell "boo!" to show our disapproval. It's a way to show that we don't like something. 

_URL_0_
It's not that they are "defending their country", it's that they're fighting for their country. They're fighting to protect it.
When you place your hand in a socket, you are touching the end of the device, not the ground. 

The ground is a conductor, and the ground is very resistant to electricity.  If you touch the ground with your hand, the ground will resist the electricity, and it will not be able to go through the ground to the other side.

When you put your hand on a laptop or phone charger, you're touching the ground, and there is no ground to resist the current, so it will go through your hand.
A record is a piece of paper that is wrapped around a spinning cylinder.  The cylinder spins at a certain speed.  When the cylinder spins, it creates a groove in the paper.  This groove is called a groove.  

When you play a record, you are playing a song on the record.  If you want to know how a record works, you need to know what the groove is.

The groove is made of wax, which is a thin layer of wax that is very thin.  A stylus is used to cut a groove into the wax, and the needle is
I'm not a drummer, but I can give you an idea of how drums work. 

A drum is made up of a bunch of tiny little holes.  When you hit one of these holes with a drumstick, you create a vibration.  This vibration causes the drum to vibrate.

When you hit a hole in the drum, you're creating a vibration in the air around the hole.  That vibration is what makes the drum sound like it's vibrating.
They don't "feed" them, they "eat" them. 

The skin is made up of a bunch of cells that are connected to each other by a network of nerves.  These cells are called myoepithelial cells, and they are the ones that make up the skin.
Arabic names are based on a long chain of surnames. 

Abdullah ibn 'Abdullah means "son of Abdullah" or "son-in-law"

Hafiz ibn 'Amr means "father of Hafiz"



Abu Bakr means "brother of Abu Bakr"
The NHL uses a lottery system to determine which team gets the first overall pick. 

The odds of winning the lottery are weighted on a descending scale that gives the lowest chance of winning to the team with the lowest point total (18.5%), and the best chance to win is to win the lottery.

If a team wins the lottery, they get the first pick in the draft, and if they lose, they lose the pick, and the team that won the lottery gets the second pick.
It's called the [Red Reflex](_URL_0_) and it's caused by the dilator muscle in the iris and sclera dilating, which allows more light to reach the back of the eye.
You can buy stocks in the US by going to a stock exchange in your country and buying them. 

If you're buying stocks from a company abroad, you have to go to the exchange in the country where the company is listed and buy them.

The exchange in question is the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong (HKEx).

In the US, the stock exchange is regulated by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).  The SEC regulates the stock market in the U.S. and the stock exchanges in other countries.
Nickelback are a country band from Texas. They are known for their catchy songs, catchy hooks, and catchy harmonies. 

The problem is that they have a tendency to write songs that are overly preachy and preachy.  They are also known for writing songs about sex, drugs, prostitutes, and alcohol consumption.

They have also been accused of using the word "slutty" in their lyrics.
The light from the other side of the mirror will bounce off of your face and bounce off the mirror itself. 

If you were standing in front of a two-way mirror, you would be able to see the reflection of the other person's face, but if you were to stand behind the mirror, it would be hard for you to see their face.
I think it has to do with the fact that when you talk on your phone, you're using your phone as a speakerphone. 

When you talk, your ear drums are vibrating.  When you're talking, your eardrum is vibrating as well.  Your ear drums vibrate in response to the sound waves coming from your phone.

Your ear drums also vibrate when you're speaking.  This causes your brain to think that your voice is louder than it actually is.  The brain interprets this as a louder voice, so it makes you speak louder.
When the car is running, the alternator is connected to the car's alternator.  The alternator has a circuit that connects to the battery.  When the car starts up, it sends a signal to the alternators to start up.

The alternator connects to a relay, which is a relay that connects the car to the batteries.  This relay is a series of wires that are connected to each other.  If one of these wires is damaged, the car will not start. 

If the relay fails, it will shut down the car, and the car won't start.
Sushi is not safe to eat raw.

It's not safe because it contains mercury, it's safe because the bacteria that cause mercury poisoning are not present in the fish.
Hitler was the leader of the National Socialists, the party of the Nazi party. He was a Nazi, and he was a member of the Hitler Youth, which was the Nazi youth movement. The Nazi Youth was the youth wing of the party, and they were the ones who voted for Hitler.

Hitler's political views were very similar to those of the Nazis, and the Nazi Youth were very much in line with his political views. They were anti-Semitism, anti-capitalism, and anti-communism.
They don't. 

They work long hours.  They have to be at the station at 6am and get off at 6pm.  If they don't have a car, they have to walk to work.
Batteries are chemical reactions that happen when the electrolyte (the electrolyte) reacts with the metal parts of the battery. 

The electrolyte is made up of zinc, lead, copper, and other metals.

When the battery is discharged, the zinc and lead start to dissolve into the metal, and the copper and aluminum alloys start to corrode due to a mismatch in the metal alloys used in the battery terminal and cable connector.
It's not an FBI concern when the woman happens to be an actress. It's a concern when they happen to be a celebrity.
I'm not sure if this is ELI5, but I'm going to try to explain it as best as I can.

First of all, you need to be able to think in terms of "what if" and "how". 

If you want to learn something, you have to have a basic understanding of how it works.  You have to know how it's done.  If you don't know how to do it, you can't do it.  It's not that hard to learn, it's that you need a lot of practice and practice.  For example,
Coriander contains saponins, which are chemicals that make the food taste "soapy". The taste of coriander is caused by the presence of the saponin in the plant.
It would be a pain in the ass to make a 6-CD changer. It would require a huge amount of money to make, and it would take a lot of time and effort to make it work.
The burqa ban is not a security issue, it's a cultural issue. 

It's not that the burqa is banned in the US.  It's that it's not allowed to be worn in public.
Time is a measure of the distance between two points in space.

If you look at a clock, you can see that it moves in the same direction, but if you take a picture of it, you will see that the clock is moving in a different direction. 

Time is measured by measuring how fast the clock moves, and how long it takes for the clock to move.
Prpgramming is a form of prpgrammar. 

It's a way to make grammatical rules easier to understand and easier to use.  It's not really a language, it's just a way for people to write down what they think they mean.  For example, if you want to know how to say "I'm hungry" you can use "I am hungry" or "I want to eat"

_URL_0_
Batteries are resistive.  When they are dead, they don't have a lot of energy left in them.

When they are alive, they have a small amount of energy stored in them, so they can be recharged.  If you roll them around a couple of times, they will start working again.
Your blood pressure is measured in mmHg. 

Systolic and diastolic blood pressure are measured in millimeters of mercury (mmHg).

Normal blood pressure for a healthy adult human is 120/80mm Hg systolic (written as 120/60mmHG) and 80/60 diastols (written 120/40mmHhg).  
 
When you have hypertension, your blood pressure increases.  Your blood pressure rises because your heart is pumping too much blood into your blood vessels.  This causes your heart to beat faster, which
Larger companies have a lot of money.  They have the ability to hire more people, hire more employees, and hire more managers.  

Small businesses have less money, so they can't hire as many people.  This means that they have to hire fewer people, which means that their profits are lower.  Small businesses also have to pay more taxes, so their profits aren't as high.
There are different measurements for everything but time.  

For example, if you want to know how long it takes for a piece of paper to travel from one place to another, you need to know the length of the paper.  If you know the distance between the paper and the paper, you can figure out how long the paper travels.  But if you don't know that distance, then you can't figure out the amount of time it takes the paper to get from one point to another.  So you have to figure out a way to divide the paper in half.

If you want
I think it has to do with the fact that when you sleep, your blood vessels in your head are dilated. When you wake up, your brain has to deal with a lot of fluid in your brain, so when you go to sleep, the fluid is removed from your head and your brain is able to focus on the task at hand.
Yes, there are dumb dolphins and genius dolphins, as well as dumb ants and genius ants
Your skin is made up of a lot of different types of fats and oils. Sugar is one of them. 

When you eat sugar, your body breaks down the fats in your skin and makes them into oils. These oils are then absorbed by your skin, which makes your skin greasy and break down.
The ocean is full of water, and it's constantly replenishing itself. 

It's also full of sand.  It's the result of erosion.  The ocean is constantly washing the sand away from the land, and the land is constantly being eroded by the ocean.

There are two types of sand: river sand and sedimentary sand. River sand is made up of sand and gravel, which is the stuff that's washed away by the water.  Ocean sediment is made of sand, and river sand is sand that's made of gravel.
Tire treads are made of rubber.  They have grooves in them that allow the rubber to expand when they are heated up, making more surface area on the pavement, therefore producing the most traction.
Trams are a form of public transportation, not a private business.  They are not a business, they are a public service, and they are regulated by the government.
Hq Trivia makes money by selling ads. 

They don't make money from advertising, they make money by giving away money.
Yes, it is safe. 

It's not really safe, but it's not as bad as you might think.

There are a lot of things that can go wrong with it, but most of them are pretty minor.
I think it's because it's considered taboo because it can lead to mental illness. 

There's a lot of theories about why it's taboo, but I think it has to do with the fact that it's not a healthy thing to do.

It's also because we don't know enough about it to know what causes it to cause mental illness, so we can't really say with 100% certainty that it causes it.
The Apples to Apples people have not been sued by the Cards Against Humanity people.  

Card Against Humanity is not a company.  They are a company that makes a game.  It is a parody of a popular game.
Your body has a system called the hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal axis (which controls reactions to stress and regulates body functions such as digestion, the immune system, mood, sex, or energy usage) while suppressing growth hormones. 

When you sleep, your body releases cortisol, which is a hormone that regulates your body's metabolism.  When you don't get enough sleep, you're not getting enough cortisol, so your body can't produce enough glycogen, which your body uses to fuel your body.

This means that your body has to go through a process called glycogen depletion
The moon is home to a lot of natural resources that we don't have access to on Earth.  It's also a place where we can study the history of our planet.
Vampirism is a myth. It's not a real thing. 

It's just something that's been around for a long time, but it's only recently that it's been brought to the attention of the general public.

In the 18th and 19th century, there was an outbreak of vampiric attacks in the Habsburg Monarchy in Austria, and it spread to other parts of Europe, and then spread to the rest of Europe.  It's a bit of a myth, but there's a lot of truth to it.
Incorporated is a type of corporation. 

A limited liability company (LLC) is a form of corporation that has limited liability.

In the US, a corporation is a legal entity in which no one has personal responsibility for the entity's liabilities.  This means that the owner of the company is not personally liable for the company's liabilities, but the company does have to pay taxes on the income of the owner.  A limited liability corporation is different from a partnership, which is a partnership where the owner is personally responsible for the liabilities of the entity.  In the UK, a
Python is a scripting language.  It's written in C, which is a programming language.

Python code is written in a language called Cython.  Cython is the language that's used to write web pages.  When you run a web page in Python, the code is sent to the web server.  The web server sends the code to the browser, which then sends it back to your computer.  This is done by CGI.  CGI is a CGI program that uses CGI to render the web page.  

CGI is a way for web pages to be rendered.
Chemotherapy works because it causes the cancer cells to stop dividing. 

Chemotherapy is not just pumping poison into your body, it's also causing the cells in your body to stop multiplying.

The cancer cells are programmed to do so, and when they stop dividing, they die.
Heat is one of the most abundant energy sources, but we don't have an efficient way of harnessing it yet. 

We don't even know how efficient we can harness it yet, and we're not even close to being able to harness it efficiently.

There are a lot of things we can do, but the most efficient way is to use it as a heat sink.  We can use it to boil water, but that's not efficient enough to heat our homes.  It takes a lot more energy to heat water than it does to boil it, so we need to find a way
The freezer is on the bottom, and the fridge on the top.

When you open the freezer door, you're opening the door to the outside air, which is warmer than the inside air.  This causes the temperature of the air inside the freezer to rise.  When you close the door, the cold air is lower.  So when you put the freezer on top, the temperature is lower, and it's easier for you to open the door and let the air out of the freezer.
Dentists are paid to take x-rays. 

The reason they do it is because they want to be able to tell if there is any damage to the teeth or not.
We could, but it would require a lot of energy to convert the CO2 into oxygen. 

We can't do it on Mars because it's too cold and the atmosphere is too thin.
Facial hair is a sign of maturity. It's a sign that you're past puberty, which is when men grow facial hair, and women don't.
Metahumor is a term used to refer to someone who has a mutation that causes them to be able to do things that other people can't. 

In the DC universe, metahumans are used in the animated series Static Shock.

A metamutant gene is a gene that causes a person to have a mutation in their DNA that allows them to do certain things that others can't, such as being able to walk, talk, etc.
When you are nervous, your body's fight or flight response kicks in. Your body releases adrenaline, which causes your heart to beat faster and your blood to pump more blood to your muscles. This causes your hands to tremble and shake.
The older you get, the less significant you feel compared to the rest of society. 

There are a lot of reasons for this, but the most important is that you are more likely to feel like you are a part of a larger group of people than you are of a smaller group.

For example, when you are young, you are less likely to think of yourself as part of the larger group.  You have less time to think about how important you are to society, and so you don't feel as important.  When you are older, you have more time to reflect on your own
Because they are for profit. 

If you want to make a profit, you have to pay taxes on it.  If you don't want to, you can't.
Because it's a big deal.

We haven't been to the moon in over 40 years.  It's been a long time since we've been to any other planet.  The moon is the only other place we know of that is habitable, and it's the only place that we know has any natural resources.  If we were to go to Mars, we'd be going to a place that doesn't have natural resources, and we'd have to send people to live there.  That's a lot of work.  

Also, it would be a lot more expensive than going to
The advantage is that you can see the movie in a wider field of view. 

The disadvantage is that your eyes are not used to seeing a movie on a large screen, so they are used to looking at it on a smaller screen.
An editorial is an opinion piece written by the editorial board of a newspaper.

A sponsored article is an article written by a company that wants to get their name in the paper. 

Advertorials are articles written by companies that want to have their name on the front page of the newspaper.
I think it has to do with the texture of the potato itself. French fries tend to have a softer, less crisp texture than potato chips, which is why they're called french fries.
Batteries are usually sold in kilowatt hours (kWh) not kilowatts.

The reason for this is that kWh is the unit of energy used to store the energy in the battery. 

If you want to know how much energy is stored in a battery, you need to know the amount of time it takes for the battery to store that energy.  If you know how long it takes to store it, you can figure out how much power it needs to store. 


In other words, if you have a battery that stores a certain amount of energy in kWh,
The air inside the slide is compressed by the weight of the plane. When the plane hits the ground, it pushes the compressed air out of the slide, causing it to expand.
We use hand sanitizer because it doesn't cause bacteria to develop resistance to it.

Antibacterial soaps, on the other hand, do cause resistance to some bacteria, but not all of them.
You can be biologically predispositioned to have a phobia. It's just that it's not something you're born with, it's something you learn to develop. 

For example, if you have a fear of heights, you can be genetically predisposed to it because you were exposed to heights as a child. If you're afraid of heights as an adult, you might be genetically predisposed to it.
I think it's because you're constipated. When you get closer to the bathroom, your intestines contract, which causes your ass to feel like it's going to explode. 

_URL_0_
Laser cooling works by slowing down the rate at which light travels through atoms. 

When light hits an atom, it causes it to slow down its momentum.  This slows down the speed of light so that it doesn't hit the atoms as hard as it would if it hit them with a normal laser.
We have genes that code for slow aging, which often translates to good cellular repair. 

We also have a lot of genes that allow us to live longer than other species, which is why we can live up to 100 years, while other species can live between hours to 1000 years
The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has regulations surrounding false advertising, but they also state that advertainment does not make ‘objective claims’ about a product, so the rules do not apply. 

The FTC is not a government agency, so they don’t have the authority to enforce the laws.
Drones have become popular because they are cheaper to operate, and because they can be used for a wide variety of tasks.

Drones are also cheaper to maintain and maintain than manned aircraft, which means that they are easier to maintain. 

Also, they are more reliable than manned planes, meaning they are less prone to crashing. 

 >  Why has there been a proliferation of drones and why have they become so popular?

Because they are so cheap.  They are easy to maintain, easy to use, and easy to operate.  Also, they have been around for a while
It's called the [Aureole effect](_URL_0_).

When water hits the surface of a pool, the surface tension of the water causes it to break down into droplets. These droplets are so small that they don't splash when they first touch the surface, but when they hit the surface again, they start to splash.
The Second Amendment protects the right to keep and bear arms for self-defense. 

It's not the government's job to enforce gun control laws.  It's their job to protect the rights of the people.
It's because our eyes have three kinds of cone cells that sense light: rods, cones, and rods. The rods are more sensitive to blue light, and the cones are less sensitive to red light.

When you're in a dark room, the rods are not as sensitive as the cones, so they can't pick up as much of the blue light. The cones are also better at picking up red light, so when you are in a bright room, they can pick up more of the red light than the cones.
It is illegal to pull the plug on someone who is brain dead(or a "Human vegetable") because it is considered murder. 

It is legal to turn off life support if the person is on life support.
Because he was the one that approached Trayvon, not the other way around.
I think it has to do with the fact that writing in first or second person is a natural part of the writing process. 

When you write in first person, you're trying to express your thoughts and feelings in the first person.  When you're writing in the second person you're expressing your feelings and thoughts in the third person.
Because it's easier to remember than it is to remember a password. 

It's also easier for you to forget a password than for someone to guess it.

If you have to change your password every time you log in to a website, it's going to be harder to remember.
Cannabis is a plant that has two main components: THC and CBD. THC is the psychoactive part of the plant, CBD is the non-psychoactive part. 

THC is a psychoactive component of cannabis, and CBD is a non-psychotropic component of marijuana.

Indica has higher levels of THC than sativa, so it has a higher psychoactive effect.
I think it's because you're not getting enough oxygen to your sinuses. 

Your sinuses are filled with a lot of water.  When you go without eating, your blood vessels get constricted, which causes a headache.
Masterkeys are a set of keys that you can program into your computer. 

You can program them to do anything you want.

For example, if you want to play a song on your computer, you can use the keyboard as a piano.  You can program the keyboard to play any song you want, but you can't program the piano to play the same song over and over again.  If you program a song into the keyboard, the piano will play it.  But if you don't have a piano, the keyboard will play the song for you.  So you have to program
It's a form of protest. It's a way for people to show that they are unhappy with the way things are being run and want to change it.
Insurance is a contract between the insurer and the provider.  

The insurer pays the provider for the services they provide, but the provider has to pay the insurer for the out-of-pocket costs.

If you have a car accident, the insurance company will pay the deductible.  If you have an illness, the insurer will pay your out of pocket.
Puerto Rico is not a state. It is a territory. 

It is part of the United States, but it is not an independent state.  It is not part of any of the 50 states.
There is no way to prevent white hairs, but there is a way to reduce the number of white hairs. 

If you have a genetic mutation that causes white hairs to appear, it's called [Melanocortin 1](_URL_0_). It's a protein that binds to the Melanocyte-stimulating hormone (MSH) which is released by the pituitary gland, and stimulates the production and release of melanin in skin and hair. If you don't have the mutation, your hair will not be able to produce melanin.
Dogs are social animals. They are social because they need to be around other dogs to get food, water, shelter, etc.  They are also social animals because they want to be close to other dogs.

Dogs have a natural instinctual drive to mate with other dogs, so they will do whatever it takes to get them to mate.
Bluetooth dongles aren't built into the PC's built-in function, they're sold separately. 

The dongle is used to connect the mouse and keyboard to the PC, and the PC uses it to connect to the computer's wifi network.

If you want to connect a mouse to your computer, you need to connect it to the wifi network, and then connect the keyboard to it.
If the army were to disband, they would be replaced by a civilian government. 

The government would have to appoint a new army to replace them, and the army would be disbanded.

If the government doesn't want to disband the army, they could dissolve the government, but the military would still be there.
Thread counts are based on the number of threads per square inch. 

If you want to know how many threads are in a sheet, you need to look at how many individual threads there are in the entire sheet.

The thread count is based on how many strands are in each square inch of the sheet.
They don't. 

If they were to collide head-on, they would collide because they would be going at the same speed.

But if they are going at different speeds, they will collide because the cars are traveling at different rates of speed.
When you shine a light on an animal's eyes, it causes them to glow. It's called bioluminescence. 

Basically, the animal has a layer of cells called the tapetum lucidum which contains many small arteries and veins. When you shine light on them, the blood vessels in the animal's eye drain blood into the area of the retina, which is the part of the eye that sees the light. When the blood drains out of the animal, the cells in the eye absorb the light and turn on and off in a cyclical pattern, producing a twinkling effect.
The cartels have been around for a long time. 

In the early days of the drug war in Mexico, the government was able to crack down on the cartels, but it wasn't enough to wipe them off the face of the earth.

The cartels were mostly based in rural areas, where the government didn't have the resources to deal with them. They were able to maintain control over a large portion of the country, but they weren't strong enough to take over the entire country.
It's not that you're tired, it's that your body isn't used to being awake for 16+ hours at a time.

Your body is used to waking up in the middle of the night and going back to sleep at the end of the day.
Your eyes are the eyes of your brain. When you close your eyes, your brain shuts down the part of the brain responsible for seeing. When your eyes are open, it's the part responsible for perceiving the world around you.
The QB rating is a measure of how good a quarterback is at throwing the ball.  

It's based on the number of passes thrown, completions, yards, touchdowns, and interceptions.  It ignores sacks, fumbles, designed runs and scrambles, which punishes mobile QB’s.
Fur is made up of pigments called melanin. Melanin is a pigment that absorbs heat from the sun and reflects it back to your skin. 

Humans have a lot of melanin in our skin, but not enough in our fur. This means that our fur absorbs more heat than our skin does, so we don't get as hot as we would if we didn't have it.
DNA methylation is a measure of how much time has passed since you were born. 

If you look at a person's DNA, you can see that it has been methylated over time.  This means that the DNA has been changed over time, and that it is more or less the same as it was when you were a child.  If you take a sample of someone's DNA and compare it to the DNA of another person, you will see that they are the same age.

This can be used to determine the age of a person based on their DNA methylation.
When the display backlight comes on, it's because the screen's phosphors lose their excitation between sweeps of the electron gun, and the afterglow is unable to fill such gaps. 

When the screen is off, the phosphors are not firing as fast as they should, so the backlight doesn't get enough energy to fill the gaps.

This causes the screen to flicker, which is why you hear the whine.
It's because 9mm has a larger case, which allows it to hold more bullets, which means that it's easier to load and unload. 

Also, 9mm is lighter than.40 or.45, meaning that it can be loaded and unloaded more easily.

It's also lighter than 7.62mm, which is why they use it for machine guns.
I'm not sure what the consequences would be, but I'd imagine it would be a lot worse than the current situation. 

Sweden is a cashless society because it's a very cash-dependent society.  If you don't have a bank account, you can't withdraw money from your bank account.

If you do, you have to pay the bank with your credit card, which is a lot harder to do than if you have no bank account at all.  You can't just go to a bank and withdraw cash, you need to have a credit card.  This means that
The 100 dollar bill is the most secure bill in circulation because it's the one the government uses to keep track of how much money is in circulation. 

If you have $100 in your wallet, you can't lose it.  If you lose $100, it's not going to be able to be traced back to you.
The government uses email because it's a way for them to communicate with each other.  It's also a way to keep in touch with the people who work for them.  If you don't have access to email, you can't talk to them.
It's not that the server is down for active users, it's that it's overloaded. 

A server is a piece of hardware that is connected to the internet.  It's connected to a network that connects to the rest of the world.  When you have a lot of traffic coming in and out of your server, it can't handle it all.  If you have too much traffic, it will fail.

If you have lots of traffic, the server will start to slow down because it's not able to handle the amount of traffic.  This can be caused by a number of
They're not reflective, they're reflective black. 

They're meant to slow down the evaporation of water, which is why they're black.
I think it's an 8-pind DIN or MBUS connection. 

I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it might be a DIN/MBUS jack.
Poppy seed tea contains DMT, which is a psychoactive hallucinogen. 

Poppy seeds contain a lot of other chemicals that can be toxic, but not as much as DMT.
Africa is still a mess. 

It's not the mess we're told it is.  It's a mess because it's a huge continent with a lot of people who are poor and have very little access to basic services.

There are a few things that make it a mess:

1. Poverty

2. Corruption

3. Lack of access to education

4. Poor infrastructure

5. Poor governance

6. Poor leadership

7. Poor politics

8. Poor government

These are all things that are not easily fixable.
A short circuit is caused by a short circuit. 

When you turn on a lightbulb, the filament of the bulb heats up.  When it does this, it creates a spark.  The spark causes a current to flow through the filament, which causes the bulb to flicker.
Password managers use a random password generator that generates a unique password that can't be guessed by a human. 

They also use a hashing algorithm to generate the password, which is a way of storing the password in a secure keychain that can be read by a computer.

The password manager uses this keychain to store the password as it is typed into the computer, so that it can be easily read by any computer that can access the keychain.
Your body has a circadian rhythm. It's a cycle that determines when you need to sleep and when you don't. When you wake up in the middle of the night, your body is trying to get back into that rhythm. 

Your body produces melatonin, which is a hormone that helps you fall asleep at night. When it's low, it makes you feel tired, but when it's high, you feel rested.
I'm not sure what would happen if you stopped drinking beer, but I'm guessing it would be bad for you. 

Your body would be dehydrated, and your body would need to drink more water to replenish the water it has lost.
When you pour water over ice, you are heating it up.  The ice is freezing, so the water is still very cold.  When you pour it over the ice, the water evaporates, and the water becomes steam.  This is because the ice is too cold for the water to be able to freeze.  So the water boils, and turns into steam.
The FCC is investigating the deal.

The FCC regulates the cable industry, and they are looking into the deal because they are concerned that it will lead to higher prices for consumers.
The difference between a bachelor's degree and a doctorate degree is that the degree is in a different field of study.

For example, if you want to be a doctor of medicine, you need to take a master's degree in medicine, which is in the same field as a PhD, but you also need to do some research in order to get your doctorate. 

A doctorate in education is a degree in education, which means that you have to do a lot of research to earn it, and it's usually in a field that requires a PhD in. For example, you can get
Credit unions are regulated by the Financial Services Authority (FSA).  This means that they have to follow the same rules as other banks.  They are not allowed to do things like lend money to people who are not members of the FSA, and they can't charge interest on loans.
I'm not sure, but I think it has to do with the way the video files are encoded. 

Snapchat videos are stored on your phone's SD card, which is a very small amount of RAM.  When you take a snapchat video, you're using the phone's camera to take a picture of your face, and the video is stored on the SD card.  This is why it's laggy and low quality.
I think it's because they're trying to get people to pay more for something they don't really need. 

Bacon is a staple item on the menu at Wendy's, so they want to get more people to buy it.

I don't know about you, but I'm not sure I'd be willing to pay $1.99 for a bacon cheeseburger.
Kafka was a German writer who wrote a collection of short stories and short stories in the style of Dadaism. 

Orwell was influenced by Dadaist writers such as Dada and Dadaists.

Dadaism is a style of writing that uses a lot of symbolism and symbolism to create a sense of depth and meaning.  It's similar to Dada in that it uses symbolism to make the reader feel like they are in a different world. 


Orkafesque is a term used to describe the way he wrote.  He used symbolism to show the reader
The cars used are far from being "stock". 

They are stock because they are made by the same manufacturers as the cars they are racing.  They are not stock because the cars are built by a different manufacturer.  There is no such thing as a "stock car" in NASCAR.  The cars are just cars that have been made by different manufacturers.
It's the most common way to generate electricity. 

When you turn a wheel, you're using the momentum of the wheel to push down on the chain, which causes the chain to move in the opposite direction to the rotation of the earth.
The syringes will be made out of polymers.

Polypropylene (PP) is the most common material used in medical equipment. 

It is a polymer that is very strong and can withstand a lot of abuse.
When you look at an object, your eyes focus on the part of the retina (the back of your eye) that receives light from the outside of your eyes. This is called the fovea. 

When you're looking at something from a distance, your eye focuses on the area of your retina that receives the light from outside your eyes, which is what you see when you look directly at the object.

Your eyes also adjust the size of the pupil in each eye. The pupil constricts in order to prevent strongly diverging light rays hitting the periphery of the cornea and the lens
I think it has to do with the fact that the laws were written in the days before the invention of the printing press. 

In the days of olden times, there was no police force, so it was very difficult to enforce the laws.

If you were caught stealing a piece of property, you would have to pay a fine, which would be a lot more severe than if you were found guilty of murder.
They don't. 

Flies don't fly head-first into walls and windows because they don't have much of a chance of hitting their heads.  They're too small.
It's a decentralized currency.  

The blockchain is a ledger of all the transactions that have ever been made on the network.  Every time a new block is added to the blockchain, a new transaction is sent to the rest of the network to verify that the transaction is valid.  If it's not, then the block is invalid.

If it's valid, then it's worth the same amount of bitcoins.  This is called the "mining difficulty".  The difficulty is determined by the amount of time it takes for a block to be generated.  The harder the block, the more
Client-side encryption encrypts the data sent to and received by the server. End-to-end encryption protects both confidentiality and integrity.
They don't. 

They can sue.  They can sue for libel, slander, slanderous libel, libelous slander, defamation, defamation of character and defamation of reputation.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm assuming it has something to do with traffic management.

When you have a lot of traffic on your network, your ISP has to manage the amount of bandwidth it has available to handle it all. 

If you have lots of traffic coming in at the same time, the network has to make sure it can handle all of it.  If it can't handle it, it will slow down.
The US is a founding member of the World Trade Organization (WTO) and the International Monetary Fund (IMF). The WTO was created after World War II, and the IMF was founded after the fall of the USSR. 

The US has a lot of influence in the WTO because it is the world's largest economy, and is a major player in the world economy.
Dopamine is a neurotransmitter that is released in the mesolimbic pathway, which is the part of the brain responsible for regulating mood and emotions.

Alcohol is a depressant, so it affects the neurotransmitters in the brain. 

When you drink alcohol, it causes your brain to release dopamine, which in turn increases the amount of dopamine in your brain.
They don't. It's not that they don't want to, they just don't have the time to do it.
When you change gears in a manual transmission, you are using the clutch to push the engine into a higher gear. 

When you push the clutch down, you're using the engine to push it into a lower gear.

You're also using the throttle to increase the speed of the engine, which is what causes the transmission to change gears.
They have three pairs of abdominal organs that produce electricity: the main organ, the Hunter's organ, and the Sach's organ. These organs make up four fifths of its body, and give the electric eel the ability to generate two types of electric organ discharges: low voltage and high voltage.

The low voltage ones are used to detect and locate prey. The high voltage ones use to stun or paralyze the prey.
Drowning is when your heart stops beating. 

Your lungs stop working, and your body shuts down.  Your brain stops working as well.

It's like when you fall into a pool of water and you can't breathe.
Beef, pork, and salmon are not all the same. 

Beef and pork are far more likely to have bacteria in them than chicken or fish.

Salmonella, for example, is found in beef, but not in pork or fish, so it's not as likely to cause you to get sick.
It's not really a science, it's just a fashion statement.

When you drink beer, you're drinking CO2, which is a naturally occurring gas. When you're drunk, CO2 dissolves in your eyes, and when you're not drinking, it doesn't. The effect is that the CO2 makes it harder for your eyes to see, which makes you look less attractive.



The reason for this is because CO2 is a hydrophobic gas, which means that it has a higher surface area than water, so it's easier for it to stick to your eyes. When
Streaming is not downloading something temporarily.

It's transferring data from one device to another. 

When you're downloading something, you're sending it to a server.  When you're streaming it's transferring it to another device.
The thickness of the string doesn't affect the sound frequency, it affects the frequency of the sound. 

When you strum a string, you are vibrating the air around it, and the air is vibrating back and forth between the strings.

If the string is thinner, it will vibrate at a lower frequency, but if it is thicker, it vibrates at a higher frequency, which means that the sound will be louder.
Water is a mixture of water molecules. 

The water molecules are attracted to each other, but they are also attracted to other water molecules as well.

When water is in contact with a surface, it is attracted to the water molecules that are not attracted to it.  This means that water molecules have to interact with each other in order to form a solid substance.  When water is wet, it takes up more space on the surface than it does on the air, so it is more likely to stick to the surface.
I think it has to do with the way your brain interprets the movement of your fingers. When you drum your fingers together, you're using the muscles at the back of your hand, which are connected to the muscles in your wrist. If you do it in the opposite direction, you are using muscles that aren't connected to each other, which is why it feels so natural and almost relaxing to do it.
You can make anti-matter by combining antiprotons and positrons. 

Antiprotons are made up of antiproton quarks, which are made of quarks that combine with quarks in either neutrons or protons, resulting in high-energy pions, that quickly decay into high energy pions.

Neutrinos are made by combining neutrons and protons in a cyclotron, which is a very powerful particle accelerator, and they can be used to make high energy protons and neutrons.
Pilots are trained to negotiate course changes to avoid colliding with each other. 

If they are flying at the same altitude, they can calculate the distance between themselves and the other aircraft.

But if they are traveling at different altitudes, they need to calculate how far away they are from each other, and how fast they are going.
When you are aroused, your body releases hormones that cause blood vessels in your vagina to constrict, which causes blood to flow to your clitoris and the labia minora. This causes them to swell, which leads to increased blood flow to the clitoris, causing it to get wet.
I'm not sure what you mean by "personal browsing data" but I'll try to explain it.

Browsing data is a collection of information about what you do on the internet, where you go, what websites you go to, and how long you are there, and where you are when you leave the internet. 

The government can use this information to track you and sell your location, your browsing history, your email address, your phone number, and other information about you to advertisers and other companies. 


It's not illegal to sell this information, but it's illegal to
It doesn't check over 100 files a second for all known viruses.  

It scans the files that are known to be infected.  If it finds a virus, it knows that it's a known virus, and it knows how to detect it.  It also knows that the virus is not self-modifying, so it doesn't need to modify the files it finds.
Inactive ingredients are chemicals that are not active. 

For example, acetylsalicylic acid is an active ingredient in ibuprofen, but it is inactive in the sense that it does not have any effect on the body.

The active ingredient is the drug itself.  It is the active ingredient that makes you feel good.  The inactive ingredient is what causes you to feel sick.  This is because it is a chemical that has no effect on your body.  If you take a pill of acetaminophen, it will make you feel better, but if you take acetamin
A black hole is a spherical object. 

It is not a singularity, it is a region in space that surrounds the singularity at its center; it's called the event horizon.

The event horizon is the area of space around the center of a black hole where the gravitational pull of all the mass of the surrounding matter is equal to the speed of light.
Because it's cheaper and **way** safer. 

Gas, electricity, and firing squads are proven effective and **WAY** cheaper.
I think it has to do with the fact that two eyes are more efficient at detecting movement. 

If you have a single eye, you can only see what is directly in front of you.  If you have two eyes, you need to be able to see what's behind you.
They don't have a seemingly endless supply of it.

They have a lot of silkworms, and they can produce it on demand.
The pipes are made of metal, and when they are heated, they vibrate. 

When the pipes vibrate, they rub against the copper refrigerant lines in the wall soffit and make them vibrate as well.

The sound you're hearing is the sound of the pipes rubbing against each other.
The British were fighting the Americans, not the other way around. 

It was the British who started the Revolutionary War, the Americans started the Civil War.
It's called hypnagogic hallucinations, and it's caused by a disconnect between your brain and your body. 

When you're asleep, your body is in the middle of a sleep cycle (REM sleep) and your brain is trying to transition between the two stages of sleep. When you wake up, you're still in REM sleep, so your brain has a hard time telling which stage you're in and which one is waking up from.

It's also known as a "night hag" or a "shadow hag".

_URL_0_

If you're
Shaking cold water causes the water molecules in the water to freeze. 

When you shake cold water, you are changing the temperature of the water, which causes it to change the shape of the molecules in it.

The water molecules that are most affected are the ones that are the least able to stop bending, so when you shake it, they start to bend, and when they do, they freeze.
Optimization is the process of reducing the amount of time it takes for a program to complete a task. 

For example, if you have a program that takes a long time to run, and you want to make it run faster, you might want to reduce the size of the program so that it takes less time to do the task.

Optimizing a program means reducing the number of times it takes to do a task, and making it take less time for it to do that task.
When you breathe naturally, your diaphragm pushes the rib cage upwards and outwards, increasing the volume of the thoracic cavity. This increases the capacity of your lungs, but it also increases the amount of force required to push the ribcage back down. 

When you take a deep breath, you're using a lot of muscles to pull your rib cage up and down, which increases the volume in your chest and abdomen. This is why you don't inhale close to (or all of) your lung's capacity worth of air when we breathe naturally.
When you are tired, your body is trying to get rid of excess calcium in your muscles. This is called "metabolic fatigue" and it is caused by a lack of energy in the muscle, by a decrease of the efficiency of the neuromuscular junction or by a reduction of the drive originating from the central nervous system.
The First Amendment protects the right to free speech. 

The EPA is a government agency, not a private organization.  The First Amendment does not protect them from being gagged.
It is a Schedule 1 drug, which means that it is considered a Schedule I controlled substance.  It is not a Schedule II drug, meaning that it can be prescribed by a doctor, but it is not Schedule IV.  

The reason it is Schedule 1 is because it is a psychoactive substance, meaning it has a high potential for abuse.

It is not illegal for a doctor to prescribe medical marijuana, it is illegal for them to sell it.
I live in Orange Mound, TN.  It's a small town with a lot of history.  I grew up there, and it's a great place to raise a family.
It's not a good video.

It's a parody of a song.  It's not even a good song, it's just a parody.  

_URL_0_
It is beneficial to buy your own modem and router because it is easier to set up and maintain.  

If you have a company that provides you with access to their network, it is very easy for them to tell you what you need to do.  If you don't want to pay them for access to your network, they will tell you to go to a different provider.  They will also tell you how much it will cost to upgrade your router and modem.

It is also beneficial to have your own router because you can set it up yourself.  You don't have to deal with
Alcohol is a depressant, but it's also a diuretic. 

Alcohol lowers blood pressure because it lowers your heart rate, which lowers your blood pressure.

Your blood pressure is regulated by your diaphragm, which regulates the blood pressure in your arteries.  If you drink too much alcohol, your heart will start to pump more blood, which will cause your heart to pump less blood.  This is why you feel like you're going to pass out.  Your heart can't pump enough blood to keep up with the amount of alcohol in your blood, so it will
I think it's because it's easier for the writers to focus on one character at a time. 

If you have 2 actors/actresses playing 2 different characters in the same episode, it's harder for them to get the same amount of work done.
MDMA is a drug that is used to treat anxiety.  It is a stimulant, but it is also a depressant.

MDMA does not have any psychoactive properties, it is just a chemical that causes you to feel euphoric.  When you take it, you feel like you are high, but you are not.  This is because your brain is telling your body that you are drunk, and your body is telling you that you need to take it.
When defending a person who is obviously guilty of a crime, it is the lawyer's duty to present evidence to prove their client's guilt beyond a reasonable doubt.  

This means that the lawyer must be able to refute the evidence presented by the prosecution and present exculpatory evidence.
The Channel Tunnel was built in the 1950s. 

First, they had to dig a trench down to the seabed.

Then, they dug a tunnel that was deep enough that the water would not be able to enter the tunnel.  This was done with a boring machine.  The tunnel was dug down to a depth where the water level was low enough that it wouldn't flood.  Then, they poured concrete over the concrete to make it waterproof.  After that, the concrete was poured into the tunnel and sealed with a steel shell.  When the concrete is poured, the water
They're not giving the money straight up, they're giving it as collateral. 

It's called the "donor strike" and it's a way for candidates to get people to give more money to them than they would if they were to just give it straight up.
It's not so hard to prevent clipping of 3D models in video games. 

The problem is that the 3D model is made up of a bunch of polygons.  If you want to make a 3d model, you need to know how many polygons are on the surface of the model, and how far away they are from each other.

If you don't know this, you can't make a model that has enough polygons to cover the entire screen.  So you have to make sure that all the polygons on the model are at the same distance from the screen.
They don't measure the amount of nutrients in a pound of beef, they measure the weight of the protein in the meat.

The Kjeldahl method is used to determine the total amount of nitrogen in the protein. 

Proteins are made up of a bunch of tiny molecules called amino acids.  They are dissolved in water, and when they are digested, they break down into amino acids, which are then broken down by the enzymes in your body.  These enzymes break down the amino acids into their constituent parts, and then they are measured.  This is how we know the
The rules for using square brackets in text are:

1. You can't use them for explanatory purposes.

2. Use them to mark where a word or phrase has been omitted from the original text

3. They can be used to mark places where a quote has been added to the text.
When you have water in your ear, it's because your eardrum (the part of your ear that controls your hearing) has a membrane that connects to the inner ear. This membrane is called the tympanic membrane. When you're underwater, the pressure in your middle ear is lower than in the outside, so the pressure inside your ear can't equalize with the pressure outside. This causes your ear to feel like it's being crushed.

When you're in the water, the water is trapped in the middle of the membrane, so it's not able to equalize the pressure between the outside
It's not an evolutionary reason, it's a conditioning mechanism. 

When you're scared, your brain releases hormones that make you think you're going to die.  When you freeze, your body thinks you're about to die, so it's trying to make sure you're not going to.

It's a way for your brain to keep you warm.
Preservatives are chemicals that are added to food to prevent it from rotting. 

Some of them are antimicrobial, some are anti-bacterial, and some are antioxidant.

Antibiotics are used to prevent bacteria from eating the food.  They also prevent the growth of mold and other organisms that can cause food to spoil.
Chewing increases the surface area of the food, which allows it to be broken down by enzymes.

Saliva helps in this process. When you chew, you stimulate the salivary glands in your mouth to produce more saliva, which helps in breaking down the food.
Farting is a verb, not a noun. 

It's used as a noun, but it's also used as an adjective.

If you fart in public, it's considered rude, but if you do it in private, you're considered rude.
I think it's a cultural thing.  

In the US, extroversion is seen as a virtue.  It means that you are outgoing, outgoing, and outgoing.  Being introverted means you are shy, introverted, and shy.
Your nipples are made up of connective tissue (collagen, elastin), white fat, and the suspensory Cooper's ligaments.  These are the muscles that hold the nipple in place.  They also contain nerves, blood vessels, lymphatic vessels, and lymphatic lymphatic cells.  When you are lactating, you have a lot of these connective tissues and fat in your breast.  This allows the milk to drain out of the breast and into the surrounding tissue.
Your eye doctor will tell you that you have astigmatism and presbyopia.  

Astigmatism is when your eyes are too close to each other.  It means that your eyes aren't getting enough light from the same source.  If you have a problem with this, you need glasses to correct it.

Presbyopia is when you have too much light in your eyes.  This means that you can't see what's directly in front of your eyes, so you need to wear glasses to focus on what's behind you.  Presbyopia can also cause double vision,
The Israelis want the Palestinians to give up all of their land, including the West Bank and the Gaza Strip. 

The Palestinians want Israel to withdraw from all of the territories it has occupied since 1967 and allow them to return to their own land.
Being 'hurt' isn't a turn on, it's an arousing experience. 

Your brain is wired to respond to pain.  When you're aroused, your brain sends signals to your brain telling it that something is wrong.  If you're in pain, it tells your brain that something's wrong, and your brain interprets that as a sign of danger.

If you're not in danger, you don't feel the pain, you feel the pleasure.
Blood is used for a variety of things. 

1. It can be used to treat diseases.  For example, if you have a blood clotting disorder, your blood is used to help treat it.

2. It's used to make medications.  If you have anemia, it's used as a blood transfusion.  It can also be used for blood transfusions.  When you donate blood, the blood is tested to see if it is contaminated with a virus or bacteria.  This is done by using a machine called a phlebotomy machine.  The machine takes
Windows 10 is a new version of the operating system. 

Windows 7 is the last version of Windows to be released.  It is the successor to Windows 95, which was released in 1997.  Windows 95 was the first version of Microsoft's operating system that was designed to run on the Intel 80286 processor, which is the same processor as the Intel 8086 CPU used in Windows 98.  
   

   >   Windows 7 is a newer version of OSX.  This means that it is designed to be more powerful than Windows 95.  The reason this is the
A 1440p phone doesn't need any other internals or programing.

A 4K monitor does, but it requires a lot more power.
You can think of an entity as a collection of data.  

Say you have a list of all the cars in your garage.  You put them in a table.  If you want to know how many cars there are, you can look at the list of cars and see how many are in the table.

You can also think of a relationship as a set of relationships.  For example, if you have 10 cars, you could say that each car has a relationship to the other cars in the list.  So if you put 10 cars in a row, you would have 10 relationships
The history of Canada is a bit complicated, but I'll try to break it down as best I can.

1. Canada was originally a colony of the United Kingdom. It was split into two parts, Upper Canada and Lower Canada. 

2. In 1867, the British decided to give the two parts of Canada independence from the UK, and they formed a new country called Canada. This new country was governed by the federal government, which was elected by the Parliament of Canada. The federal government was made up of a number of different provinces, each of which had their own laws and their own
When you flip the mirror up, you are changing the angle of the mirror. 

When you turn the mirror back down, the angle is the same as when you flipped it up.

You can see your reflection in the mirror when you flip it up, but you can't see the reflection when you turn it down.
It depends on how old the film is. 

If it's old, grainy and captured on film, it can be restored to 1080p HD.  It's usually done by hand.  The film is scanned and then scanned into a master file, which is then transferred to a new master file.  This master file is then converted to 720p.  Then it's scanned into 1080p.

It's also possible to convert the master file to 4K, but that's a lot more expensive and takes a lot of time.
When you hold in your need to pee, your body is telling your brain that you need to urinate, but your brain is telling you that you don't need to. 

When you're aroused, your brain tells your body that you do need to go, so you hold it in.
It's called the [Levator palpebrae superioris](_URL_0_). It's a muscle in the back of your eye that controls your eyelids. When you hear a loud noise, your brain sends a signal to your brain telling it to open and close your eyes, and it does so.
Some SSRIs (selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors) can have suicidal thoughts as a side effect. 

This is a very common side effect of SSRI's.  It's called "suicidal ideation".  It can be a symptom of depression, mania, or any number of other mental illnesses.
They use the accelerometer in your phone to measure your heart rate, breathing rate, and heart rate. They then use that data to determine when you are awake, lightly sleeping, and deeply sleeping.
Caramel is made by combining sugar with cream, butterscotch is made with cream and molasses. 

Caramel comes from the Spanish word "caramelo" which means "to caramelize" or "to cook" in Spanish.

Molasses is made from molasses, which is a type of sugar.
Fiber doesn't make you hungrier, it makes you more palatable. 

Fiber is not bad for dieting because it slows down digestion, it's bad for weight loss because it increases the amount of calories your body needs to burn.  
   

 
If you eat a lot of fiber, your body will be able to break down the fiber into smaller pieces and use them as energy.  This means that you will need to eat more calories to get the same amount of fiber.
I think it has to do with the fact that when we walk, our arms swing in opposite directions to balance out the weight of our weight on our legs. 

When you walk, your weight is distributed evenly across your body.  Your arms swing to balance the weight on your legs, which helps you keep your weight evenly distributed.  When you swing your arms back and forth, the weight is shifted to the other side of your body, which makes it easier for you to balance your weight.
Churches are not separate from the government.  They are part of the same entity as any other business or organization.  The government is allowed to tax them, but not the other way around.  

Churches do not get special treatment because they do not pay taxes.  If you are a member of a religious organization, you are required to pay taxes to the government, but you are not obligated to pay tax to the church.
Yes, it is legally binding. 

The First Amendment protects the right to free speech.  It protects you from libel, slander, libelous statements, slanderous conduct, and libelous conduct.  The First Amendment does not protect "off-the-record" statements.
Refrigeration is the process of lowering the temperature of a substance to a lower temperature than the ambient temperature. 

When you put something in the fridge, you're actually lowering its temperature by lowering the pressure in the container.  This causes the water in the food to evaporate, which causes it to go bad.
Because Disney owns the trademark. 

Disney owns the copyright to the character, not the artist.

If you want to draw a character, you have to be able to show that the character is a registered trademark.
Mahjong is a Chinese card game.  It is similar to Madiao, which is a card game played in China.

Mahjong was popularized by Joseph Park Babcock in the 1920s.  Babcock simplified the game to make it easier for Americans to take up, and his version of Mahjong became popular among Jewish men and women in the United States.
Cigarette lighters are designed to use 12 volt DC power, not 12V AC power.  

A 12V car plug is designed to be strong enough to withstand the heat produced by an electrical cigarette lighter.  It's not designed to handle the heat generated by a 12V cigarette lighter, it's designed for 12V DC power.
I think it's because it's easier to start a game when you're already playing it.  If you press the start button, the game will start.

Edit: I'm not sure if you're talking about the NES or the SNES.
It's not a tax, it's a mandate. 

The individual mandate is not a direct tax.  It's a penalty for not having health insurance.  If you don't have health insurance, you can't get a tax break.
Pore strips don't cause any damage to your skin, they're just a way for bacteria to get into your pores. 

Scars are caused by your body trying to remove dead skin cells from your skin.
A few feet can make a difference in signal strength even when the signal is coming from miles away.

Radio waves travel at different frequencies, and the distance between the transmitter and the receiver depends on a lot of things. 

First of all, the wavelength of the radio waves is very small.  If you're talking about radio waves that travel at a certain frequency, the distance from the transmitter to the receiver is about 1/10th of the distance.  This means that if you're looking at a radio signal from a mile away, it's going to travel 1/100th the distance to
They didn't. 

They were caught and chased.  They were caught because they were smart enough to know where they were going, and they were clever enough to get away with it.

There were a lot of bank robbers in the old west (1850-1870) who didn't know they were being chased, so they just walked out of the bank and didn't bother to hide.
Tor is a network of "onion routing" nodes.  It's basically a proxy for the public internet.  When you connect to the internet, you send a message to one of these nodes, and they relay it back to you.

When you get to the other end of the network, you connect back to the first one, and the second one.  The first one is the origin, the second is the destination, the third is the end point.  If you connect the two, you can't see where the other one is, but if you connect it to the second, you
Tongue rolling is the ability to roll the lateral edges of the tongue upwards into a tube.

It is a recessive trait that is passed down through the generations.
Beards do serve a purpose, but it's not a primary purpose. 

Beards serve a secondary purpose, which is to signal dominance.  It's a way for men to show that they are older, more mature, and therefore more capable of taking care of themselves.  This is why men with beards are more likely to be able to fight in hand-to-hand combat.
I'm not an expert on politics in Italy, but I'll try to give you an idea of what's going on.

The current government is led by Silvio Berlusconi, who is the leader of the centre-right Forza Italia party. He has been in power for a long time and has been accused of being a dictator. 

He has a lot of support from the right wing of the party, which is the main reason why he has been able to hold onto power for so long. He is also a big supporter of the European Union and the euro, which has
Non-profit ISPs are regulated by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC).  They are not allowed to discriminate based on the type of traffic they provide.

Net Neutrality is a concept that the FCC has tried to enforce, but it is not enforceable by the FCC.  The FCC has said that they will not allow non-profits to compete on net neutrality.
It depends on the security clearance.

If you're talking about Top Secret, you have to go through a background check, which includes a polygraph test, drug tests, psychological tests, background checks, polygraphs, interviews, and background checks. 

Top Secret clearance is for people who have been involved in classified activities, but have not been convicted of a crime.  They are not required to undergo any of those things, but they are required to be interviewed by someone with the authority to do so.
The kilogram is the unit of mass, and the newton is the basic unit of force. 

It's not that they are the same thing, it's just that they have different units of measure.

If you weigh 1 kilogram, you will have 1.81 newtons of force, but if you weigh 10kg, you'll have 1 newton of force per kilogram.
Judges are elected by the people who live in the county where they serve. 

Clerk and city manager are appointed by the city council.

The city manager is the chief executive of the city and is responsible for the day-to-day administration of city affairs.
Lightning causes a surge of electricity in the air, which causes a drop in voltage in the ground. This is what causes the power to flicker/completely go out.
Your body is made up of a bunch of different cells. Some of those cells are made of proteins, some of them are made out of fats, some are made from carbohydrates, and some are composed of fats and proteins. When you die, your body breaks down all of these different parts of your body into smaller and smaller pieces. This is called apoptosis. 

When your body is broken down, it breaks down the proteins that make up your body. These proteins are called trophic factors, and they are the things that keep your body functioning. When they are broken down they cause your body to
I'm not sure what you mean by "special characters you can and can't use for your password".  

I think it has to do with the fact that some websites require special characters to be used, and some don't.  For example, if you're trying to log in to a website that doesn't allow you to use the letters "e" or "f" in your password, you can't.

If you're using a site that does allow special characters, it's probably because they don't want you to be able to guess their password by guessing the letters.
It's called [mudding](_URL_0_).

Basically, when you wear jeans, you're wearing a thin layer of fabric, and when you step on it, it rubs against your skin. 

When you fall, you rub your skin against the denim, and the friction causes the jeans to rip.

If you don't wear jeans long enough to rip, the jeans will stay in place, and you won't see any signs of it.
It's not the gas that stops working, it's the lighter itself. 

Lighters are made of plastic, and when the plastic wears out, it stops working.
I think it has to do with the fact that redditors tend to be more opinionated and opinionated than the average person. 

The stereotypical redditor is the person who posts a lot of r/askreddit.  
 
_URL_0_
Metric is the standard in most of the world. 

The reason we still use imperial in aviation is because it's easier to use.

We use it because we're used to it, and it's more convenient.  It's also easier to keep track of.  If you want to know where you are in the world, you can look at a map, and if you're in the middle of the ocean, you don't need to worry about getting lost.
There are a lot of things that are "acquired" and some that are learned. 

For example, we are born with a taste for sweet and sour foods and we develop a preference for salty and bitter tastes at around 4 months.  When we start eating solid foods, our taste buds are still developing, so we don't have the same taste buds as we do when we are babies.

When we are older, we start to develop taste buds that are more sensitive to salty and sour tastes.  This is because we are exposed to salt and sour taste buds at a very early age.
It's not a lower extremity movement, it's a higher one.  

If you put a watch on your leg, you're using your leg as a reference point.  If you put it on your wrist, you are using your wrist as the reference point, and the watch is using your arm to track your steps.
Iron in your stomach is a byproduct of the digestion process.  It's the same reason you don't get sick when you eat a lot of food.  Your stomach is filled with bacteria and other stuff that your body doesn't want to digest.  If you eat enough iron, you'll get sick from it. 

If you eat too little iron, your body will not be able to digest it.
Cocaine can be used as an anesthetic. 

It's not a medical drug, it's a recreational drug.
Movies are filmed on 35mm film, which is the same size as a standard TV screen. 

The reason they are filmed in such a wide aspect ratio is because it's easier for the camera to focus on the top of the screen than it is for the bottom.
Buses are much bigger and heavier than cars and other light-duty passenger vehicles, so the force of the impact is spread out more evenly.  

Also, there is a lot of space between the seats, so if the bus were to roll over, the passengers would be trapped in the seats.
The Secret Service does not have to follow the orders of the Secret Service.  The Secret Service is a branch of the Department of Homeland Security.
The FBI is actively pursuing him.  They have a warrant for his arrest, but he is not wanted by the Swiss.  He has not been extradited to the US since 2005.
Sailing is all about using the wind to push the boat in the direction you want it to go. 

When you are sailing, the wind is pushing the boat forward, and the boat is pushing back in the opposite direction.

If you have a sail on a boat, the sail is acting as an airfoil.  The air is pushing against the boat's keel, which is the part of the boat that is the center of gravity.  When the wind pushes the keel forward, it pushes the water out of the way of the sail, which causes the boat to rise.
They don't smuggle money through customs, they smuggle it into the country where they are filming. 

It's not that they don't want to, it's that they want to make sure the money isn't counterfeit.
Choking someone causes them to constrict their airway, which causes the blood vessels in their neck to dilate and constrict, causing them to pass out. 

When you choke someone, you are restricting the blood flow to their brain, which is why they are unconscious.

If you don't constrict the airway enough, you can cause them to suffocate.
The film was shot on Kodalith high-contrast film, which is a very high contrast film.  

The film would be shot in black and white, and the film would then be printed on a large roll of film.

Editors would take the film, cut it up, and put it in an enlarger.  They would then print the film onto a large sheet of paper, which they would then use to make a print of the film.
Asian women tend to have smaller breasts than most American women I see
It's because the water has been sitting in a bottle for a long time. 

When you drink water, your taste buds are used to the taste of the water.  When it's been left in the bottle for awhile, it's not used to that taste, so it starts to taste funny.
He has a good sense of humour, he is a good interviewer, he has a great sense of style, he knows how to get the best out of people, and he is funny.
There was a time when alcohol was legal in the United States. 

In the 17th and 18th century, there was a movement called the Temperance movement, which was led by the Methodist Church.  The idea was that alcohol was bad for the health of the people, and that it was socially unacceptable to drink it.

The idea is that if you drink too much alcohol, you will get sick, and if you don't drink enough, you'll die.  It was a very popular idea at the time, and it's still very popular today.
The west is a very powerful country. They have a lot of money, they have lots of influence in the world, and they have a huge amount of influence over the world's politics. 

They are also very wealthy and powerful. They are also a lot more powerful than most of the other countries.

In the past, the west was the dominant power in the Muslim world. They were the most powerful country in the Middle East. They had the most money, the most influence, and the most power. They also had the best education and the best infrastructure.



They were also the
Weeds grow because they need a lot of water and nutrients to survive.

If you don't give them enough water, they will die off. If you give them too much, they won't survive.
They are a feminist protest band from Russia. They are known for protesting the government's persecution of a group of women for performing a song in a church. 

They were protesting against the persecution of women in the Russian Orthodox Church.  They were protesting the fact that they were being forced to perform a song during a church service, and were arrested for doing so.

One of the songs they performed was called "Let Other People In".  The song is about the oppression of women.  The lyrics are about how women are being oppressed by the state, and how they want to end it.
The cosmological principle is the idea that the universe is homogeneous and isotropic when viewed on a large enough scale, since the forces in the universe are expected to act uniformly throughout the universe and have no preferred direction, and should, therefore, produce no observable irregularities in the large scale structuring over the course of evolution of the universe.
MP3 files are made up of a series of "frames". 

An MP3 file is a collection of audio waves.  Each frame contains a number of bits that represent the beginning of an audio wave.  
 
When you listen to an MP3, you are listening to the audio wave as a sequence of binary numbers.  These numbers represent the frequency and amplitude of the sound wave, which are represented in binary.

The audio wave is divided into smaller bits, called "frames", which are used to represent the waveform of the audio signal.  When you play an MP
It's not just the type of food, it's the way the food is prepared. 

If you go to a Chinese restaurant, you're likely to get food poisoning because it's not prepared properly.  If you eat Chinese food at McDonald's, you'll probably get sick because they don't cook it properly.
The government doesn't need to test things before it decides on a rule. It doesn't have the authority to do so.

The government has the power to enforce a rule, but it doesn't necessarily have the right to test it before it makes it.
The soda can is sealed with a plastic membrane. When you tap on the top of the can, you're actually breaking the membrane, which allows the liquid to drain out.

If you're not sure what you're doing, you can look at this picture:

_URL_0_
Australia has a lower tax rate than the US. 

The US has a higher tax rate.

Australia has lower tax rates than the UK.
You can turn cash into bitcoins by mining. 

You need a computer that is capable of doing the hard work of finding and verifying every single transaction.  You need to find the hash of every single block in the blockchain, which is a ledger of all the transactions that have been made in the last 24 hours.

When you find a block, you get rewarded for finding it.  The reward for finding the block is the amount of bitcoins that are now in circulation.  If you find enough blocks, you can buy more bitcoins.
Adblockers aren't made so they load the ad but just don't show it.  They're made so you can't load it.
The front brake is more effective because it has more friction. 

The rear brake has less friction, so it doesn't apply as much force.
Sheep are a symbol of innocence, and goats are symbol of the devil.
I think it's because they're made of different materials. 

Some stickers are made of polyacrylates and some are made out of vinyl carbamates.

Polyacrylate is a very strong adhesive, but it's not as strong as vinyl.
I think it has to do with the fact that a 2.8 GPA is considered to be a low mark.

A 2.80 GPA is a good mark, but it's not a good enough to get into the top 10% of the class. 

If you have a 3.0 GPA, you're in the top 20% of your class, but you're not going to make it into the Top 10%.

Also, if you have an average GPA of 3.5, you'll be in the Top 20% in your class.
When you're under hypnosis, your brain shuts down. It shuts down all of your senses except for your eyes and ears. You're not aware that you're being hypnotized.

When you wake up, you're in a state of deep relaxation and altered consciousness. 

It's like being in a trance. You don't know what you're doing, but you're aware of what's going on around you.
I think it has to do with the fact that they don't want to have to keep updating the software every time they release a new version of it.

If they keep adding new features, they will eventually run into problems with the old version of the software, so they want to remove them.
Penguins have long tracheae, which allow them to hold their breath longer, and take deeper breaths than mammals do to make allowances for their greater dead space volumes.
The US is one of the richest nations in the world, yet we owe $17 trillion in debt.

We owe a lot of money to other countries because we don't have the means to pay it back. 

The US government is the largest holder of debt, but it's not the only one. State and local governments owe money, as well as the federal government. 


The Federal Reserve is the biggest holder of government debt, with $4.5 trillion in total debt.  The Federal Reserve also owns a huge number of bonds, which are used to buy and sell government bonds
The area between the Mediterranean Sea and the Jordan River is called the "Holy Land" because it is considered to be the location of the Holy Sepulchre, the seat of Islam's first Qiblah (direction of prayer). It is also known as the "Land of Israel" or "Palestine".
Because it's not required by law.

The Food and Drug Administration proposed several simultaneous improvements to nutrition labels for the first time in over 20 years. 

But they didn't pass it.
Yawning causes the muscles in your jaw to contract, which causes vibrations to travel through your inner ear to travel to your brain. 

When you yawn, the muscles contract, the vibrations travel through the tympanic membrane, which is the membrane that connects your ear to the inner ear.

Your inner ear is very sensitive to vibrations, so when you yawning, your muscles contract and cause vibrations to go through your ear.
It's not that they're strong, it's that they are made up of a lot of small molecules. 

Acids and bases are made of molecules that have a long chain of Covalent bonds, which means that they have a strong tendency to form bonds with each other.

The reason they are so strong is because they're made of such small molecules that they can't break the bonds that hold them together.
Alarm clocks use an oscillator.  It's basically a radio transmitter.  When you plug it in, it sends out a signal to a receiver, which receives it.  The receiver listens for the signal, and when it sees the signal from the master, it triggers its own transmitter.

When it hears the transmitter, it tells the computer that it's time to set the alarm clock.
Jade Helm is the name of the band that is responsible for the cell phone jamming. 

The band is called Jade Helm.  They are a band that plays a variety of different types of music.  One of their songs is called "Highway to Hell" which is a cover of a song by AC/DC.  The band is known for their use of the word "highway" in their lyrics.  It is a reference to the highway.  This is why they use the word highway in their songs.

This is the song that caused the interruption.
It's a cultural thing. 

When you eat with both your elbows on the table, you're trying to balance your weight on your left hand, which is the opposite of how most people eat with their right hand.

It's also a way for you to hold your food in your right hand, so you don't have to hold it with your left.
I think it's a combination of things.

1. The ability to draw. 

2. The fact that you have a good eye for detail. 


3. A good sense of perspective.
When you're throwing up, your body is trying to get rid of whatever is in your stomach. It's called emesis, and it's a reflex. 

When you eat, your stomach has to expel the contents of the food that's in it, and when you vomit, it's trying to do so by pushing the contents out of your mouth.

Your body is also trying to expel whatever it's eating, so it's pushing the food out through your mouth, which is why it's called vomiting.
I think it has to do with cultural factors. 

For example, in New York City, there are a lot of immigrants from the south and the west, so they speak a different dialect.

In Chicago, people from the north and the south tend to speak the same dialect, but there are many different ethnic groups in the city, so it's hard to tell the difference between them.
Premium gas has a higher octane rating than regular gas.  The higher the rating, the higher the octane value of the fuel.  This means that it's more likely to blow up in your car if you're not careful.

The higher the grade, the more likely it will blow up.  If you're driving a car with a V6 engine, you'll notice that the engine will be able to run at higher RPMs.  Higher RPMs mean that the fuel will burn more efficiently, which means that your engine will run better.  

If you're running a V
Turkey is a NATO member and a member of the European Union.  The US is also a NATO ally.

Turkey has a long history of supporting the Kurds, who are an important part of the country's economy.  Turkey is also an important member of NATO, which means that it has a lot of influence in the region.  

In the past, the US supported Turkey in the Cold War.  It was the only country in the world that was able to defeat the Soviet Union, and it was the one country that had the most influence on the Kurds.  After the collapse of the
It's a colloquialism.

"Plethora" means "plenty" or "pile" in English. 

It's used to refer to a lot of things, but it's also used to describe things that are different from each other.
Hyperfine structure is a type of hyperfine lattice.

Hyperfine lattices are lattice structures that are made up of a lattice lattice of the same size as the lattice itself. 

The lattice is made of a series of lattice elements that are connected to each other in a way that allows them to be connected in such a way as to allow them to have the same number of lattices, but not all of them are connected. 


For example, let's say you want to make a hyperfine structure that is made out of a hypercube.
When you're tired, your heart rate slows down, and your blood pressure drops. This causes your heart to pump less blood to your muscles, which causes you to feel cold.
It's a combination of two things.

1. Pumped energy storage. 

Pumped energy storage is when you pump water from a reservoir into a turbine and use it to generate electricity.  When the water is pumped out of the reservoir, it is released back into the system.  This is called "peaking" energy storage, and it is used to balance out the demand and supply of electricity.
It's not actually bad to leave electronic devices on charge while on and/or overnight. 

It's just that when you do this, you're putting a lot of stress on the battery, which can lead to a fire.
It's not that our imaginations die when we grow up, it's that we grow out of them. 

When you're a child, your brain is still developing. It's just that it takes a lot of time for it to catch up with the rest of your brain.
I think it's because of the size of the circuit. 

A 7W light bulb has a cathode and a cold-cathode.  A 1500W heater has a cold cathode, and a 1500W heater has a hot cathode.
Batteries are designed to last a long time. 

When you put a battery in your phone, you're using it to store energy.  When you take it out of the box, it's being used to recharge the battery.
It's been a long time since Russia annexed Crimea. 

Ukraine was a part of the USSR until the fall of the Soviet Union in 1991.  Ukraine has been part of Ukraine since the end of World War I.  In the early 1990s, there was a coup d'état in Ukraine which led to the overthrow of the pro-Ukrainian president Viktor Yanukovych.  He was replaced by a pro-Russian leader, Viktor Yanukovych, who was elected president of Ukraine.  The pro-Russia leader, Petro Poroshenko, was elected as the new President of Ukraine, and he promised to
I think it has to do with the fact that athletes spit out their drinks before they swallow them. 

When you swallow a drink, the liquid is already in your throat, and you're trying to get it out of your throat.  When you spit out the drink, you're pushing the liquid out of the way, so that it doesn't get stuck.
Our immune system recognizes foreign bodies because they have antigens on their surface. Antigens are proteins that our body recognizes as foreign. 

Antigens can be found on the surface of a lot of different things.  For example, if you have a virus on your skin, it's called a leukocyte antigen.  It's a protein that your body's immune system recognises as a foreign body.  If it's on the outside of your body, your immune system will recognize it as a non-self.

When you get sick, your body produces antibodies, which are
Light travels at the speed of light.

When you see a torch from hundreds of meters away, the light from the torch is traveling at the rate of light passing through the air. 

If you look at the torch from 20m away, you can see the light coming from the light source at the same speed as the torch itself, but you can't see it because it's traveling at a different speed.
It's not that they want to erase your internet presence, it's that they don't want you to be able to access the internet. 

If you're not using the internet any more, then they can't find you.
Australia has decriminalized the use of all drugs. 

This means that it is no longer a crime to use drugs, but it is still illegal to use them for recreational purposes.
When you are embarrassed, you cover your face because you are trying to hide your emotions. 

It's a survival mechanism.  You don't want to be seen as weak, so you hide your face.
1 = 0

2 = 1

3 = 2

4 = 3

5 = 4

6 = 5

7 = 5
It depends on the type of food you're talking about. 

Some foods freeze better than others because they have a longer shelf life.

For example, if you freeze a piece of bread, it will stay good for a few days, but then it will start to rot.  This is because the bread has a lot of water in it, and when it freezes, the water evaporates.  When the bread thaws, the moisture in the bread evaporates, and the water is replaced with ice crystals.  These ice crystals will stay around for a long time, but once the food th
The first lady is important to the American people because she is a symbol of the institution of the presidency. 

She is the first woman to hold the office of president, and she is the one who has the most influence on the people.

The role of the first lady has been held by women since the founding of the United States, but it was not until the late 20th century and early 21st century that vice-presidential wives took on public roles that attracted significant media attention. The role of first lady was traditionally filled by another member of the president's family if the president was unmarried or
We are not the only species to have them, but we are one of the only ones that have them. 

There are other species that do have them but they are not as common as we are.
They don't want you to see it. It's classified information.
Beethoven was deaf, but he was very talented. He was a great pianist and composer, and he was also a great teacher.
Saliva is an extracellular fluid produced and secreted by salivary glands in the mouth. Saliva contains a lot of proteins, enzymes, and other molecules that are used to digest food. It also has a lubricating function, wetting food and preventing it from sticking to your teeth.

When you eat, your saliva contains enzymes that help your body break down food. These enzymes also play a role in breaking down food particles entrapped within dental crevices, thus protecting teeth from bacterial decay.
It's not that winters are colder every year, it's just that the average temperature has been increasing. 

The average temperature in the US has been rising for the past few decades, but it's been increasing due to human activity.  The average temperature of the world has been going up for a long time, but the average temperatures of the US have been increasing for the last few years.  This is due to the amount of greenhouse gases that are being released into the atmosphere by humans.  These gases act like a blanket that keeps the earth from getting too hot.  When the earth gets too hot
We can capture light, but we can't make it go faster than the speed of light. 

We can make light go faster, but not as fast as light.
I think it has to do with the fact that when you get paid, you have a lot of control over what you do with your money. You can choose to spend it on whatever you want, but you can also choose to invest it in things that you don't want to spend. 

When you get your salary, you can choose not to spend your money on things that don't make you happy.  For example, if you want to buy a house, you might choose to wait until you have enough money to pay for it, but if you have no money to buy it, you may choose
Zen is a new microarchitecture from AMD. It is based on the Bulldozer architecture, which is the same as the x86 architecture used by Intel. 

Zen has more cores, which means more processing power, but it also means more cache and memory latencies. This means more power consumption.

The difference is that Zen has a higher clock speed, meaning that it has more processing cores, but also more cache, meaning more memory and more latency. This is good for multi-threaded applications, but bad for games.
It's a different question.

"Are you Hispanic" is a question about who you are, not what your ethnicity is.
Game servers are basically a bunch of computers that are connected to the internet. 

A server is a computer that is connected to a network.  It connects to other computers on the network and connects them to the game server.

The server connects to a game client.  The game client connects to the server, and the server connects back to the client.
I think it's because Redditors feel obligated to tell everyone when they make a minor edit to a post?
It would be cheaper to have miniatures of everything, but when NASA launch probes, it launches huge rockets and the probes are huge.
Vape vs Cigarettes are two different things. 

Vape is a form of smoking.  Cigarettes burn tobacco.  Vape does not.

E-cigarettes, on the other hand, do not.  They do not burn tobacco, and they do not produce the same amount of carbon monoxide or tar as cigarettes do.  E-cigarettes also do not have the same effect on your lungs as cigarettes.  When you inhale the e-cigarette vapor, you are inhaling formaldehyde, which is a carcinogen.  The amount of formaldehyde in e-cigarettes is
Facial hair is a product of testosterone, which is produced by the male sex. 

Men have more testosterone than women, so they have more facial hair.

Women do not have as much testosterone, so their facial hair is not as thick.
The Holodomor is an allegory for the end of the world as we know it.  It's a story about a group of people who are trying to survive in a world where there is no food, no water, no shelter, and no food at all.  They are called the "Holodomorians" and they are the ones responsible for the holocaust.  

In the story, they are a race of humans who live on a planet called "Eden".  They have been living there for thousands of years, and have been able to survive on the planet because they
Your hair is made of keratin. Keratin is a type of protein that is very strong and has a lot of water resistance. When it rains, the water evaporates from the keratin, which causes the hair to curl up.
Bundy is a member of the Black Lives Matter movement. BLM is a group of black people who are protesting against the federal government's use of violence against black people in the US. They have been protesting for over a decade, and Bundy is one of the most vocal members of the BLM movement.
They don't work. 

They work by blocking the receptors on the skin that transmit the chemical that makes you feel the need to be repelled.
When it's sunny, the light from the sun hits your pupils and causes them to dilate. This causes the light to bounce off of the back of your eyelids and into your eyes, causing them to get smaller.
They're not sold. 

They're sold to people who want to buy a used car.  They're used because they don't have the money to pay for a new car.
CPU clockage is a measure of how fast the CPU is able to do certain things. 

For example, if you want to run a game at 60 FPS, you need a CPU that can do 60 frames per second (fps) at 4.5GHz.

If you have a CPU running at 4GHz, it can do 40 FPS, but if you have an overclocked CPU, it will do 60 FPS. 

 >  How does overclocking affect gaming?

When you overclock a CPU, you are increasing the clock speed of the bus, which is the part of the
When you're drunk, your brain is trying to process a lot of information at once, and it's not always clear what it's processing. 

For example, if you're in a situation where you're being chased by a bear, you're trying to decide whether you should run away or fight it. Your brain is telling you to run away, but you don't want to, so you decide to fight it instead.

If you're at a party and you're drinking too much, it's telling you that you should stay in your room and not go out, but your brain doesn't
Fighter jets fly in formation for two reasons. 

1. They are faster.  They can fly higher, which means they can fly farther away from each other.  This means they have more time to maneuver.

2. They have more fuel to burn.  If they fly in a formation, they can burn more fuel.  The more fuel they burn, the longer they can stay in formation.
Heavy doors are made of a material that is strong enough to withstand the force of the door slamming against the door frame. 

They are designed to be heavy enough that they don't just slam against the frame, but they also have a mechanism that allows the door to slide in and out of the frame.

The mechanism is called a [spagnolette bolt](_URL_0_).

It is a piece of metal that is attached to the door, and is designed to slide into the frame when the door is open.  It is designed so that the door can't be opened
The first sibling has the highest IQ of all its siblings. 

It's not a genetic trait, it's a social trait.

If you have a sibling who is less intelligent than you, you are less likely to be successful in school, and if you have siblings who are less intelligent, you will be less successful at school.
Jet engines use a spinning compressor and turbine to generate thrust. 

Basically, the engine has two main parts: the compressor and the turbine.

The compressor pushes air out of the exhaust.  The turbine spins the spinner, which spins the blades of the engine.  When the blades spin, they push air into the exhaust, which causes the exhaust to expand.  This expands the exhaust manifold, which pushes more air out, which increases the speed of the jet engine.
It's called the photic sneeze reflex. It's caused by a nerve in your nose being stimulated by a bright light. 

Your nose has a bunch of glands in it called "conchae".  These glands contain a lot of mucous, and when they are stimulated, they release a chemical that causes a reaction in your brain.  This reaction causes your brain to send a signal to your muscles, which causes your muscles to contract.  The muscles contract, and the pressure is released.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm going to try to explain it as best I can.

When you're in a state of disorientation, your brain is trying to figure out what is going on around you. It's like when you're trying to make sense of the world around you, but you can't understand what's going on because you're not paying attention to what's happening around you and your brain doesn't know what to do with itself. 

It's like being in a dream, but your brain can't remember what you were doing before you woke
The bird swallows it whole, and the victim dies. The bird regurgitates pellets of indigestible material such as fur, bones and the chitinous remains of insects.
It depends on the country. 

If you're talking about developing countries, there are a lot of different things that go into it.

For example, if you look at China, they have a huge amount of natural resources and cheap labor. They can produce a lot more things than you can in the US, and they can sell them at a lower price.  This means that they are able to produce more goods and sell them for lower prices.
There is no center of the universe. The universe started from a point smaller than an atom. 

If you look at the universe from the perspective of an atom, you can see that it is expanding, but you can't see the center.
Teachers aren't legally allowed to take your phones. 

Teachers are allowed to use their phones for personal use, but not for teaching purposes.
The recycle bin is a temporary storage for files that have been deleted in a file manager by the user, but not yet permanently erased from the file system.

When you empty the recycle bin, the files are moved out of the trash and back into the trash.
No. 

There are animals in the ocean that are efficient in water as we are on land, but they're not as efficient as we think they are.

If we were as efficient on land we would be able to survive in the water, but we would not be as efficient in it as we do on land.
I think it's because women are encouraged to abstain from sex or use alternative methods of contraception when they miss 7 in a row (period week)?
First Nations/aboriginal land claims are based on the concept of "original Indian title", which basically means that you have a claim to a piece of land because you have lived there for a long time. 

For example, in the US, the federal government has exclusive jurisdiction over Native American land, and they can't sell it to anyone else without the consent of the Native American tribe.

In Canada, this is not so much true. The federal government can sell land to anyone, but they have to get the permission of the First Nations to do so.
The remote uses radio waves to send a signal to the receiver. The receiver then detects the light signal via a photodiode and it is transformed into an electrical signal for the remote to respond to.

The receiver uses an infrared sensor to detect the signal and converts it into a binary code that the remote can read.
Hooters was sued for discriminating against women because they were too big for the job. 

The Supreme Court ruled that it is illegal to discriminate against women based on their size.
We don't have a medicine that works. 

We do have a vaccine.  It's called the chicken pox vaccine, but it doesn't work very well.

There's also the fact that it's very difficult to vaccinate against.  There are so many different strains of the cold virus that we don't really know how to develop a vaccine that would work.  We don't even know if there's a cure for the common cold.
The US has a lot of interests in the Middle East, and Israel is one of them. 

Israel is the only country in the region with a large Jewish population, and it is a major military power.

The US is also a major trading partner with Israel, and the US is Israel's largest trading partner, accounting for 22.4 percent of Israel's $43.14 billion in exports annually (2005). The U.S. also provides Israel with $2.7 billion in aid (after adjusting for inflation).
The West doesn't want to get involved in a proxy war with Russia.  They don't want their allies to think that they are supporting the rebels.  It would be like saying that the US is supporting ISIS in Syria.
Bricks are made out of clay.  They are made from a mixture of sand, lime, and other materials.  The bricks are laid in courses, and the mortar is laid in a pattern.  

Mortar is made of Portland cement, lime and sand.  When you pour it on the bricks, it compacts the clay and forms a bond between them.  This bond is called a "perpend".  The perpends are the bricks that are laid down in courses.

Brickwork Bonding A nearly universal rule in brickwork is that perpend should not be contiguous across the courses.  Instead, they should be laid in one or another
When you're looking in the mirror, your eyes are telling your brain that you are looking at yourself. When you're on camera, your brain is telling your eyes that you look like someone else.
Fruit and vegetables are a niche product.  They're not sold to the general public, they're sold to people who buy them for their own personal use.  If you're buying them from a grocery store, you're not buying them directly from the farmer.  You're buying it from a store that sells them to you.
Some addictions are more noticeable than others. 

For example, if you have a bad habit of checking your email while you're at work, it will be harder for you to tell if you are an addict.

If you have an addiction to social media, it is easier to notice if you spend a lot of time on it, but if you don't, it won't be noticeable.
It depends on the country.  

In the US, if you die in a foreign country and you don't have any ID, you can be identified by your passport.  If you have a passport, it can be used to prove your identity.
Fusion reactors contain a lot of fuel, but they are designed to operate at a very low temperature. 

Fusion is a process where the atoms collide with each other, creating a plasma.  This plasma is so hot that it can't be cooled down, so the reactor has to keep the plasma at a constant temperature.

If the plasma gets too hot, it will start to boil, and the reactor shuts down.  If it shuts down, the fusion reactions will stop, and it will take a while for the plasma to cool down.
Steroids don't actually enlarge the head. 

They increase the size of the skull, but they don't change the shape of the head at all.
Your internet speed says 185 mbps on speedtest, but youtube videos still lag and take a long time to load.

The reason is because youtube uses progressive download and RTSP. 

When you watch a video, you are downloading the video at a certain bitrate.  This means that the video has to be encoded at the same bitrate as your internet connection.  If you have a slower connection, the video will take longer to load, because the video is being encoded at a lower bitrate than your connection can handle.
It's called "knismesis" and it's a defense mechanism. 

When you touch your own skin, your nerves are telling your brain that you're not ticklish, so you don't feel it.

If you were ticklish to your own touch, you wouldn't be able to tickle yourself.
They don't. 

They are viewed as companies which have a bright future in front of them.

The problem is that they are not profitable.  They are losing money, but they are making a lot of money.
It's called lucid dreaming.  It's a state of consciousness in which you're not conscious, but you're aware of what's going on in your mind.  You're aware that you're in a dream, and you're able to control what's happening in the dream.  

You can train yourself to do this.  The first step is to recognize when you're dreaming and recognize that you are in a lucid state.  This is the first step.

The second step is that you have to be conscious enough to recognize that your dream is a dream and not a conscious state.
I think it has to do with the first 10-15 minutes of the workout being the most difficult.  You're not used to doing something that requires a lot of effort, so you're used to it being easy.  When you get to the end of the first 15 minutes, you start to feel like you can't do it anymore, and you want to take a break.
Sound travels at a certain speed.

When you're hearing a sound, it's traveling at the same speed as the air around you, but your head is moving at a different speed than the air in front of you. This causes the sound to appear distant because the air is moving away from you.
Our brains have evolved to be able to do a lot of things that non-human brains are not capable of. 

Language, for example, is one of the things that we are most capable of doing.  We have the ability to think, reason, and communicate in a way that other animals can't.

We also have the capacity to think and reason in ways that other species are not able to.
It depends on what you mean by "cost of living".

If you're talking about the cost of living in a city or country, it depends on a lot of different things.

For example, if you live in New York City, and you want to buy a house, you have to pay taxes. 

You also need to pay for things like rent, utilities, food, transportation, and healthcare. 


You can also look at things like housing prices.  For example, let's say I live in a small town in the middle of nowhere and I want to rent a
The person that uploaded the file and shared it gets fined, the person that downloaded the file gets fined.
Depression is caused by a chemical called BDNF, which is produced in the brain by the hypothalamus. When you exercise, your body releases this chemical, and it makes you feel better. 

Depression can be treated with a variety of medications, but the most effective ones are antidepressants, which have a long-term effect on the brain.

Exercise, on the other hand, has a shorter-lasting effect, and is not as effective as antidepressants.
Mortgages are loans that you take out with a down payment.  You put down 20% of the purchase price of the house, and the lender will give you back the rest of the money when the house is sold.  If the home is worth more than the down payment, they'll give you a percentage of the value of the home when you sell it.

If the house isn't worth as much as the downpayment, they will loan you more money to buy it.
Lightning is sporadic, so it takes a long time for the energy to reach the ground. 

We can harvest the energy from the ground, but we can't do it quickly enough to make it useful.
Swatting is when someone calls 911 and says they have a hostage situation at their house. 

It's usually a prank call, but it can be anything from a bomb threat, to a mental health emergency, to an actual hostage situation.

In the case of swatting, the person who makes the call is pretending to be a police officer, and they get a SWAT team to show up at the wrong address.
I'm not sure what you're talking about. 

Laptops and cameras are sold for a lot of different reasons.

1. They are often refurbished, refurbished or refurbished.  
2. They have a warranty.  If you buy a used laptop for $100, you are buying it with the expectation that it will be refurbished and will be worth a lot more than it actually is.
3. They sell them for less than they are worth.  You are buying them with the assumption that they will be sold for less then they actually are.
4
You have a sense of smell because your nose has a bunch of tiny little cilia that are attached to the walls of your nose. When you smell something, the cilia are connected to your brain, and the brain interprets them as information. 

When you smell food, you're actually smelling the smell of the food itself, not the food you're eating.

If you have a bad case of food poisoning, you can't smell the food, but you can smell the chemicals that make up the food.
I think it's because of the way the ink is mixed with the leaves of Senna siamea or Brugmansia suaveolens.
It's not that people don't read them, it's that they're written in such a way that makes it impossible for them to read them. 

If you have a contract with a company, you have to read it.  If you don't, you can't sue them.
It's called a contrail. Water vapor (H2O), and contrails are caused by the exhaust of the engines. 

When the engines are running, they burn a lot of fuel, and the exhaust is full of water vapor. The water vapor is supercooled, and when it cools down, it condenses into tiny droplets and/or ice crystals, which form contrails.

Some planes leave long jet trails that linger for hours and some don't.
I think it has to do with the fact that it's more of a show of affection than a greeting. 

In the US, we kiss on the cheek as a way to show that we are happy to see each other, but in other cultures it's seen as a sign of affection.
We don't need to filter the salt out, we just need to get it out of the ground water. 

The problem is that we don't have the technology to do it.

Desalination is expensive and takes a lot of energy, and it takes a long time to build.  We don't want to spend money on it when we can get it from the ocean.
Depth of field is the distance between the nearest and the farthest objects that are in acceptably sharp focus in an image. 

For example, if you take a picture of a black horse, and you put it on a table, you will get a depth of field of about 1/100th of a meter.

If you take an image of a white horse, you'll get the same effect, but the horse will be further away than the white horse.
Because child support is not a crime.

Student loans are a crime, and they are treated the same as any other debt.
I'm not sure what you're talking about. 

There are a lot of subreddits on r/daterape and /r/Daterape2 that have been banned for hate speech, but they're still there.  They're not banned because they're not being removed by mods, they're being taken down because the mods don't want to take down the subreddit.
It's not that the temperature fluctuates in winter, it's that the air is colder than it is in the summer. 

In the winter, the air has a lot of water in it, so it's colder than the air in the spring.
Ducts are made of air molecules moving at different speeds. 

The smaller the diameter, the more air molecules are moving at the same speed.

If you have a smaller diameter air duct, the faster the air is moving, the harder it is for the air molecules to stick to each other.  This causes more drag.
Fizzy drinks are full of sugar, which is why they don't quench your thirst as well. 

Water is full of minerals and electrolytes that your body needs to keep you hydrated. Soda and fruit juices have sugar in them that makes you thirsty.
It's not really necessary, but it's a way to get people to go to the pharmacy and ask for the drug. 

It's also a way for the pharma company to get the word out there that they are selling a drug, so that they can sell it to more people.

If you don't go to a pharmacy, you're not going to be able to compare the price of the drug to other drugs.
I think it's because it's easier to say "son" than "daughter" in a generic sense.
They don't choose "random" numbers, they choose "pseudo-random" ones. 

They use a device called a [random number generator](_URL_0_).

A random number generator is a device capable of producing a sequence of numbers which cannot be "easily" identified with deterministic properties.

For example, if you have a piece of paper with a number written on it, and you want to know how many times it's been written, you can use a computer to generate a random number.
When you burp, you're exhaling a lot of air, which causes the mucous membranes lining your nose to constrict. 

When you drink soda or beer, you are exhaling CO2, which is a gas, and when you exhale it, it causes your nasal passages to expand, causing a slight "burn" sensation.
Wells are not cheap. They require a lot of energy to dig and pump, and they require a huge amount of money to maintain them. 

If you want to dig a well in Africa, you have to pay for it yourself, which means you need to pay people to do it for you.
Gout is caused by uric acid in the blood. 

It's caused by a protein in your blood called uricase, which breaks down uric acids in your body.  When it does this, it builds up in your joints, causing them to become swollen and painful.

The best way to avoid gout is to eat a healthy diet.
They are not. 

Karma is a law of nature.  It is the result of your actions.  If you do something bad, you will pay the consequences of that bad action in the form of karma.

If you don't do bad things, you won't get karma.
It's a cultural thing. In America, pickup trucks are a symbol of ruggedness and ruggedness. In other countries, they are utilitarian utility vehicles. 

In the US, there are a lot of people who work in the trucking industry, so they are used to the look and feel of the truck.
It's not that they don't want you, it's that they want to make sure that you are the right person for the job. 

If you're not the right fit for the role, they may not want to hire you.
We could, but it would have to live in a controlled environment and reproduce in that environment for a long time before it would be able to produce enough offspring to become a new species.
You could breed Clorox resistant bacteria, but that would be a waste of time and money.

Bacteria are very hard to breed, and it would take a lot of work to breed them.
The American flag is a symbol of our freedom. It stands for the fact that we are a free people who have fought and died for our freedoms. 

It is also a symbol that we have a strong sense of pride in who we are and what we stand for.
We don't know. 

We know that we know that the result is correct, but we don't really know how we know it is correct.

There are a lot of things we can do to verify the accuracy of a computer's calculations, but the most important thing is that we can check that the computer is doing the calculations correctly.  For example, we can run a program on a computer and check that it's doing what it's supposed to do, and if it's not doing it correctly then we can ask the computer to run the program again and again, and it will check that
I think it has to do with your circadian rhythm. Your body has a set time when it needs to go to sleep and when it wants to wake up. During the day, your body is producing melatonin, which is a hormone that regulates your body's sleep cycle. When the sun goes down at night, your brain shuts down and your body produces melatonin.
I think it has to do with the fact that your body is trying to conserve energy after sex. Your body has a lot of chemicals in it that make you sleepy.
The vegetable crisper drawer is a device that keeps vegetables at a certain temperature. 

When you open the drawer, you can see that the vegetable is at room temperature.

If you open it, you will see that there is a small amount of space between the vegetable and the fridge, which allows the vegetable to cool down.  This allows the vegetables to be stored at a lower temperature than the fridge is designed for.
Jang Song Thaek was the uncle of Kim Jong-un, the current leader of North Korea. He was a member of the Politburo, the top decision making body of the ruling party. 

He was accused of corruption, corruption, and subversion.  He was also accused of trying to interfere with the succession of the Kim dynasty.

The reason he was purged was because he was seen as a threat to the regime.  The Kim dynasty is based on the belief that the leader of the country is the one who is in charge of the party, not the other way
Gold is made up of a lot of different elements. 

The most common ones are:

* Silver
* Gold
* Zinc
* Lead
* Antimony
* Rhodium
* Tin
* Oxygen
* Uranium

Gold is a heavy metal, but it's not toxic.

Silver is toxic, but not as toxic as other metals.
* Copper
* Iron
* Rubidium
* Potassium
* Hydrogen
* Carbon
* Nitrogen

These are just a few of the elements that make up gold, and they
Drones have been around for a long time. 

It's just that they're not as easy to build as they used to be.

Drones are a lot more complicated than they were 10 years ago.  They have to be built from scratch, they have to have a huge array of sensors, they need to be able to communicate with each other, and they need a lot of processing power to keep them running.  All of these things have been available for a very long time, but it's only recently that they've become cheap enough that they can be mass produced.
The semi-truck is not carrying combustible liquid, it is carrying a container of compressed natural gas. 

Lightning strikes the container of gas and causes it to ignite.

The gas will ignite, and the truck will catch fire.
Spicy foods contain capsaicin. Capsaicin is a chemical that activates the trigeminal nerve receptors in your mouth and throat, which are used to detect thermal heat. When you eat spicy food, it activates these receptors, causing them to fire.
The gas pumps in cars are usually in the back because they are furthest from the car's engine.  

The reason for this is because it is easier for people to see the gas pump from the front of the car than from the back.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'll give it a shot. 

The UK is a member of the European Union, which is a group of countries that share a common currency, the Euro.  The Euro is the currency that the UK uses to trade with the rest of the world.  It's not a perfect currency, but it's a good one, and it allows the UK to export goods and services to other EU countries.  In exchange, the EU gives the UK access to the EU's single market, and the UK has to agree to join the EU.
Evaporation is a chemical reaction between water molecules and air. 

When water is at 212F or 100C, it is moving in the proper direction, and has sufficient kinetic energy to overcome liquid-phase intermolecular forces.

At 212F, the water molecules are still in liquid phase, but they are moving in such a way that they can't overcome the liquid phase forces.
Obama's term is considered as unsuccessful because he didn't do enough to change the direction of the country.

He did a lot of good things, but he also did some bad things.
I think it has something to do with the fact that cold water is more hydrating than hot water. When you drink it, your body has to work harder to get rid of the water. 

When you drink hot water, it's easier for your body to remove the water from your blood, which is why it's better to drink it at room temperature.
We don't know. 

We know that there is a lot of life out there, but we don't really know where it came from.

There are a few theories about how it came to be, but none of them are 100% correct. 


1. There is a theory that life originated in the early universe and spread to other planets.  This is known as panspermia, and it's based on the idea that the universe is a collection of dust grains, and that the dust grains are the seeds of life.
2. The dust grains may have formed in the
They don't need any outside intervention.  They have a huge army, they have a lot of money, and they are well organized.  

_URL_0_
Carbon-based cars are made of a material that has a high amount of resistance to friction, which means that they have a higher moment of inertia. This means that when you accelerate, the car will accelerate faster because the car has less resistance to the friction. 

Carbon based cars are also lighter than carbon based cars, so they have less friction to work with.
It means that the value of the currency has dropped. 

The value of a currency is determined by the supply and demand for it.  If the demand for the currency is higher than the supply, then the value will drop.

If the supply is lower than the demand, then it will rise.
Newton's first law of motion states that if you are moving at the speed of light, you will continue to move forward with that direction and speed.

Seat belts, airbags, and crumple zones are designed to reduce the average force of the impact on the outside of the passenger(s)'s body by increasing the time over which this force is imparted to the inside of the car.
I think it has to do with cultural norms. 

In some cultures, smiling is seen as a sign of friendliness, in other cultures it's seen as an expression of fear.
The mouse loves cheese. 

It comes from the story of the gingerbread boy who was chased by a fox.  The fox was a mouse, and the mouse was a gingerbread man.  It's just a joke.

_URL_0_
The shell is made of calcium carbonate, and the seed is made up of calcium peridioles.

A bird can separate the shell from the seed by using their bill. 

_URL_0_

[Here's a video of a bird doing it.](_URL_1_)
Fire is hot enough to break the bonds between molecules. 

When you burn a piece of wood, the oxygen in the wood is oxidized to form carbon dioxide and water.  This is called carbonization.  When the oxygen is converted to water, it turns into steam.  The steam turns the wood into ash, which is then burned into charcoal.
Situationist International is a group of people who were involved in the construction of situations.  They were concerned with the situation of the world, and the situation itself.

They were interested in creating a situation where the world was a place where people could be free to live their lives as they see fit, without the need for the state to intervene.  This was a very important concept to them, and they were very concerned with creating a world where people were free to do whatever they wanted.  It was a concept that was very important to them.  

In short, they wanted to create
The US spends more money than any other developed country on education.  It's just not enough to keep up with other developed countries.
I'm not sure what you're talking about. 

Marijuana is still illegal in the US, but it has been decriminalized in a number of states, including California, New York, New Jersey, and New York City.
It's not the same. 

When you cook a recipe at a higher temperature for a shorter amount of time, you're increasing the temperature of the food, but you're also increasing the time it takes for the food to reach the desired temperature.

If you're cooking something at a lower temperature, you are increasing the amount of heat that the food has to absorb, which means that it takes longer for it to cook.
Accounting started in ancient Mesopotamia. 

Accounting is a way of keeping track of how much money you have and how much you have spent.  It's a way to keep track of your income, expenses, and taxes.
They time it to this accuracy.

Imagine you have a piece of wire that connects to a computer. The computer has a clock on the end of it, and the computer knows exactly how long it takes for the signal to travel from the transmitter to the receiver. 

When the signal hits the receiver, it sends a signal to the transmitter, which tells the transmitter that the signal is coming from the receiver to the computer, and then the transmitter knows how long the signal took to get to the detector. 


Now, if you want to know how fast a neutrino is traveling, you
Muscles are made up of a bunch of different types of fibres. Some are stronger than others. 

For example, when you use a muscle, you're using it to stretch it, which means that the fibres are stretching out. This means that they're getting stronger, but they're also getting weaker.

The same thing happens with joints. When you use them, they get stronger because they're made of cartilage, which is the same type of tissue as the muscles, but it's not as strong as the bones.
"Could of" is the subject of the sentence.

"Could have" is a verb. 

The subject of "could of" can be any verb, but "could have" can only be used as a subject of a sentence.
Appellate Jurisdiction is when a court of appeals hears a case that was decided by a lower court. 

The Supreme Court has full power and jurisdiction to hear and determine all appeals, whether civil or criminal, made to the Court of Appeals.
I think it has to do with the fact that I'm naturally left handed. 

When you're learning to play a guitar, you have to learn how to hold the instrument with the right hand.  You can't learn to play with the left hand because it's not the dominant hand.
Lace curtains are a symbol of poverty.

Poverty is the result of a lack of material wealth.  If you have a nice house, but you don't have a good job, you can't afford to buy a nice set of curtains, so you have to live in a poor house.
Because the front pin has a higher center of gravity than the back pin.  If you hit it dead center, the ball will fall off the front of the board, but if you hit the back, it will land on the back.
The US dollar is the result of the gold standard. 

Gold is used as a store of value for many things, but it is not the only source of money in the world.  There are many other currencies that are based on the dollar, such as the British pound, the Canadian dollar, and the Euro.
It depends on the typeface used. 

For example, if you're talking about cereal, the cereal is written in a font that has a certain amount of space between the letters "C" and "S".  This means that if you write "Cereal" in the middle of the cereal, it's not going to make it to the store shelves.

If it's written in the wrong font, then it's going to end up on the shelf, and if it's printed in the right font, it'll make it onto the shelves.
The Mercator Map Projection is known to be objectively inaccurate.

It was developed in the 19th century by a German cartographer named Johann Georg Mercator. 

The problem with it is that it was based on the idea that the equator should be 45°N/S, not 45°E/N, which is not true.
They don't. 

They have sprinklers on the outside of the building to keep the fire from spreading to the inside.  They also have fire hydrants on the inside of the tower to keep it from getting out of control.
I think it has to do with the fact that the car is designed to go as fast as it can. 

It's not about the speed, it's about how fast the car can go.

A car that can go 200MPH is a lot faster than a car that goes 100MPH.  It's about the amount of power it has.  If you're talking about a supercar, you're probably talking about something like a Lamborghini or a Bugatti Veyron.  They have a lot more power than a normal car, so they can go faster.
It's not the can itself, it's the air in the can that's cold.

When you use compressed air to clean your keyboard, you're using a canister of compressed compressed air, which has a higher temperature than normal air. When you open the can, the air inside the can is at a lower temperature than the outside, so it's not as hot as it should be.
They don't get trapped in tubs and sinks because they can't get out of them. They get trapped because the tubs are filled with water and the spiders can't escape.
It depends on the show. 

Conan has a contract with Comedy Central.  They pay them to have their guests on.

Jimmy Fallon has a deal with NBC.  He gets a percentage of the profits from each show he does.  If he does well enough, they pay him to have his guests on, and if he doesn't, they don't.
When you see a predator coming towards you, you freeze. 

It's a survival instinct.  If you run away, you're not going to be able to get away from the predator, and if you freeze, you can't get away.

If you're in a situation where the predator is coming at you from behind, and you're running away from them, you'll freeze.
When you plug your phone in to charge, it uses the power brick to power it up. 

The power brick has a small amount of capacitors in it, and when the phone is plugged in, the phone uses that capacitors to power itself.

When you turn the phone on, the capacitors are being used to power the phone, and the phone shuts itself down.
Dams are designed to hold back water so that it can be used for irrigation or other purposes.

When the water starts to overflow, the water is pushed against the bottom of the dam, which causes it to collapse. The spillway is designed to keep the water from falling into the river below. 

_URL_0_
Alcoholism can be passed down from one parent to the next, but it is not a disease that can be "passed down" from parent to parent. 

Alcohol is a disease caused by a chemical called acetaldehyde dehydrogenase 2 (ADHD2). ADHD2 is an enzyme that breaks down alcohol into acetaldehyde and acetic acid, which are the chemicals that cause hangovers and other side effects of alcohol.

AdHD2 has been shown to be responsible for a lot of the hangover symptoms of alcoholism, including liver cirrhosis, liver cancer, liver failure,
Tone is the frequency of the sound.

Melody is the amount of time it takes for the sound to reach a certain pitch.
It's not busy, it's busy because the phone lines are always busy. 

When you dial a number, the phone line is connected to a computer, and the computer connects to the computer.  The computer then connects the computer to the telephone line, and connects the telephone lines to the modem.  This is how you get a connection to the internet.

The problem is that there are a lot of people using the same phone line at different times of the day, so it's hard for the modem to keep up with all the calls coming in.
No. 

Vodka and tequila are different types of hard alcohols.  They have different amounts of alcohol in them, but they are the same amount of alcohol.  The difference is that vodka is distilled in a different way than tequila, so it has different levels of alcohol content and therefore different effects on your brain.

Tequila, for example, has a higher alcohol content than vodka, but it has a lower alcohol content.  This means that it has less of an effect on the brain, but more on the taste buds.  It also means that you can't taste
The eyes are the main target for drug use because they are the only part of the body that can detect the effects of drugs. 

When you smoke marijuana, you're using a chemical called delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol (THC). THC is the active ingredient in marijuana.  THC is a psychoactive chemical that causes redness in the eyes.  It's the same reason you see redness on your face when you smoke pot.
It's called essential tremor. It's caused by damage to the cerebellar nerves in the brain. It can be caused by a variety of things, but the most common of which is ataxia. 

Essential tremor is caused by an imbalance in the amount of magnesium in the blood, which causes the muscles in your hands and feet to contract, causing you to shake.

It can also be a result of diabetes, which can cause the muscles to contract too much, causing them to spasm.
It depends on the game. 

1080p60 requires a lot more RAM than 4K and 1080p.  It takes a lot of RAM to render the same amount of pixels at the same frame rate.

4K games use a lot less RAM than 1080p games, so they don't need as much RAM.  They can be put into 4K games at 1080p and maxed out at 60fps.
Your muscles are made up of a bunch of different types of molecules called actin and myosin. 

When you overwork them, they start to break down.  They stop working because they don't have the energy to do so.

Your brain tells your muscles to keep working until you decide to stop, but your body doesn't want you to stop.
Malware is a type of virus. 

A virus is a piece of code that infects your computer.  It's usually written by someone who knows how to write malicious code.  They use the computer's operating system to get access to the files that are stored on the hard drive.

They're usually written in such a way that they can't be detected by the antivirus software.  The antivirus doesn't know what they're doing, so it doesn't detect them.  So they're not detected by it.  Instead, they're detected by a program called a rootkit
It's not considered hypocrisy when racists are hated against. 

It's called "hypocrisy" when people are hated for being racist.
The oil is used to lubricate the bearings, the sliding pistons and the camshaft of the engine.  It also helps to keep the oil from clogging the valves.
Algebra is a branch of mathematics that deals with complex numbers. It is the branch of calculus that includes calculus. 

Calculus is the study of complex numbers, such as real numbers, complex variables, trigonometric functions, and algorithms.

Algebra has been around for a long time, but it was only in the last few hundred years or so that it was really popularized by people like Leibniz and Fermat.
Shorting a stock is when you borrow shares of a company and sell them at a lower price than they actually are worth.  

Say you want to buy a stock at $1.50.  You borrow the stock from the owner of the company.  If the price of the stock goes up, you can buy the stock back at the higher price.  But if the stock price goes down, you will have to pay back the borrowed shares.  So you sell the stock at the lower price.

If the price goes up in price, you get to keep the money you borrowed.
We have the best possible technology, but it's not the best technology.

There are many things we can do with technology that we don't know how to do yet. 

For example, if you want to make a car, you need to develop a way to make it so that you can drive a car with a car battery, and you need a car that has a battery that lasts for a long time.  This is not easy to do, and it takes a lot of time and money to develop, but once you have it, you can start using it.
If someone leaked the entirety of windows source code, they would be able to modify it in such a way that allows windows applications and libraries to use it.

However, it would be illegal for them to do so. 

Source code is a trade secret.  It is not something that can be used in other operating systems.
Genetics is a very complicated thing. 

Imagine you have a set of chromosomes.  Each person has their own unique genetic composition that stays the same throughout their entire lives.  If you have two people with the same genetic composition, you can't have children where each one may have their unique genetic combination too?
An "outgoing introvert" is someone who is more outgoing than a "normal" introvert. 

An introvert is a person who likes to be alone.  They are more introverted than extroverts.
A karat is a fractional measure of purity. 

Diamonds are a fraction of the weight of gold.

Gold, on the other hand, is the fractional amount of gold per 24 parts whole.
There are a lot of papers out there, but I'll try to keep it simple.

1. [ELI5: How do you know when something is dead? ](_URL_0_)

This is a really good question, so I'll do my best to answer it in ELI5 style. 

First of all, let's say you want to know what happens when you eat a piece of bread, and you know that it tastes good, but you don't want to eat it because it's bad for you. You want to find out why it tastes bad.
I'm not sure what you're talking about. 

Reddit is not an article.  It's an AMA.  You can't get in trouble for doing the same thing for a school paper.
Bicameralism is a way to give the people in the state legislature more say in what happens in the federal government.  

In the US, Congress has two houses, the House of Representatives and the Senate.  The Senate has the power to pass laws, and the House has the ability to vote on them.  This gives the state legislatures more power to make laws.  It also gives them more time to debate and vote on issues that are important to them.
Baking soda and water dissolve in the water. 

The water evaporates, and the baking soda dissolves in the soda.
Vegetables are full of vitamins, minerals, fiber, potassium, calcium, vitamin C, and potassium. 

Desserts, on the other hand, are high in calories and sugar.  They're not as nutritious as vegetables.
It depends on the brand. 

For example, if you're talking about Apple, you can't show the Apple logo on TV because it's a trademark, but if you want to show the company's name on TV, you have to show their name on the screen.

But if you are talking about a company like McDonalds, they can show their logo, but not their name.
The difference between being arrested, indicted, charged, and subpoenaed is probable cause.

A grand jury is a group of people sitting together to decide if there is enough evidence to indict someone for a crime. 

An indictment is when a grand jury decides that there is sufficient evidence to file a criminal charge against someone. 


A subpoena is when someone is subpoenaed to testify in a criminal case.  

 >  If the grand jury finds probable cause that someone committed a crime, it will issue an indictment.  If they don't find probable cause, they will issue a bill of
We can't stand perfectly still because our bodies are not designed to do so. 

Our bodies are designed to be able to detect and respond to changes in oxygen levels in the air, and we can't do that when we're drunk.

Alcohol is a depressant, which is why it makes you feel like you're falling asleep, but it doesn't make you fall asleep.
When you have a blocked nose, it's because your sinuses are filled with mucus.  The mucus is stuck to the inside of your nose, and when it's blocked, the mucus can't drain out.  This causes the sinus to move to the other side of the nose.
If the US stops paying back its loans, the government will have to step in and buy them back from the banks.  

If the banks stop paying back their loans, then they will be forced to sell their assets to the government.  The government will then have to pay the banks back.
It's called "greywater" and it's produced by the sewage treatment plant. 

When you flush your toilet, the water from the tank is mixed with the water coming out of your shower, sink, or washing machine.  This water is treated to remove bacteria and other things that make it black.

The tank is connected to the main water supply, which is the main source of water for your house.  When you flush the toilet, you're flushing the water out of the tank, and the water is mixed back into the main supply.
I'm not sure what you mean by "birthmarks".

Birthmarks are caused by the growth of blood vessels in the skin. 

They can be caused by a variety of things, but the most common cause of birthmarks is because they are caused when the skin cells in the area of the birthmark are too close to the skin's surface.

For example, if you have a birthmark on the back of your neck, it's because your skin cells are too far from the surface of the skin, so the blood vessels can't get enough oxygen to get to the area.
I think it has to do with the physics of the water.

Water is a very fluid object, so you have to deal with a lot of physics in order to render it accurately. 

The water in a video game is a lot more complicated than it is in real life, so it takes a lot longer to render than it does to render real life.
High culture is the culture that appeals to the masses. 

Pop culture refers to things that appeal to a certain demographic, such as music, movies, TV, books, etc.

Low culture is what appeals to people who are not as well-educated or well-off as the general population.
It's called "cavitation".

When water falls on a hot surface (like a cooking pan), it creates a vacuum, which causes it to expand and contract. This causes the water to compress, which makes it vibrate.

The sound you hear is the sound of the water expanding and contracting as it expands and contracts.
A seed round is when the company is still in the very early phase of development.  

An angel or angel investor is a person who is willing to invest in the company for a small amount of money.  They can be family members and friends of the founders.
They're important because they allow us to factor large numbers into smaller primes. 

Let's say you want to divide a number by 2.

If you divide it by 2, you get a number that is equal to 2. If you divide that number by 4, then you get 4.



Now, if you divide 4 by 6, then the number that's equal to 6 is 4. 


But if you multiply 6 by 4 or 6, you end up with 4. So you can't factor 4 into 6. So, you have to divide 4 into 4.
The ISP provides local loop unbundling (LLU).  

The ISP is the company that owns the local loop.  They are the one that provides access to all of the local traffic.  

 >  What does this mean for you?

It means that the ISP owns all the traffic coming in and going out.  It means that they are the only company that can deliver the service to the people in the area.  If you want to connect to the internet, you have to go to the ISP and ask them to connect you to their network.

If you want
Sepp Blatter is the President of the FIFA. He is the head of FIFA, the organization that organizes the FIFA World Cup. 

He has been in charge of the World Cup since 1998, and was elected in 1998. He was the first FIFA President, and has been the President since 1998.

In 2010, he was accused of using his position to influence the results of the 2010 World Cup, which was held in South Africa.  He was accused by the opposition of rigging the election, which is illegal in the eyes of the law.  This is a very serious charge, and
It's not real, but it's a myth. 

It's a story told by the author of the book "Mother's Intuition".  It's about a woman who had a dream that she saw her baby cry when she left the room.  When she came back, she found out that the baby was crying because she was scared.  She then realized that the crying was a way for the baby to communicate to her that it was scared, and that she was worried about the baby.

The story goes that when the baby cries, it's because the mother's intuition tells her
Iodised salt is table salt mixed with a minute amount of various salts of the element iodine. 

Sea salt has a lot of salt in it, but it's not iodized.
A game engine is a set of tools that allow you to build a 3D model of a world.  It's basically like a computer program.

Imagine you have a bunch of windows, and you want to make a 3d model of the world. You have to draw them all in 3D, and then you have to animate them.  You can do this by drawing them in 3d, but you need to know how to render them in 2D, so you need an engine that knows how to do that. 

Unreal Engine is one of the best game engines out there.
Severe weather "watches" and "warnings".

A tornado watch means conditions are favorable for tornadoes and severe thunderstorms in and close to the watch area to develop. A warning means that conditions are not favorable for severe storms to develop, but that the risk of tornadoes is high enough to warrant issuing a warning.

The difference between a tornado watch and a warning is that a watch means that there is a high risk of severe weather in an area, but the risk is low enough to not warrant a tornado risk (a normal tornado watch would be issued if the tornado risk is significant alongside the extreme wind threat).
There is a cap. The standard score range of most currently normed IQ tests is from IQ 40 to 160. IQ scores above this level are dubious as there is a 1 in a million chance that you will pass the test.

IQ points are calculated by multiplying the subject's normalized z-score, or the rarity of the raw test score, by a constant standard deviation, and adding the product to 100, with a standard deviation of 24. 

This is how IQ scores are calculated.
It's not that they don't want to serve breakfast, it's that they want to keep their stores open late enough that they can sell more than one meal at a time.

Whataburger, Sonic and Jack in the Box serve their full menu all day
Mulholland Drive is a film about a guy who lives in Los Angeles in the late 70s and early 80s.  It's set in the middle of the day, and is set in LA at a time when the city is in a period of transition.  The film takes place in the 1950s and 60s, when Los Angeles was at the height of its development.  

The film is set mostly in the Los Angeles of the 70s, and it takes place during a time of transition in the city's history.  In the film, there are a lot of people
A currency is a unit of exchange. 

The value of a currency is determined, in general, by market forces of supply and demand at a point in time.

For example, if you want to buy something, you need to buy it in dollars.  If you buy something in Euros, you have to pay for it in Euros.  But if you sell it in Dollars, you are paying for it with Dollars.  So the value of the Dollar is determined by how much Euros are worth in Euros and how much Dollars are worth. 


When you devalue a currency, you
The goat is a symbol of fertility, fertility, and fertility. Satan is a god of the earth, the goat is the symbol of the moon, and the moon is the goat's mother.
I think it has to do with the fact that when you press a button, you are activating a system that tells the computer that something is happening. 

When you push a button on a computer, the computer tells you something is going to happen.

It's a way for the computer to tell you what's going on.
I think it has to do with the position of the penis and vagina. 

When you are in a sexual position, your penis is in a more relaxed position, and your vagina is more open.  This means that it is easier for your penis to enter and exit your vagina at the same time.  When you're in the same position, it is harder for the penis to penetrate your vagina, so it takes longer for it to enter your vagina.

If you're not in the right position, the penis can't penetrate as deep into your vagina as easily as if you were in the wrong
Payday loans work by charging a flat fee per month for a short period of time.  

You pay the fee, and then the company will give you a loan.  The fee is based on the amount of money you owe, and the interest rate.  If you don't pay it off in the first 6 months, they will charge you a higher interest rate than if you pay it in the second 6 months.

If you pay off the loan in the third month, they'll charge you the same rate, but you'll have to pay them back in the 6th month.
Light travels at the speed of light.

Light travels in one year, which is about 1/1000th of a light year.
Dollar Shave Club makes money through membership fees.  They charge a membership fee to members, which they use to buy products.  The membership fees are used to pay for advertising and marketing.  

They also make money by selling their products to people who are not members.  These people then sell the products to other people, who then sell them to others, and so on.  This is how they make money.
Your body has a circadian rhythm, which is the cycle of waking up and going to sleep at different times of the day. 

When you wake up in the middle of the night, your body is trying to adjust to the time difference between when you go to sleep and when you get up.

Your body is also adjusting to the fact that you are in a different time zone, so your body has to adjust its sleep cycle to the new time zone.
It is considered humane to neuter pets because it reduces the ability of the animal to reproduce. 

Dogs and cats are not intended for further breeding, so they do not need to be neutered.
Kosher salt is a form of salt that has irregularly shaped crystals, which makes it particularly suitable for preparing meat according to the rules of kashrut, because the increased surface area of the crystals absorbs blood more effectively.
A cyclone is a low pressure area. 

Hurricane is a hurricane.

A typhoon is a super typhoon.
I don't know the exact science behind it, but I think it has something to do with the fact that older people are more prone to falling. 

When you are young, your body is still developing and developing new bones and muscles.  When you are older, your bones are not developing as quickly as they did when you were young.  This means that when you fall, you are more likely to hit your head on the ground, which can lead to a concussion.

In the case of a fall, there are a lot of factors that can contribute to this, but the most important is
Battleships are designed to be mobile shields for other ships.  They are not designed to fight the enemy directly, but rather to act as a sort of "shield" for them.  This means that they can be used by other ships to protect them from enemy fire.  For example, if you have a group of battleships in the middle of the ocean, they can block the enemy from firing at them from the air.  If they are in the center of the battle, they are able to fire at the enemy's main battery, which means that the enemy can't fire at them directly.
A lens is a piece of glass that lets light in and out of your eyes. 

When light enters your eye, it passes through the lens.  The light refracts off of the lens, which is what makes you see.
Nightmares are caused by a lack of REM sleep. 

REM sleep is a type of sleep that is associated with rapid eye movement (REM) sleep.

When you're in REM sleep, your brain is going through a lot of activity.  Your brain is trying to process information from the brainstem, which is the part of the brain responsible for processing memories.  When you're asleep, this part of your brain shuts down, and your brain goes into a sleep paralysis state.  This causes you to wake up in the middle of the night, and you can't go back to sleep.
Oklahoma and Colorado are suing the federal government over the legalization of marijuana. The federal government says that the states have no legal standing to sue on behalf of their residents and that they can't sue because they are not part of the "sovereign immunity" clause of the Constitution.
Fusion energy is not the future.

Fusion is the future, but it's not the most cost effective way to produce energy. 

Solar and wind power are both cost effective, but they're not cost effective enough to make fusion a viable option.
Sound in slow motion is recorded at 24 frames per second.  

When you watch a movie, the film is shot at 24 fps.  When you watch it at 60 fps, it's recorded at 30 fps.

If you're watching a slow motion movie, you're seeing the film at 60fps, but the audio is being recorded at 25 fps.
Some people can't think in words. Some people can, but not all people can.

I'm not sure what you mean by "some people" but I think you're talking about people who can think in sentences, but can't understand them. 

If you want to know more about this, check out [this thread](_URL_0_). It's a good read.
It would take a long time for the government to own all the bitcoins.

The US government owns about $1.5 trillion in bitcoins.  

That's a lot of money.
When you are in a dark room with a computer, you are not seeing anything around you, but when you cover your eyes from the light, you can see everything else around you.
It's because red is the color of the plant that produces the capsaicin. 

Capsaicin is a chemical that causes a burning sensation in your tongue, which is why it's red.
They don't. 

If they find a complete skeleton of a new species of dinosaur, they can determine if it is the same animal as the one that was already known, or if it's a different species from the one already known.

They can also determine if the bones are from the same individual, and if they are from different species. 


For example, if you find a single bone from a new dinosaur, you can tell that it's from a different animal than the one from which it came from, and you can compare it to other fossils that are similar to it.
Airplane mode is not airplane mode, it is airplane mode.

Google Maps uses a satellite to track your location. 

When you turn airplane mode on your phone, it uses the GPS receiver on the plane to track where you are.
I'm not sure what you're asking about, but I'll try to give you an ELI5 version of how a car works.

A car has a transmission, which is a set of gears that are connected to the engine. The transmission is connected to a belt that connects the engine to the transmission, and the belt connects to the alternator. The alternator connects to a battery that powers the engine, which powers the transmission. The battery has a voltage that determines how fast the car is moving, and this voltage determines how much power the engine is producing. The engine produces a certain amount of power
I think it has to do with the fact that the second time you do something, your brain has to re-learn how to process the information. The first time you did it, you didn't remember how long it took to do it. The second time, you do it, and you remember how much longer it took.
The Thirty Meter Telescope (TMT) is a proposal to build a very large optical telescope on Mauna Kea.  It would be the world's largest optical telescope.  

It would be able to see the entire sky at once, which would be a lot more powerful than any other telescope in the world.  The problem is that it would be built on the top of a mountain that is sacred to the Native Hawaiian people.
Sound waves travel through the air at different frequencies. 

When you play the same song at the same time on two different speakers, you are amplifying the same frequency.  Your ears are sensitive to frequencies that we can't hear as well as we are to frequencies we can hear.  This is why you can hear the difference between the two speakers, but not the other way around.
The money supply is the amount of money that people are willing to pay for goods and services.

The money demand is the number of people who want to buy things with that money.
Compression is based on the fact that the data is stored as a series of bits. 

Let's say you have a list of numbers, and you want to know how many of them are in a given number.

The easiest way to do this is to divide the list into smaller bits, and then use a compression algorithm to compress each bit of the list.  For example, let's say the list is:

1:1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14,15,16,
The Volkswagen Scandal is a huge scandal.

The company was caught cheating on emissions tests.  It was discovered that they were rigging the emissions tests to make it look like the cars were producing more pollution than they actually were.  This was done in order to sell more cars.  The problem was that the company didn't want to admit they were doing it, so they didn't do anything about it for a long time.  When they finally admitted to it, they had to pay a lot of money to fix the problem.  They also had to admit that they had been doing it for years,
Mammalian blood cells don't have nuclei/ribosomes etc. 

Nuclear DNA is found in almost every cell in the human body, with exceptions such as red blood cells.

Red blood cells have no nuclei or ribosomes, so they don't contain DNA.
Lasers don't work in the same way as reflective armor.

Lasers work by focusing light in a certain range of frequencies. 

Light travels through the visible spectrum, and reflects back to the ground.  The light from a laser can't travel through the electromagnetic spectrum, but it can travel through infrared.  Light travels through most of the visible range, but not all of the infrared range.  This means that if you have reflective armor on a plane or missile, it will reflect the light back at the ground, and the radar will pick it up.  If you have transparent armor on
Debt and Equity are two different things. 

Debt is the amount of money you owe to someone.  If you owe $100,000 to someone, you owe them $100.

Equity is the sum of the money you pay them.  You pay them $1,000 a year, and they pay you back $10,000 per year.  This is called "equity".

Bonds are a type of debt.  They are bonds that are issued by a company.  Bonds are basically bonds that have a fixed interest rate.  The higher the interest
When you heat up a material, it expands. 

When it cools down, it shrinks.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but here goes:

Muslims believe that Muhammad is the prophet of Islam, and that any depiction of him is blasphemous.

In the Quran, Muhammad is depicted as being veiled and wearing a white robe, which is considered to be an insult to the prophet. 

This is why Muhammad is not depicted in the Quran.  The Quran says that Muhammad should not be depicted in a way that is insulting to him.  This is why it is against the Quran to depict him in a manner that is not in line with his teachings.
Cotton is a soft, soft material, and it's easy to roll up into a ball and put in a pill container. It's also easy to wrap in plastic wrap, which makes it easier to transport.
Cheesecake is a cake.

It's a pie, but it's also a custard pie.
I think it has to do with your sense of smell. 

When you smell your own "smells" your brain tells your brain that you're not used to it, so you don't notice it.

But when you smell someone else's "smell" you notice it because you're used to the smell.
The urethra is connected to the penis, and the testes are attached to the kidneys. 

When a male urinates, it sends a signal to the female that she is receptive to his ejaculation.  This signals to other males that the female is not receptive and that they should not attempt to mate with her.
The Iron Man suit is a very expensive piece of technology, and it's not something that can be mass produced.

It's not even possible to make a fully functional exoskeleton that is cheap enough to be affordable for mass production. 

If you want to make one, you have to make it with materials that are cheap enough that they can be made in mass quantities, and that are strong enough to withstand the weight of a human body. 


There are a lot of things that we can make that are cheaper than the Iron man suit, but they're not all the same.
The "Rattle" is the tip of the snake's tail that vibrates. 

The rattle is a series of hollow hollow shells, each of which was at one point the scale of the tail.

When the rattle vibrates, it creates a shockwave that travels through the air and travels to the brain, which causes it to vibrate.  The rattle can also be used as a shock absorber, which is why it is used to deflect projectiles.
It's a legal thing. 

The show is not allowed to show a woman hitting a man, but cut away if a man hits a woman.
Your eyes are made up of pigments called melanin. Melanin is the pigment that makes your eyes blue, brown, and green. 

The reason we have blue eyes is because we have a lot of melanin in our eyes.  Our eyes are very sensitive to blue light.  We have three types of eyeshine, which is a type of iris that reflects blue light back to our brain.  The color of the iris depends on how much melanin is present in our iris.  If we don't have enough melanin, our eyes will appear blue.
You can train your inner monologue to sound like someone else. 

It's not that hard, it's just that you have to learn how to do it.
The volume of atmosphere will be replaced by the volume of water. 

The amount of water in the ocean will increase, but the volume will be smaller than the amount of air in the atmosphere.
Pigments are made up of a bunch of molecules that are made of different wavelengths of light. 

When you mix two pigments together, you are mixing two different types of pigments.

If you mix red paint with yellow paint, the red paint absorbs all the other colors except for red and green, and the yellow paint absorbs the green and absorbs the red. The red paint is red because when the ambient light strikes it, the composition of the material is such that it absorbs all other colors in the visible spectrum, and it reflects only the red light. If you mix yellow paint with red
They are sold to people who want to buy them. 

If they don't sell them, they are given to a charity that will take them and turn them into cash.

The charity will then give them back to the store.
The amount of time the foot is in contact with the ground is not enough to induce a burn, combined with the fact that coal is not a very good conductor of heat.
It's usually caused by a bacterial infection in your throat. 

It can be caused by bacteria, viruses, bacteria, or parasites.
Algorithmic trading is when you use a computer program to predict the price of a stock and then execute a trade based on that prediction. 

For example, let's say you have a stock that has a price of $0.01.  You want to sell it for $1.00.  If you put in an order for 100,000 shares of the stock, the stock will go up to $1,000,000.  The algorithm will then calculate how many shares you need to buy to make a profit.

If the stock goes up, the algorithm will calculate how much
It's not that they don't want to destroy it, it's that they want to get rid of it as soon as possible. 

If they find a gun that's been used to commit a crime, they can't just return it to the owner.  They have to prove that the gun was used in a crime.  If they find that the owner of the gun used it to commit another crime, then they can destroy it.
It's a bit complicated, but basically it's like this:

When you connect to the internet, your computer connects to the network and connects to a server. The server connects to your computer, and the computer connects back to the Internet. 

The server sends a packet of data to the computer, which is then sent to the transmitter. The transmitter receives the packet, and sends it to the receiver, which receives it, and then sends it back.

Now, if you're using WiFi, the transmitter is using the same protocol as the server, but the receiver is using a different protocol
Depression can cause a lot of things. 

1. Eating disorders can lead to weight gain and weight loss.

2. Anxiety and mood disorders can cause weight gain, which leads to weight loss, which in turn leads to increased stomach acidity, which causes nausea and vomiting

3. Depression can also lead to increased blood pressure, which can cause dehydration, which makes it harder for your body to digest food.
It's a chemical reaction between amino acids and reducing sugars that gives browned food its distinctive flavor.

When food is cooked, the amino acids react with the reducing sugars in the food, which is what gives it its flavor.
I think it has something to do with the fact that your brain has a lot more time to process the information it receives from the shower. 

When you are in the shower, your brain is trying to process all of the information that is coming into your head.  It's a lot easier to process than if you were in other environments.

It's also possible that you are more likely to have an epiphany while you are showering.
They are the 9-12 months of the year. 

The reason they are named after "sept" for seven, "oct" for eight etc. is because they were originally the seventh of ten months on the ancient Roman calendar that began with March (mensis Martius, "Mars' month"). It had 29 days.  The Romans decided to change it to a 12-month year in order to make it easier to keep track of events.  They also decided to add a day to the first day of each month, so that it would have 31 days.
I'm not sure what you mean by "new writers or not". I'm not a writer, but I'm an author. 

I've been writing for a few years now, and I've never had any success with a traditional publisher.  I've had a few rejections, but no success with Amazon.  It's not that they don't want to publish my work, it's that they want to make money off of it.  They want to be able to sell more copies of my books, which means they have to pay me more money for the rights to my work.
Vector graphics work by taking a list of pixels and converting them into a vector.

Let's say you want to draw a picture of a circle. You draw a circle on a piece of paper, and you draw a line from the center of the circle to the edge. 

You can do this with any number of different shapes, but you can do it with vector graphics because they are easier to draw.  You can draw a rectangle, or you can draw an ellipse, or a circle, or any other shape you want.  If you draw the rectangle in a vector, you can
GDP is the total amount of goods and services produced in a given year. Debt is the amount of money the government owes to the people. 

If you want to know how our debt interacts with our GDP, you need to look at the "debt-to-GDP ratio".

It's a measure of how much money we have to pay off our debt. If we have a lot of debt, we need to be able to pay it off, and if we don't have enough money, we can't.

GDP = Gross Domestic Product (GDP)
It's called an itch-scratch-itch cycle. 

When you get a bug bite, your body releases chemicals that irritate your skin.  These chemicals irritate the nerve fibrils in your skin, which causes it to itch.  When you scratch the itch, these chemicals are released again and again, and again.  This is called the itch cycle.
Your skin is made up of two layers, the basal layer and the dermis. The basal layer is a stem cell layer and through asymmetrical divisions, becomes the source of skin cells throughout life. The dermis is the outermost layer of your skin and contains the pigment melanin. Melanin is the pigment that makes up your hair. When you get a blemish, it causes your skin to produce more melanin, which makes your hair darker.
Cloning is the process of creating a genetically identical copy of an organism. 

Imagine you have an egg, and you want to make a clone of the egg.  So you take the egg and put it in a machine.  The machine takes the DNA from the egg, puts it in the machine, and turns it into a nucleus.  This nucleus is then placed in a surrogate mother's egg, which is then implanted into the embryo.

The embryo is then fertilized, and the egg is fertilized again, this time with a sperm.  Now the embryo is implanted into a surrogate
Dogs don't *think* they are happy when they are smiling, they *are* happy. It's just that we think they are.
Butler's Gender Performativity is the idea that gender is a construct of society. 

It's not a biological construct, it's a psychological construct.

In other words, gender is not something that is innate.  It's something that we are born with, and it's not something we can change.  If you're born with a penis and a clitoris, you're a man.  But if you have a vagina and a penis, you are a woman.  You can't change your gender, but you can change the way you act.
We are not the only animals that wake up groggy in the morning. 

There are a lot of other animals that get groggy at the same time, but they don't have the same sleep cycle as we do.
FIFA is a world governing body for international football. 

The United States is the host nation of the World Cup, and the US is a very important country in the world of football.

FIFA has been investigating corruption in the sport for a long time, but it's only recently that they've been able to bring in enough evidence to indict some of the top executives of the organization. 


The US has a long history of corruption in football, and it's not just in the US.  In the 1990s, the United States was banned from the FIFA World Cup because of a
It's not really a command, it's a set of rules that the computer uses to generate random numbers. 

For example, if you're playing a game, you might have a random number stored in your computer's memory. When you press the "Play" button, the computer will generate a sequence of random numbers, and then send them to you.

If you're not playing the game, and you don't have any random numbers stored in the memory, you can use a pseudo-random number generator to generate a random sequence of numbers, which you can then use to play the game.
They didn't take off their yellow stars because they couldn't be identified as Jews. They were forced to wear them because they were a symbol of Jewish identity.
I think it has to do with the way the keyboard is set up. 

In the early days of typewriters, the keyboard was set up so that the first row was QWERTY, and the second row was Dvorak.

The first few years of the typewriter's life, there was a lot of typing going on, and people were learning to type on the keyboard, so it was hard for them to keep up with the new keyboard layout.
You can increase the speed of sound by using different gasses, but it depends on the temperature of the gasses. 

If you want to accelerate a rocket to Mach 1, you need to use a gas that is hotter than the air it's coming out of, and have it at a higher temperature.  If you use a hot gas, it will burn up faster, and you will have to use more energy to get it to travel at Mach 1.
Iron is the last element that is fuseable. 

All the other elements that are fuseable were created by fusion.

Fusion is a process that happens when two nuclei collide with each other.  It's called fission, and it happens when a neutron hits a nucleus.  The neutron hits the nucleus of the other nuclei, and causes it to break up.  This happens because of the strong nuclear force, which holds the nuclei together.  If the neutron hits one of the atoms in the middle of the atom, it breaks it apart, and the other atoms can't
The Visitor Design Pattern is based on the idea that if you have a lot of people coming in and out of the same place at the same time, it's easier for them to see each other. 

If you have lots of people walking around, it makes it easier for people to find each other, and it's also easier for pedestrians to find their way around.
Colon cleanses are used to get rid of fecal matter that is stuck in your colon. 

The idea is that the bacteria that live in your intestines can be harmful to your health, so it's best to remove them.  
 
The problem is that they are not effective at removing all of the bacteria, but they do remove some of them, which is why they are so popular.
Hair is made of keratin.  Keratin is a protein, keratin is the outer layer of the skin that protects the skin from water.  It is the same protein that protects your skin from the sun.  When you get sunburned, your skin is covered in a layer of lanolin, which is a substance that prevents water from entering your skin.  This is why you can't get sunburnt skin.

Your skin is also covered in mucus membranes, which are basically a thin layer of fat that keeps the skin moisturized.  These membranes are also the reason
It depends on the type of shit you're talking about. 

If you are talking about shit that you shit in your pants, you will lose more weight.  If you talk about pissing, you'll lose less weight.
Ski boots have been made for decades now. 

They are made of rubber, leather, and other materials.  They are designed to be durable and comfortable.

The problem is that they don't hurt as much as you think they do.  It's not that they hurt, it's that they aren't designed to hurt.  If you fall and hit your head on a rock, it will hurt, but if you land on your face, it won't hurt.
I think it has to do with the fact that money is a symbol of wealth. 

When you have a lot of money, you can buy things with it.

If you don't have money, then you can't buy things.
The "game tree" is a directed graph whose edges are positions in a game and whose edges represent moves. 

The "scoring" system works by comparing each of the player-aligned sequences with an algorithm-determined ancestral sequence generated at each node.

For example, let's say you're playing a game of chess, and you're in the middle of the board.  If you move e5-e6-e7-e8-e9-e10-e11-e12-e13-e14-e15-e16-e17-e18-e19-e20-e21-e22-e23-e24-e25-e26-e28-e29-e30-e
It's called the [Deutsch-Norman model](_URL_0_) and it's based on the idea that the brain takes a moment to process words on the basis of semantic importance. 

It's not that we don't understand them, it's just that we're not sure what they mean.

When you read a word, your brain is trying to figure out what it means, and it takes a while for the brain to process it.
Identical twins share 100% of their genes. Fraternal twins share only about 50%.
Your right hand has three bones called the phalanges that are aligned in a linear row like box cars in a train. 

Your left hand has 3 bones that are arranged in a circular row like a train car.  
 
Your middle and ring fingers have separate extensors that allow you to move them independently, but your index finger and little finger have a separate extensor that allows them to move independently.
You can find the keys on a keyboard by looking down at it. 

When you look at a keyboard, you're looking at the surface of the keyboard, not at the keys themselves.

If you look down at the keyboard itself, you'll see that the keys are arranged in a way that allows you to see where they are in relation to each other.
Kanye and Taylor have been having a falling out for a while now.  

Kanye has been feuding with Taylor for a long time.  They have been going back and forth with each other over the past few years.  In the past, they have had a lot of beef over the fact that she is not a fan of his music, and he is a huge fan of her music.  This has caused them to get into a bit of a public spat, and they have been publicly feuding over the last few months.

Now, it seems that they have decided that they
Web development is the technical aspect of building a website. 

Web design is the visual aspect of it.  It's the part of it where you make the graphics, the layout, the typography, the navigation, the content, etc.

A web developer is the person who writes the code that makes the website work.  A web designer is the one who makes the graphics and typography.
Helium is a heavier than air, so when you let go of it, it expands, and the balloon falls down. 

Helium balloons are made of latex, which is very thin and very strong, so they can hold their shape for a very long time.

When you release the balloon, the inside of the balloon starts to expand, and as it does so, the pressure inside the balloon decreases, and it starts to fall down.
Your intestines are full of bacteria. When you eat, the bacteria in your stomach and duodenum start multiplying. This means that you have to take a dump almost immediately after eating.
They don't. 

The skin that is wrinkled is the outer layer of the umbilical cord, which is the skin that surrounds the baby's head.  It's a thin layer of fat that is constantly being stretched by the muscles in the womb.  When the baby is born, it's already stretched, so it doesn't need to be wrinkled.
We pasteurize cow milk because it contains bacteria that are harmful to the human body. It's not that it's bad for you, it's just that the bacteria can be harmful to your body.
We don't know. 

We know that there are a finite number of animals left, but we don't really know how many of them are left.  We don't even know how long it will take for them to go extinct.

The best we can do is estimate the rate at which they will go extinct, and then we can estimate how many years it will be until the next one goes extinct.  The rate of extinction is estimated to be one species every few years.
A robot leg is a mechanical leg that can do the same functions that a human leg can. 

A robotic arm is a robotic arm that can move like a human arm.
I think it's because the US is a very safe place to live. 

We have a lot of laws and regulations in place to keep us safe.

In the US, it's not uncommon for someone to be arrested for a crime, but it's very rare for them to get away with it.
They are legal "persons", but they are taxed at a special corporate tax rate, instead of the (usually) higher income tax rate?
Chemical weapons are designed to kill or incapacitate people. Conventional weapons are meant to kill people.

The difference between chemical weapons and conventional weapons is that chemical weapons can be used in a way that conventional weapons can't. They can be fired at a target, or they can be dropped on a target. They are not meant to be used to kill a person, but to incapacitate them.
I think it's because it's cheaper to leave them outside your door than to fill them up in the store.
I think it has to do with the fact that we are the only predators they have ever seen. 

They have evolved to be able to fight and run away from us because we are bigger than they are.
I think it's because the news media is getting more coverage of terrorism outside of war zones. 

It's not that they're getting more news coverage, it's that they are getting more attention.

The 9/11 attacks were the first time a terrorist attack was carried out outside of a war zone.  It's not like it's a new thing.  They've been going on for a while, but it's just that the media is starting to pay more attention to them.
I think it's because of the way the microphones are set up today. 

Back in the 50s and 60s, the microphones were set up in a way that allowed people to record their own voices.  They were not set up like they are today, and the microphones had to be set up so that they could hear each other.

The microphones are also set up differently than they are now, so they have to be re-set up in such a way as to make sure that they don't mix up the sound of the microphone and the actors' voices.
OpenVPN is an open source protocol that allows you to send and receive data over the Internet. 

Basically, it's a way for your computer to connect to other computers on your network.

It works by encrypting and decrypting the data that is sent over the internet, and then sending it back to your computer via a VPN. 


You can read more about it here:

_URL_0_
Hazmat workers are provided disposable PPE and not allowed to take contamination home to their families?
Hershey's is not allowed to sell Cadbury's chocolate in the US.  

Cadbury's is a British company, and they have a trademark on the name of the chocolate.  It's not illegal for them to sell it in the U.S.
Our eyes have three types of photoreceptors, cone, long, medium, and short.  

Red, green, and blue are the primary colors.  Purple, orange, and yellow are the secondary colors.
I think it's because the muscles around your mouth are used to make the sound. When you hold your hand close to your mouth, you're using the muscles that make the whistle whistle sound, not the muscles in your hand that make it whistle.
>  What are the actual differences between the Democrats and the Republicans approaches to cut spending/increase income for a debt reduction (LI5)
Tasers are designed to incapacitate a person, not to kill them. 

A gun is designed to kill.  A Taser is a non-lethal weapon.
Cancer is not a "routine" process. 

Cancer can be detected early if it is detected early enough.  It can be treated early enough that it doesn't spread to other parts of the body.
I don't know about you, but I think it has something to do with the fact that "Top Stories" have a higher number of likes than "Most Recent". 

If you go to the top of the page, you'll see a lot of stuff from the top stories, but if you scroll down to the bottom, you won't see much.
I'm not sure what you mean by "ice hot" but I'm going to try to explain it this way.

Hot gels are made up of a bunch of chemicals that react with water to form ice crystals. 

When the gel is hot enough, the water molecules in the gel start to crystallize and form ice.  When the gel cools down, the ice crystals start to form and freeze.  This causes the gel to lose its freezing point.  The gel then becomes cold enough that the ice crystallizes and turns into water.  If you're not careful, the gel
It's not genetic, it's epigenetic. 

Epigenetics is the process of changing the DNA in your cells.  When you have two copies of a gene, one copy of the gene codes for a protein, the other copy codes for an enzyme.  If you have a gene that codes for androgen, it codes for testosterone, which is a hormone that is produced by the male brain.  This hormone is produced in the brain, and when it is produced, it causes the brain to produce a hormone called androgen.

If you have an identical twin, and one of them
I think it's because it's becoming more popular to use incorrect subject/verb agreement when referencing groups?
Graphene nanoribbons are a type of organic photovoltaic material.  They are made up of a thin layer of carbon atoms that are bonded to each other.  This means that they can be used to make solar cells, but they are not as efficient as organic solar cells.
I'm not sure what you mean by "without a college degree", but I can give you a few examples.

1. If you have a bachelor's degree, you can get a job as a cashier at a convenience store. 

2. You can get an internship at a major department store, and you can earn enough money to pay off your student loans.
Horse property is land that is owned by the owner of the horse.

Horses are not property of the government, they are property of private owners.
Yes.  

In the US, the Federal Reserve is trying to limit the amount of cash that can be used to buy goods and services.  This is a good thing, because it means that less money can be spent on things that don't need to be bought with cash.  It also means that more people will be able to pay for things with debit and credit cards.
YimNm is just a shade of blue. 

It's not a new colour, it's just a color that's been called a new color for a long time.

The first time it was called a color was in 1879, when it was first discovered. It was formerly known as "cyan blue" or cyan-blue, and its first recorded use as a color name in English was in1879.
Sleep paralysis is when you are unable to move. 

Lucid dreaming is where you are able to control your dreams.
The black hole would become so massive that it would no longer be able to capture light. 

It would become a black hole with no energy left in it.

The only thing that would remain would be Hawking radiation, which is the radiation that comes from the black hole itself.
Dictionaries use the International Phonetic Alphabet (IPA) spelling system. 

The IPA is a set of rules that dictate how letters should be written in English.  They are based on the pronunciation of the language spoken in which they are written.  For example, if you want to know how to say "I don't like" in English, you need to look up the word "garlic" in the IPA.
The EU is not a single market.  It is a collection of countries that share the same laws and regulations.  If you live in one country and work in another, you pay taxes in both countries.

If you work in the EU and earn money in another country, you don't have to pay tax in the other country.
If you were to teleported back in time there would be no inherited immunity to the diseases of the day or would you die from the plague of that generation?
The water at the bottom of Niagara Falls does not go down.  It falls into the river.  There is a dam that holds it in place, and the water is released into the air.
We know that there is water on Mars, but we don't know where it is. 

It's possible that it's under the ice caps of the polar ice caps, but it's also possible that there's water under the ground.

We can't live on Mars right now, because it's too dry. 


But we can live on other planets, and we've done it before.



We've been able to live on Earth for thousands of years, and there's no reason why we can't do it on Mars.
Essentially, it means that something is basic. 

For example, if you have a piece of paper, it's basic because it's made of paper.

If you have an object that's not basic, then it's not "basic".
An ARG is a military training exercise. It's basically a training exercise where the military gets together and decides what they're going to do in the event of an emergency. 

In the case of an ARG, it's a scenario where a group of soldiers are going to be sent out into the field for a training mission, and they're not going to come back to their base until they've done the mission.

The idea is that the soldiers will be given a list of things they need to do, and when they get back to base, they'll be given instructions on how to do
I think it has to do with the conductor. Classical orchestras use sheet music and conductors, whereas other musical acts such as rock bands play from memory.
Plants use a pigment called chlorophyll. 

Chlorophyll is a type of pigment that absorbs and reflects light.  It is the main part of the plant's photosynthetic system.  The other pigments are called carotenoids.  They are used as accessory pigments to help the plant absorb and reflect light.

Carotenoid are red, orange, or yellow tetraterpenoids and xanthophylls.
When you break a bone, it doesn't matter which part of the bone it breaks, it hurts.

If you break your arm, the pain is caused by the nerve endings in your arm being damaged. If you break the bone in your leg, it's because the nerves in the leg are damaged.
Bob Saget got his reputation as being a perverted old maniac because he was a pedophile.  He was known for doing things that were considered "out of the norm" in the 70s and 80s.

He was also known for being a bit of a prude.  In the 80s and 90s, he was the star of a show called Full House.  It was a show about a family that was very wholesome, and he played the father of the family.  The show was a hit, and Saget was a big part of the show.
Methane is the second most potent greenhouse gas in the atmosphere, after CO2. It has a global warming potential 296 times larger than an equal mass of carbon dioxide and it also contributes to stratospheric ozone depletion.
It is safe to keep foods such as cake, pastries and bread at room temperature for days when they contain ingredients (such as milk/egg/butter) which should be kept refrigerated. 

However, it is not safe to refrigerate milk, eggs, and butter for days because they contain bacteria and other microorganisms that can cause disease.
A "shill" is a person who sells something or serves biased interests, using pushy or showy tactics. 

For example, if you are a sports fan, and you want to buy a ticket to a game, you might go to a local sports bar, and the guy selling the tickets will tell you that he is a "sports shill" and that he will sell you tickets to the game.

If you're a business owner, you may want to hire a sports shill to help you sell your company's products and services.
It's called "phantom vibration syndrome" and it's caused by the fact that your brain thinks you're falling from a really high place. 

Your brain sends a signal to your vestibular system in your inner ear telling you that you're going to fall, and your brain interprets that as a tingling feeling in your genitals.
It's not a measure of how much money each candidate has raised, it's a measurement of how close they are to winning the election. 

If a candidate is ahead in the polls, they have to raise more money than the next closest candidate.  If they are behind, they need to spend more money.
It's not just CGI, it's the actors and the special effects crew. 

There's a lot of special effects work that goes into a fight scene, but it's not all CGI.

The actors are trained to move in a certain way, and they have to be able to do it in a way that makes it look real.  They have to move their arms and legs in the way they're supposed to move, and their faces have to look like they're actually moving.  It's not that they're doing it wrong, but they're not doing it the right way.
I'm not sure what you're talking about. 

Lohan has been in the public eye for a long time, but she's not relevant anymore.  It's not like she's famous enough to be relevant anymore to be able to afford that kind of lifestyle.
It's not that bad movies can't be deemed bad before they're released, it's that they can be. 

If a movie is bad before it's released, people will be able to tell if it's a bad movie before they see it, and if they're able to do that, then they'll know that it's bad.
Silicon has a high melting point, which means that it conducts electricity better than other semiconductors. This means that when it gets hotter, it becomes more conductive, allowing more current to flow through the semiconductor, which leads to overheating.
Chocolate is made up of a bunch of tiny little balls of sugar and fat. When you heat it up, you're changing the shape of the molecules in the chocolate, which causes them to change their shape. 

When you put chocolate in the fridge, you are changing the structure of the chocolate molecules, which makes them more stable and less likely to break down.

Chocolate has a very high melting point, which means that if you put it in the refrigerator for a long time, it will melt faster than if it's kept in the microwave.
It doesn't prevent bombs from being hidden in laptops, but it does make it harder for someone to steal them. 

If you have a laptop in your carry-on bag, you can't take it with you to the airport and try to steal it.
Molecules are made up of a bunch of molecules, and they are all bound to each other. 

If you want to know how elasticity works, you need to look at the structure of the molecules themselves.

The structure of a molecule is determined by the amount of energy it has.  If you take a molecule and put it on a piece of paper, you can see that it is bound to the paper, but if you put a load on it, it will deform and then return to its original shape.  This is because the molecules are bound together in such a way that they
The ball is made up of a bunch of charged particles. 

When a lightning bolt hits the ground, it creates a voltage difference between the ground and the air above it.  This causes the air around it to become more electrically charged, which causes it to form a ball.
Humans can't "adapt" to their environment. 

We can, but we can't do it the same way as other animals.

A birds beak changing shape because of what it eats is not an adaptation.  It's a genetic mutation.  A bird's beak doesn't change because of the food it eats, it changes because it has a mutation that causes it to change shape.
Calculus is a system of mathematics that deals with the relationship between numbers. 

Let's say you want to know how long it takes for a car to go from 0 to 100 mph.  You have a car, you have a number x, and you know how fast it is going, but you don't know how far away it is.  So you need to figure out how fast the car is going.

You can do this by multiplying x and dividing it by x.  If you multiply x by x and divide by x, you get x. If you divide by y, you
It's not that they don't want people to make mods, it's that they're afraid that they'll be sued for copyright infringement. 

There are a lot of games out there that are successful because of modding, but not all of them.
Absolute space is the idea that there is nothing in space that can't be further divided into smaller and smaller pieces. 

Think of it like this:

Imagine you have a piece of paper, and you want to write something on it.

You write "I am in space".

Now, if you take that paper and put it on the ground, you can see that you are in space. But if you put it in the air, you will see that the paper is not in space at all, and that the air will not be able to be further split into smaller pieces
We can, but we can't yet replicate the composition of expensive aged drinks like old Whiskey and Cognac.  

Whiskey is made by distilling grain alcohol, which is a very complex process that requires a lot of time and expense.  It takes a long time for the grain to be distilled, and it takes time for it to age in the barrels.

Cognac, on the other hand, is made from the same grain, but it's aged in a different way.  Cognac is aged in oak barrels, which are used to preserve the flavor and aromas
I think it's because they were seen as not very good when they came out. 

Waterworld was a huge hit at the box office, but it wasn't a huge success in other areas.

Boomerang was a big hit in the UK, but was not as well received in the US.
Copper is a soft metal, which means that it is easier for electrons to pass through. 

Electrons are attracted to the electrons because they are free to travel through the lattice of the metal.  When they do this, they are attracted towards the electrons at the ends of the wire.

Copper has a higher thermal conductivity than other metals, which is why it is used in a lot of electrical applications.  It is also more malleable than other materials, which makes it easier to bend and stretch. 


When an electric field is applied to a copper wire,
Soap does not affect your skin cells under the skin.  It is a surface antibacterial, but it does affect the cells on the surface of your skin.

Antibacterial soaps are used to remove bacteria from your skin, but they do not damage the cells under it.
There are a lot of Republicans running for President. 

There are many reasons.

1. The Republican Party is a very small party.  It is the party of Ronald Reagan, George Bush, and George W. Bush.  They are the two most powerful men in the country.  The party is also the party that has been in power for the last 50 years.  So there are lots of people who want to run for President, but they don't have the money to do so.  Also, the party is very small, so they are not as well funded as the Democrats.
I think it has to do with the size of the pants. 

In men's pants, the waist measurement is based on the "waist circumference" and the "inseam" (distance from the waist to the hem of the pant).

Women's pants are measured by the "inseam", which is the distance from the hem to the waist.

So, if you wear a pair of pants with a 36 waist, and a 36 inseam, you're wearing a 36C. 


In women's pants the waist circumference is measured in inches, and the in
I'm not sure what you mean by procrastinating sleep, but I think it has something to do with your circadian rhythm. 

Your circadian rhythm is set by your body's circadian rhythm, which is the cycle of waking up, going to sleep, and going back to sleep.

When you go to bed at night, your body has to adjust to the fact that you're not going to be able to wake up as early as you'd like, so it takes a while for your body to get used to the idea that it's time for sleep.
IQ is a measure of how well you understand things. 

For example, if you have an IQ of 120, you are considered to be above average at reading, writing, and arithmetic.

If you have a IQ of 130, you're considered average at math, but you're below average at speaking, writing and abstract reasoning. 


You're also below average in verbal reasoning, but above average in spatial reasoning and working memory, so you're classified as "average" at this level.


This means that you're not as good at abstract reasoning as you think you are.
When you're drunk, your inner ear is telling your brain that your head is spinning, but your eyes are telling you that it's not.

Your vestibular system, which is the part of your brain responsible for keeping your balance, tells your eyes that you're moving, and your visual system tells your brain you're not. 

When you drink too much alcohol, the fluid in your inner ears stops working properly and your brain starts sending conflicting signals to your eyes, causing you to feel dizzy.
It's because film is shot at a very low frame rate. The film is cranked by a hand crank rather than a motor, which causes the film to crank at a constant rate. This means that the film is constantly changing frame rate, which is why 24fps is the standard.
Nuclear weapons are a security issue, not a political issue. 

There is no such thing as a "right" to have nuclear weapons.  It is a matter of national security.  The only thing that can be decided is who gets to decide.

The United States and Russia have signed the Nuclear Non Proliferation Treaty (NPT), which prohibits the production and stockpiling of nuclear weapons by any country.  This treaty was signed in the wake of the end of World War II, and was ratified by the UN Security Council in 1945.  After the war, the NPT was ratified
Your hair is made up of pigments called melanin. Melanin is the pigment that gives your hair its color. When you grow older, your body stops producing melanin, and your hair starts to lose its pigmentation.
When you're upside down, your spinal cord is compressed, and the nerves on both sides of the spinal cord are compressed. 

When your body is upright, the blood vessels in your neck and spine are open, so the blood is able to flow to your brain.

If you are upside down for a long period of time, the pressure on your spinal cords can cause them to constrict, which can lead to paralysis.
It's a relay. 

A relay is a device that connects the car horn to a transmitter.  The transmitter is connected to the car, and the car's horn is connected back to the transmitter.

The car horn has a diaphragm that has an electromagnet acting on it in one direction and a spring pulling in the opposite direction.  When you push a button on the horn, the spring pulls the spring in the other direction, which causes the spring to spring back out the other way.  If you press a switch on the car (or any other device), the
Your junk mail filter works by looking at the number of times you've opened an email in the last month. 

If you have a lot of junk mail in your inbox, your spam filter will be able to tell which emails are junk and which are not.

The more junk you have, the more likely you are to delete them.
They don't take collateral because they don't want to get screwed if the other country defaults. 

If they did, they would have to pay interest on the money, which would be a lot of money.
The Romans used to have a 12-month year. 

They used to use the Julian calendar, which was based on the Roman calendar.  They used to divide the year into 12 months, but they decided to add an extra day to the end of the year to make it a 12 month year.
Cones and pyramids are dihedral. They have a dihedral angle of 2π/3, which is 1/3 of the volume of a cylinder or prism.
Electrostatics is the study of electrical potentials. 

Imagine you have a piece of metal and you want to make an electric current.

The metal is made up of a bunch of electrons, and the electrons are arranged in a way that they are aligned with a magnetic field.  The magnetic field causes the electrons to form a chain, and this chain is aligned with an electric field, which causes a current to flow through the metal.
I think it has to do with the fact that your body doesn't get used to drinking alcohol the day after. 

Your body is used to it being drunk the night before, so your body has a hard time getting used to the taste and smell of it.
Emergency brake is when the car detects that the brakes are not working properly and automatically applies the emergency brake. 

Normal brake works by depressing a master cylinder.  When the master cylinder is depressed, it pushes the air out of the car.

Emergency brake uses a bellows to open the brake when it is safe to do so.
We are looking into the night sky, but we are not looking into outer space. We are looking at the Milky Way galaxy, which is the center of the universe. 

If you look at the sky from the ground, you can see a lot of stars, but you can't see all of them. Clouds of gas and dust would block the vision in many directions.
He's 90 years old. 

He's not going to die of brain cancer, he's going to live a long life.
Boltzmann's brain is a fully formed brain, complete with memories of a full human life in our universe, that we don't know about. 

It's a very simple concept, but it's very important to understand.

Let's say you have a bunch of atoms floating around in a vacuum.  You can't see them, but you can feel them.  If you look at them, you can see that they're all moving around, but they're not all moving in the same direction.  They're moving in different directions, and they're moving at different speeds.
It's not that you "will" to be more awake and alert, it's that your body has a limit to how much energy it can use. 

When you're sleep deprived, your body uses up a lot of energy.  Your body is trying to get rid of excess glucose (glucose is the sugar in your blood) so that you don't get dehydrated.  When you're awake, you're trying to make sure your body doesn't run out of glucose, so your body needs to make more glucose to keep you alive.

Your body can't make enough glucose to
I think it's because black people are more likely to be victims of interracial violence than white people. 

Black on black crime is a very real issue, but it's not something that's talked about as much as it is about white on white crime.
In Spanish and French, the grammatical gender of a noun is determined by the suffix "-o" or "-a" for masculine and "-as" for feminine. 

In English, it's based on the meaning of the noun.

For example, if you want to say "I love you" in English, you have to use the suffix -as, which is masculine, and -a is feminine.
Value is the amount of money a person is willing to pay for a product or service.

Cost is the cost of producing the product. 

If you want to sell something for $10,000, you have to pay $100,000 for it.  If you sell it for $20,000 and you make $10K, you will make $20K. 


The difference between value and cost is that value is a measure of how much you are willing to spend to get the benefit of the product, while cost is the measure of what the product is worth to you.
Chemical analysis is the process of determining the chemical composition of a substance. 

First, you need to take a sample of the substance and determine what it is made of.

Then, you have to determine what the ingredients are.  This is usually done by measuring the amount of each of the ingredients in the sample and comparing it to other samples. 


If the sample is too small or too large, you can use a chemical analyzer to determine how much of each ingredient is present in the substance, and if it is too large or too small, you use a mass spectrometer
Shampoo is made up of water and surfactants. Surfactants are molecules that stick to the surface of a liquid, and when they are dissolved in water, they form bubbles. 

When you shampoo your hair, the surfactant is dissolved in the water, and the bubbles form. When you rinses your hair after shampooing, you remove the foam.
It's not that they don't get paid, it's that they get paid ridiculously high. 

Coaches make a lot of money.  They get paid a lot because they are the face of the sport.  It's the same reason that NFL players get paid huge salaries.
He's too small to be a starting quarterback in the NFL.

He's not athletic enough to play the position. He's too short to be able to throw the ball down the field, he's too slow to run the ball, and he's not fast enough to catch the ball.
You can't. 

Hard drives are magnetic.  They have a magnetic platter that has a hole in it.  If you want to write data on it, you have to drill a hole into it.

Solid state drives (SSDs) are solid state memory.  This means that when you write data to them, you can't write it to the platter.  Instead, you write it into a series of tiny, tiny tracks.  These tracks are called "blocks".  When you write something to a solid state drive, the data is written to the track.  The
Jack White is a very talented artist. He has a very distinctive style of art, and is known for his use of color and texture. 

He is also a great storyteller, and has a great sense of humor.
Shorter passwords are easier to crack because they have more possible combinations of letters, numbers, and special characters. 

Longer passwords have less possible combinations, so they are harder to crack.
Medicine is a food.

Food is food. 

Medical food is a medicine.
Neoliberalism is a term used to describe the economic policies of the United States. 

Liberals believe that the government should be limited in its power to regulate the economy, and that the market should be free to operate.

Neoliberals, on the other hand, believe that governments should be able to intervene in the economy to make sure that the economy is functioning properly, and to prevent people from exploiting the system.
It's not inherently bad for us. It's just that the brain has evolved defenses to prevent us from getting addicted to it. 

If you want to be healthy, you need to eat a lot of food.  If you don't eat enough, you'll get sick and die. If you eat too much, you won't be able to get enough nutrients and you'll die.

The same goes for drugs.  They're not inherently good for us, they're just bad for you.
The means of production are the things we use to make things. 

For example, if you want to make a car, you need to have a car.  You need a car that can be driven.  It needs to be powered by electricity, and it needs to have gas to run the engine.

If you want a computer, you have to have access to a computer.  The computer needs electricity to run it.  So you need a computer that can run the computer, and the computer needs a computer to run that computer, so you need the computer to make the computer.
Tire treads are a series of grooves cut into the road surface.  The grooves are designed to allow water to flow out of the road and into the tread.  When the road is wet, the grooves cause the road to deform, which causes the tread to deform.  This deforms the tread and causes it to push against the road.  

The more surface area a tire has, the more friction it has with the ground.  If the tread is too small, the less friction it will have with the road, and the less it will be able to do with the
It's called the "birthday paradox". 

Imagine you have a group of 23 people.  You have a 50% chance that at least two of them have the same birthday.  If you look at the probability of that happening, you'll see that it's 50% if you count the number of people who were born on the same day.

If you divide the group by 23, you get 50% of the chance that two people share a birthday.
It's not illegal to play other peoples music in public, it's illegal to use other people's music without a license.

It's legal to play your own music, but not to play others' music.
I think it has to do with the fact that you're biting your nails. 

When you chew your nails, you're chewing on the surface of the nail, which is a very sensitive area of your gums.  When you chew on your nail, you are chewing on a part of the gums that is sensitive to pain.  This is why it's so addictive.
I'm not sure what they would do if they were put on house arrest, but I'm assuming they would be put in a mental institution.
The number of tax brackets is not the appeal. 

The appeal is that the higher the tax rate, the more money the government is going to be able to collect from people.  The more money that the government can collect, the less it has to spend on things like food, housing, healthcare, etc.

If you have $100,000 in taxable income, and you pay a tax rate of 35% on it, you're going to get $1.5 billion in revenue.  That's a lot of money.  If you have a $100k income, but you pay
A hard drive is made up of a bunch of tiny bits of metal that are connected to each other.  

A solid state drive (SSD) is a solid state storage device, which means that it doesn't need to be connected to any of those tiny bits to store data.  It doesn't even need to contain any moving parts to store the data, it just needs to be able to read and write.

When you have a hard drive full of information, you're storing it in a very small amount of space, so it's not going to weigh as much as if it were
Your credit score is based on how much money you have in your bank account, how much debt you have, and how much interest you have on your credit cards.

Your score is a measure of your ability to pay off your debt. 

If you have a credit score of 300, you are considered to have a good credit history.  If you have no credit history, you're considered to be a bad credit risk.  The higher the score, the better the credit history and the higher the probability that the loan will be repaid on time.
We don't know. 

We know that there is water on Mars, but we don't really know where it is. 


_URL_0_
Jury nullification is a constitutional right, not a legal right.  It is not a right that a judge has the right to grant to a jury.  The right to nullify a law is a right of the people, not of a judge.  

Juries are supposed to be independent, not part of the legal system.  If a judge tells a jury that the law is unconstitutional, the jury is supposed to decide whether or not it is unconstitutional.
If the Russians dropped a nuclear bomb on the Yellowstone super volcano, it would cause a lot of damage to the surrounding area, but not enough to cause a major eruption. 

If they were able to detonate the bomb, they would be able to shut down the nuclear power plant and the nuclear reactors there, which would prevent any further eruptions.
Time is a measure of the amount of time it takes for something to happen. 

If you're walking down the street, you are walking at the speed of light.  If you're standing still, you're moving at the same speed.

But if you're going up a hill, your speed is increasing, so your time is increasing as well.  This is called "time dilation".  It's caused by the fact that when you're at a certain height, your time dilation slows down.  You're moving up the hill, but you're not moving as fast as you
Triangles in non-euclidian math are not triangles, they are polygones.

A polygon is a polygon with two sides that are tangent to a particular circle, called its incircle. 

In Euclidean geometry, a triangle is a regular polygon, with two side lengths equal to the circumference of the circle, and two angles equal to each of its sides.
Nibiru is an asteroid.  It is a giant rock that is about the size of a football field.  The reason it is so big is because it is in the middle of the solar system.  When the sun passes through the sun, it creates a magnetic field that causes it to orbit around the sun.  This magnetic field causes the sun to orbit the sun in a way that causes the earth to orbit it.  

When the earth orbits it, the earth's gravity pulls it towards the sun and the sun is pulled away from the earth, causing it to move towards the earth.
The pupil is the part of your eye that controls the diameter of the iris. When it is dilated, it allows more light to enter your eye.
I'm not sure what you mean by "antiseptic". 

Antibacterial hand sanitizer works by killing 99.9% of all bacteria on your hands, but it doesn't kill 99% of the germs on your skin.  It's not that it's 100% effective, it's just that it kills 99.99% of germs.

The reason surgeons need to wash their hands for an extend period of time is because they have to keep their hands clean for hours at a time.  If they don't, they're not going to be able to do their
I think it's because they don't want to have to deal with copyright issues. 

If you want to sell a physical copy of a game, you have to go to a physical store and pay for the physical copy.

Steam is a digital distribution platform, so you don't have to worry about that.
A mediocre conductor is someone who doesn't know how to properly conduct an orchestra. 

An elite conductor is a conductor who knows how to conduct a large orchestra.

The difference between a mediocre orchestra conductor and an elite conductor
I think it has to do with the way your vocal cords work. 

Your vocal cords are connected to the larynx, which is the part of your throat that controls your voice.  You can control your voice by using the muscles in your throat, but you can also use them to move your vocal chords.  Your vocal cords can also be used to make different sounds.  For example, if you are a tenor, you can use your chest voice to make a higher pitched note, but if you're a bass, you use your head voice to produce a lower pitched note.
A return ticket on a train or bus is usually sold at a higher price than a single. 

The reason is that the price of a return ticket is determined by the number of people who are on board the train.

If there are more people on board than there are seats available, then the cost of the return ticket goes up.
Laser beams travel at the speed of light. 

If the laser is aimed at something, it will hit it.  If it's aimed at the ground, it won't hit anything.  It will bounce off the ground.
Perpetual motion is defined as the constant orbit of electrons around the nucleus of an atom. 

Perpetually motion is when the orbit of an electron is not constant.

The constant orbit is defined by the fact that the electron has a dipole moment of 1, which is the same as the spin of the nucleus.  This means that the electrons are always in the same orbit.
Assault is when you force someone to do something they don't want to do.

Rape is when a person is forced to do it.
I think it has to do with the way the food is prepared and the way it is prepared.  When you make the food, you are using a lot of different ingredients.  If you make it yourself, you're not going to be able to make it the same way as someone else.  You're going to use different spices, different ingredients, and different methods of cooking.  

_URL_0_
An API is a set of instructions that a computer program can use to communicate with another computer program.

For example, let's say you want to send a text message to a friend. You can do this by saying:

_URL_0_

Your friend has an API-key that tells you how to send the message to your friend, and how to receive the message. 

If you have an API key, you can use it to get the text message, but you can't send it directly to the friend, you have to send it to the server, and the server
Kraft macaroni and cheese is processed in a lot of different ways. Some of them are processed so well that they don't need to be refrigerated, and some are processed in such a way that they need to refrigerated for a long time before they go bad.
Intermittent fasting is when you don't eat for 16-20 hours a day. 

The idea is that you eat less calories than you normally do, but you still get enough calories to maintain your weight.

It's not recommended for people who are overweight, obese, or underweight.
Your brain has a lot of synapses in different parts of your brain. When you sleep, you're not using them as much as you would if you were awake. 

When you're awake, your brain uses them as a place to store information.  When you're asleep, they're not storing information as much.  Your brain doesn't need to store as much information as it does when you are awake.
Diesel engines do not need spark ignition, they can run as long as diesel fuel is available.

Gasoline engines do require spark ignition to start up, diesel engines don't.
I think it's because the monarchy is a symbol of power and tradition. 

It's not that people don't like royalty, it's just that they don't want to be seen as royalty.
When a cat stomps around in it's litter box doesn't it transfer fecal matter, urine, bacteria, etc. to other surfaces.  

If it does, it's because the cat is trying to get rid of it.
It doesn't. 

If you stir it, you're actually increasing the surface area through which the water evaporates, which causes it to lose heat faster.
It's called optical character recognition (OCR). 

Basically, you take an image of a text and scan it.  It's scanned using a special optical character reader.  The reader reads the letters and words in the image, and then compares them to a list of possible words.  If it finds a word that matches the word in the picture, it converts it into text.

If it doesn't find a word, it uses a dictionary of words that match the image.  For example, if you look at a picture of a sign, you'll see that it's written in English
I'm not sure what you mean by "scared sober". 

When you're drunk, your brain doesn't know what's going on around you.  You're not aware of what's happening around you, so you don't know how to react to it.

But when you're sober, you're aware of everything around you and you know what is going on.  So you can react to things around you in a way that you wouldn't be able to when you were drunk.  For example, if you're in the middle of a fight with a drunk guy, you can't
The 6 degrees of separation is the distance between the center of mass of the earth and the centre of mass (the center of gravity) of the Earth. 

It's a line that connects all the points on a map that have the same temperature at the same time.
Water pressure in modern skyscrapers is controlled by a system of pipes that are connected to a water tower on the top of the building. The water tower is fed by a pump and a relatively high pressure line that carries water to the upper floors. 

When you have a high enough pressure line, the water pressure increases because the pressure in the pipes is higher than the pressure at the bottom of the pipe.

This is because the water is being pumped up and down the pipes at a very high pressure.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it has something to do with the fact that you're not used to eating the same food for a while. 

When you eat a lot of food, you get used to the taste and texture of it, and your body gets used to it. When you don't eat it for a long time, you start to get sick of it.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it has to do with the fact that Firefly was cancelled due to poor sales. 

It was cancelled because of poor sales, not because of a lack of interest in the series. 


It's not that the series was a failure, it's that it was not a good fit for the times.  It's not like it was a bad game, it was just a bad time to make a game.
There is a limit to how many new chemical elements we could discover/create, or could we keep doing so indefinitely? Is this even known?
Nuclear power was a good thing.  It was cheaper than coal, and it was clean.

The problem with nuclear power is that it is a dirty energy source.  Coal and natural gas are cheaper than nuclear power, and they have been for decades.  The problem is that the cost of operating a nuclear power plant is much higher than natural gas, so they have to spend a lot of money to keep it running.
Your computer clock is not connected to the internet.

It is connected to a device called a "timekeeper".  It is a device that keeps track of the time.  It has a digital clock that is controlled by a software program.  This program is called the "TOD clock".

TOD clocks are a piece of software that monitors the time in real time, and can tell you what time it is.  If you have a clock that hasn't been turned on for 5 years and has never been connected to internet, it will not be able to tell the difference between the time it
Lemon oil contains saponin, which is a naturally occurring chemical that has antibacterial properties. 

Lemon is naturally a cleanser because it has a high rideal–Walker coefficient, a measure of antimicrobial potency, which means that it kills bacteria and viruses.
Bach's music is very mathematical. 

He used the golden ratio and the Fibonacci numbers in his music.

The golden ratio is the ratio of the number of notes per octave.  It's a measure of how many times a note can be played in an octave, and it's the ratio that determines the pitch of the music.  The ratio is 1:1:1, which means that if you want to play a piece of music in a certain scale, you need to play it in the same way as you played it in a different scale.  This means that
When you inhale the gas from a whipped cream can, you're inhaling nitrous oxide. Nitrous oxide is a highly reactive gas, meaning that it reacts with water to form bubbles. When you exhale it, the bubbles expand and form foam.
AT&T is a monopoly.  

Cricket Wireless is an independent company.  They are not a part of AT&T, they are an MVNO (mobile virtual network operator).  They do not have a contract, they do not sell their own service, they sell it through their own stores, and they sell their service to other companies.

They are also not a monopoly, they have a distribution network.  AT & T is the one that owns the network, and Cricket Wireless is the MVNO.  This means that they are able to sell their services to other carriers
It's not libel, it's slander.

Slander is when someone says something so blatantly false that it hurts the reputation of another person. 

Libel is when you say something so maliciously that it damages someone's reputation.
It depends on the type of item. 

If you're talking about things like clothes, shoes, or electronics, Amazon will ship them to you as soon as they are ordered.  If you are talking about items like toilet paper, they will ship it to you the same day.
Salmonella is a foodborne illness caused by bacteria that live in the food you eat. 

Cookie dough contains a lot of bacteria, and it's not safe to eat it raw.
We could, but it would take a long time. 

First, we would need to find a planet with a sufficiently dense atmosphere to be able to sustain life.

Second, it would have to be in the habitable zone of the star.  This is the area of the solar system where life is most likely to be found.  It's a very small area of space, so it would be difficult for us to find such a planet.  There are a lot of planets out there that are in this zone, but we don't know if they are habitable or not.
We don't know. 

There are a lot of things we can't know for sure, but there are a few things we know for certain.

First, we know that we are in constant contact with each other.  We can see each other, we can hear each other's voices, and we can read each others' faces.  This means that we can see what's going on in other people's lives.  It also means that if something happens to one of us, it will happen to everyone else.  If we don't see it happen to us, then it won't
When you throttle the engine, you are increasing the pressure in the cylinders.  This causes the pressure to build up in the cylinder, which causes the piston to push down on the valves.  When you stop throttling, the pressure builds up again, and the pressure is released.

When you start up the engine again, you increase the pressure again, but this time the pressure doesn't build up as much.  Instead, it builds up as the piston pushes against the valves, causing them to push back against the cam.  

This causes the cam to push against the rocker arms,
I'm not sure what they would do if she refused to come back down. 

If she didn't want to come down, they would send another astronaut to take her place.
It's not that they can't, it's that they don't want to. 

Mars is not a place where you can go directly to the source of the water.  It's a place with a lot of geological features that would make it impossible for a rover to go directly there.

There's also the issue of contamination.  If you go to Mars, you're going to contaminate the surface with whatever you're looking for, and you're not going to be able to tell if there's water there.
The poison is still in the spider's body, but it has been absorbed by the body. 

The venom is still there, it's just not as strong as it used to be.
I think it has to do with the fact that maps are made by people who don't know exactly what the country should look like. 

When you look at a map, you're looking at a picture of the world, and you're seeing the world as it is.  You're not looking at it as a map of a country, but as an image of a world.

If you know what the world looks like, you can easily spot when a country is drawn incorrectly.  If you don't, it's hard for you to tell.
Index funds are a way to track the performance of a group of stocks.  

The S&P 500 is a broad market index of 500 companies.  It's a very broad index, so you don't need to know all of the stocks in the index to track its performance.  If you look at the index, you can see that it has a lot of different types of stocks in it.  For example, the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) is a large index of stocks that cover a wide range of industries.  The Dow Jones 500 is the broadest index of all the
Hair is made up of pigments called melanin. Melanin is the pigment that makes up your hair. When you get older, your hair starts to lose its pigmentation, and it turns gray.
It's a combination of many factors. 

1. The continent is in the middle of the world, so there is a lot of natural resources that can be exploited, but it's not developed enough to produce enough to feed the population.

2. There is a huge amount of land in Africa that is uninhabited, so it's very difficult to develop the infrastructure needed to do so. 


3. There are a lot more people in Africa than there are in the US, so they have to work harder to produce the same amount of food.
Virus scanners look for patterns in the code of the virus. If they find a pattern in a file, they know it's a virus.

If it's not a pattern, they don't know what it is, but they know that it's part of the code.
Because it's easier to use. 

A car's steering wheel is much easier to control than a motorbike handle or a jet joystick.

It's also easier to keep your hands on the wheel than a handle.
Because it's easier to compare your score to your peers.  

If you take the LSAT, and you get a score of 100, you're in the top 10% of your class, but if you take it, you'll be in the 90th percentile.  If you take a test like the MCAT, or the SAT, and your score is in the 95th percentile, you won't be able to get into the top 20% of the class.
Some stretch marks are purple, some are silver. 

Stretch marks are caused by damage to your skin.  When you get a stretch mark, your body is trying to get rid of a foreign substance.  This foreign substance is called melanin.  Melanin is the pigment that makes your skin look blue.  It is a pigment that is produced by your skin cells.

When your skin is damaged, it loses some of its ability to produce melanin, which is the color of the stretch mark.  So, when your skin gets damaged, the melanin is not able to produce
I think it has to do with the fact that the brain doesn't fully develop until the end of the first trimester, which is when the brain is still developing. 

When you're a baby, you're still developing your nervous system, so your brain is not fully developed yet.

But when you're older, your brain starts to develop, and you start to learn more and more about the world around you.
It means that much of the ocean is unexplored, but not all of it. 

For example, if you go to the bottom of the sea, you can't see the bottom, but you can see the surface.

If you go into the deep sea, there is a lot of water, but it's not as deep as you think.
I think it has to do with the fact that when you wake up in the morning, your brain is still processing the emotions from the night before. 

It's like waking up from a bad dream.
The price of oil has been dropping for a long time. 

In the past, when oil prices were high, there was a lot of speculation about the future supply of oil, which caused the price to go up.

Now, there is a lot less speculation, so the price is going down.
A-level exams are a series of tests that are designed to help you learn the basics of the subject you are studying. 

For example, if you want to know how to drive a car, you have to take a test.

The A-level exam is designed to teach you the basic concepts of the car, but it is also a test to see how well you know the mechanics of the vehicle. 


If you are interested in the mechanics, you can read about it here: _URL_0_

_URL_1_
Tooth whitening is the process of removing the colouring of the enamel on your teeth. 

When you brush your teeth, you are removing the color of the plaque on your enamel, which is the layer of enamel that makes your teeth look white.

The process of bleaching your teeth is done by using hydrogen peroxide and heat.  The peroxide is used to remove the color from the plaque.  When you apply the peroxide, it causes the plaque to dissolve, which makes your tooth appear white.  This is why you can see your teeth as white as they
They don't get a check every week or month for life. They get paid based on the amount of time the song has been in the public eye. 

If a song is a hit, they get paid for every time it's played on the radio, TV, etc.
A retroreflector is a piece of reflective material that is curved in such a way that it reflects light back in the direction it came from. 

Think of it like a mirror.  When you look at a mirror, you can see the light coming from one side of the mirror, and the light is coming from the other side.  If you put a mirror on the ground, the light from the first side is reflected from the second side, but if you put the mirror on top of the first, you see that the light comes from the third side.

When you make a retroreflect
A 4th domain is a subdomain of the root domain. 

The root domain is the domain name system.  It is the place where all the information is stored.

A subdomain is a domain that is part of a larger domain, but is not part of that larger domain.
Dogs don't hyperventilate when they are panting.  They use their lungs to cool themselves down.  When they pant, they are using their nasal cavities to get rid of excess heat.
The moon is so far away that we can't see the lander or the footprints.
Google is testing their service in small markets because they want to see if they can get a foothold in the market before they expand. 

It's not like they're trying to make money, they're just trying to prove they can do it.
Richard is derived from the German word "Dick" which means "big and fat". 

Richard is also a Christian name, which is why it is shortened into "Dick".
Cigars do not reduce your lung size like cigarettes. Cigars are a lot more dense than cigarettes, so the amount of smoke you inhale is much larger.
The umbilical cord connects the fetus to the placenta, which is the organ that carries the nutrients and oxygen to the fetus.

When the fetus is in the womb, it is not able to breathe, so it needs to be pushed out of the womb. 

If the fetus was able to do this, it would not be able to survive.
Skin tone is determined by the amount of melanin in your skin. If you live near the equator, you have more melanin (the pigment that makes your skin darker) and therefore you are more likely to get sunburn and skin cancer.

If you live further north, you will have less melanin and therefore less sunburn.
You have a retirement account.  You pay taxes on the money you put into it.  

Your employer will match your contributions to your retirement account, and you can withdraw the money at any time.

If you have a defined contribution plan, you can take a lump sum of money and put it into the plan.  If you don't have one, you have to put it in a tax-free lump sum.  This is called a deferred retirement account (or DSA).

When you retire, you will get a check from the Social Security Administration (Social Security).
We can cook and eat spoiled foods, but we can't eat trashed foods. 

We can eat food that has been contaminated with bacteria and viruses, but not all food is safe to eat raw.

The US Food and Drug Administration has established a list of foods which are rarely consumed raw, and so cooking is recommended to kill microorganisms.
It's not that we can't take the picture in our head and simply put it on to the paper, what makes it so hard is that our brains are limited in their capacities, not all information from sensory memory can be conveyed. 

Imagine you have a piece of paper with a picture on it, and you want to write down what you see on the paper.  But you don't know how to write it down.  You don't even know what the picture is.  It's just a picture that's in your head.

If you were to take a picture of the paper and
The soles of your feet are cushioned by a layer of skin called the [plantar nerve](_URL_0_). The plantar nerve is the nerve that controls the movement of your first and second toes.

When you walk on sand, you are applying pressure to the plantar nerves, which causes them to fire.
Your muscles can't "fall asleep" during REM sleep, they are still being used by your brain.

REM sleep is a stage of sleep in which your brain shuts down the motor neurons in your spinal cord, which controls your muscles. When you are awake, your muscles are still working, but your brain is telling them to stop.
Menthol activates the same receptors in your skin that make you feel cold. 

When you drink warm water, your body releases chemicals that cause your blood vessels to constrict, which increases the temperature of your feet.

Your brain interprets this as a signal that your skin is getting cold, so it sends a signal to your brain that your feet need to be warmed up.
The salt in tears comes from the salivary glands in your eyes. Saliva is salty because it contains salt. Tears are salty because they contain salt.

_URL_0_
There are no giant flying creatures.

The reason for this is that the air in the atmosphere is very thin, and the air density is very high. 

This means that there is very little air for a large animal to fly in, so they have to use their wings to push the air out of the way. 

 >  Air resistance per unit mass is also higher for smaller animals, which is why a small animal like an ant cannot be seriously injured from impact with the ground after being dropped from any height.
I think it has to do with the fact that a lot of people don't read the reviews. 

A lot of critics are paid by the studios to write positive reviews of movies.  They are paid to do so because they want to promote the movie.  If they write a negative review, then they are being paid to write negative reviews.

If a movie is a big hit, then the studio will pay them to write a positive review, because they know that it will get people to go see it.  But if it's not a hit, they don't want to pay people to
Java is a programming language that is written in Java. 

It is a language that can be used to run a lot of different things.  For example, if you want to make a video game, you can use the JVM to run it.  You can also use it to make an application that can run in parallel.

The JVM (Java Virtual Machine) is a set of instructions that you can run on your computer.  These instructions are called instructions.  The instructions are written in bytecode, which is a type of code that is compiled into bytecode.  When you
When you step onto a moving escalator, your brain automatically adjusts your posture and gait to keep up with the movement of the steps. When the escalator is not moving, you don't have to adjust your posture or gait as much, so your brain doesn't adjust as much.
Thunder is caused by lightning. 

Lightning creates a shockwave in the air.  When it hits the ground, it causes the air to expand, which causes it to vibrate.

When the air is close to the lightning, the shockwave is smaller, so it doesn't travel as far.  But when it is far away, it travels as far as you can hear it.
I'm not sure how he got so much power at such a young age, but I think it has something to do with the fact that he's a billionaire. 

He's a very wealthy guy.  He's got a lot of money, he's very well connected, and he's been in business for a long time, so he's got access to a large amount of money.

The problem is that he doesn't have the kind of education that most people do.  It's not like he's going to go to a university, or get a job, or anything like that.
It would be cheaper and safer in the long run (less "complications") to have them work reasonable hours/ not rotate day/night shift?
Depression is caused by a lot of things. 

1. Stress

2. Genetics

3. Age

4. Environment

5. Mental illness

6. Time

There's a lot more to it than that, but I think it's a combination of all of those.

I'm not a doctor, so I don't know the exact science behind it, but there are a few theories about it, and I'm going to try to explain it as best I can, but it's important to note that it's not a single thing.  It
I think it has to do with the fact that pre-orders are a waste of time and money.  

When you buy a game, you're buying it in advance of the release date.  You don't want to wait until the day it comes out to play it, you want to get it as soon as possible.  Pre-ordering is a way for the developer to get the word out that they're making a game.  It's a way to get people to buy the game before it's released.
Glass screen protectors are made of a material that is strong enough to withstand the force of an impact. Plastic screens are made out of plastic, so they don't have that kind of strength.
The AHCA is a piece of legislation that would make it easier for insurance companies to deny coverage to people with pre-existing conditions. This is a big deal because insurance companies have a lot of money to lose if they don't have coverage. 

Also, the AHCA would be a huge blow to the economy, which is why it was so important to get it passed by today.
Your computer knows how much time or percentage is left in a download or installation. 

Your computer has a device called a modem.  It connects to the internet and connects to a server.  The server sends a signal to your computer telling it how long it has been connected to the Internet.  Your computer then sends that signal back to the modem.
Insurance companies don't have to pay a premium to cover the probability of an insured event occurring.

Insurance is a contract between the insurance company and the insured.  The insurance company pays the insured for the right to have the insurance.  

The insurance company has to pay the premium.  If the insured doesn't pay the premiums, then the insurer has to assume the liability for the insured's out-of-pocket expenses until the insured pays the premiums.  This is called a "stop loss" policy.  It means that the insurer will pay the insured 100% of the cost
A microphone is a diaphragm.  It's basically a cone shaped device that vibrates to create sound waves.  The sound waves are picked up by an electromagnet, which is then converted to an electrical signal.

When you use a microphone, you're actually using a device called a loudspeaker.  A loudspeaker is a device that uses air pressure to create a sound wave.  When the air pressure changes, it vibrates the cone, and the electrical signal is converted into a signal.  This signal is then sent to a computer, which converts it into a digital signal.
The Chicxulub was not the sole cause of the extinction.  There are many theories about what caused it, but the consensus is that it was caused by a meteorite.  

There are two main theories:

1. The asteroid hit the earth's crust, which is a layer of rock that contains a lot of carbon dioxide.  Carbon dioxide is a byproduct of photosynthesis.  When the atmosphere is full of CO2, it's hard for plants to grow, so they die out.

2. The meteorite hit the ocean, which was full of sulfur dioxide
When you get hit in the head, your brain is compressed by the force of the impact. The pressure in your skull causes the blood vessels in your brain to constrict, causing you to go unconscious.
A second is a fraction of a second. 

It's a unit of time.  It's used to measure the passage of time from sunrise to sunset.

We use it because it's the most accurate way to measure time, and it's easy to keep track of.  If you look at a clock, you can see that the sun rises in the morning, sets in the evening, and sets at the end of the day.  You can also measure the time by looking at a sundial.  A sundial is a piece of metal that is attached to a pendulum that moves
It's because mirrors reflect light in such a way that, for incident light in some range of wavelengths, the reflected light preserves many or most of the detailed physical characteristics of the original light, called specular reflection. This is different from other light-reflecting objects that do not preserve much of the light, such as flat-white paint.
Hackers have been able to break into credit card databases for a long time, but they don't have the technical know-how to do it. 

Visa and MasterCard have a lot of security features in place to prevent them from being hacked, but it's not enough to stop hackers from breaking into their systems. 

 >  If nothing on the internet is safe, why haven't hackers attacked the Visa/Mastercard database?

It's not that the databases are safe, it's that they're not secure enough to prevent hackers from getting into them.

There are a lot
It's called the [Tensor tonic neck reflex](_URL_0_). It's a reflex that happens when you wake up from a deep sleep and your brain interprets it as a sign that you're falling out of a tree. 

When you're asleep, your muscles contract and relax, which causes your brain to think that you are falling off the edge of a cliff.  When you're waking up, your brain thinks you're still falling, so you jerk your neck to try to catch yourself.  This causes your muscles to contract, which makes it hard to clench your fists
They don't know. 

Rats don't have a sense of direction.  They don't even know what direction the ship is going to go, they just know it's going to sink.
I'm not an attorney, but I can give you a general idea of what you should look for.

If you are in a situation where you need a lawyer, you should go to a law firm that specializes in family law, divorce, estate planning, probate and probate law. 

These lawyers will be able to help you with things like:

1. Find a lawyer who specializes in your specific situation

2. Find an attorney who is willing to work with you

3. Find someone who will help you navigate the court system

4. Find somebody who will
It's called the cutaneous rabbit effect.

When you tap your skin, you're stimulating the nerve that controls your eyesight. This causes the nerve to send signals to your brain that tell it that something is there, and your brain interprets these signals as a "cutaneous rabbit" effect.
When you work out, your body releases a chemical called lactic acid. Lactic acid is a toxic waste product that caused the perception of pain at a delayed stage. 

When you exercise, the body releases this chemical, and it causes the muscles to contract, which causes the soreness.
It's because it's the shortest form of haiku. 

It's based on the 5-7-5-7 pattern, which is the shortest way to write a verse.

_URL_0_
If the world stopped spinning, gravity would affect everything a lot more due to the loss of the angular acceleration.

Think of it like this:

Imagine you're in an elevator. 

If you're going down the elevator, you're moving at the same speed as the rest of the world, but the elevator is moving at a different speed.  You're moving in the same direction, but you're traveling at different speeds.  If you stop moving, you'll be going at the speed of light, and the elevator will stop moving.  The elevator will slow down, and you'll
They didn't draw backgrounds perfectly every single time. 

Back in the olden days, the background was laid out on a piece of wax, and the animators would paint over it.

Then they would draw the background with a pencil, and then they would paint it over the wax.
They don't. 

They use a magnetic coupling between a magnet in the measuring chamber attached to the bottom of the measuring element and another magnetic coupling in the receiving end of the machine.

When you insert a coin into the machine, the magnet is magnetically attracted to the magnet, and the magnetic coupling is magnetized to the spinning wheel on the top of the vending machine.
When you drink alcohol, your body releases a hormone called acetylcholine, which causes your bladder to produce more urine. This hormone is produced by your kidneys, which is the part of your body that controls your urine production. When you drink too much alcohol, it causes your kidneys to produce too much urine.
The G20 is a group of 20 countries that are the leaders of the world's 20 largest economies. 

The group was formed in the early 20th century as a response to the rise of China and other emerging powers.  It was originally called the G7, but was later expanded to the G20.  The G20 was originally composed of the United States, the UK, Germany, France, Italy, Russia, China, Japan, and the United Kingdom.

In the early 2000s, China and Russia decided that they wanted to be part of the Group of 20.  They wanted
Helium has a very high molar mass, which causes it to vibrate differently in your vocal chords than air. 

When you inhale helium, you are changing the frequency of the vibrations in your voice, but not the pitch.

Your vocal chords are made up of a bunch of different molecules, and when you breathe in helium, some of those molecules are vibrating, and some of them aren't.  This is called the [Donald Duck effect](_URL_0_).

Helium is a very dense gas, so it vibrates differently in different parts of your vocal
Fire is the rapid oxidation of a material in the exothermic chemical process of combustion, releasing heat, light, and various reaction products.

Fire is hot because it burns, otherwise hot things don't burn.
When you turn the engine off, the air in the exhaust pipe is forced out of the engine. 

When the engine is running, there is a lot of air pressure in the engine, which causes the air to expand.  When the engine shuts off, this expansion is stopped, and the air is forced back into the engine through the intake pipe.

The sound you're hearing is the sound of the air being forced back through the pipe.
Humpbacks are not caused by the bludge at the top of the spine. The bludge is caused by a defect in the vertebrae that causes them to overhang the neck.
The discount rate is a measure of how much you're willing to pay for something in the future. 

Say you have $1,000 and you want to buy a house.  You have $10,000 in cash, but you don't know what you're going to do with it.  If you sell it for $100,000, you'll get $100 in cash.  But if you buy the house for $500,000 you'll have to pay $500 in interest.

If you sell for $5,000 today, you're getting $5 in interest, but
Because he is the son of the Prince of Wales, not the Queen.

He is the heir to the throne, not a prince.
The universe is infinitely large, so there is no way for light to travel all the way to the center of the universe. 

If the universe were infinitely large and there were infinite number of stars, then the light of all those stars would be enough to illuminate the entire universe.

However, the universe is expanding, and the stars are moving away from us, so the light we see is not coming from all of the stars.
I'm not sure what you mean by "can or can't do/can't do" but I think it depends on the jurisdiction. 

In the US, the prosecutor is the one in charge of the case, not the police officer. The prosecutor is not a judicial officer, nor do they participate in private deliberations of the court.  They are the one who decides whether or not to bring charges against the suspect.
I think it has to do with the fact that it's a Muslim group, not an Islamic State. 

The US government uses the term "Islamic State" to refer to the Islamic State, but the media uses "Daesh" for the same reason.
They were originally known as the Beastie Boys. 

They started out as a rap group called the Beasties.  They released a few singles and albums, but eventually decided to change their name to Insane Clown Posse.
Oprah Winfrey is one of the most powerful people in the world.  She's the queen of talk shows, she's the face of the entertainment industry, and she has a huge following. 

She's also a very successful author, and has written a number of books.  
 
She has a lot of influence on the media as well, as she is a very well-known public figure.  In fact, she is considered to be the best talk show host in the history of television.
I think it has to do with the fact that the posters are often used to promote the movie, not the other way around.
Calories are a measure of how much energy your body uses. Calories are used for energy production and energy storage. 

Exercise is used to burn energy.  Your body burns calories to generate heat.  Calories are burned to produce heat.

Calories can be used to heat up your body.  When you exercise, your body burns more calories than it uses to heat it up.  This is called thermogenesis.  It's a process that causes your body to burn more calories to produce more heat.
We didn't start smelting metal from rocks. 

We smelt it from the ground.

The first people to smelter metal were the Sinhalese, who lived in what is now China.  They used to grind up the rocks and turn them into fine powder.  Then they would burn them in a charcoal fire.
Our body temp is 98.6°F. 

When the environment around us becomes greater than ~85°F, we begin to feel uncomfortable.
Polar bears have been around for 600,000 years and have survived past periods of climate fluctuation. They are not in danger of extinction, but they are on the endangered species list due to expected climate change. 

Sea ice is the primary food source for polar bears, and they spend a lot of time on land waiting for new sea ice to form. When the ice melts, they have to swim farther to find food, and when they do, they die.
I think it's a combination of things. 

1. Your body is trying to get used to the activity you're doing.  When you're awake, your brain is constantly thinking about what you're going to do when you go to bed.  Your brain wants to know what's going on in your head, so it's trying to keep you awake.

2. Your brain is also trying to make sure you don't fall asleep while you're in the middle of an activity.  This is why you can fall asleep when you're sitting in a chair, but you can't when you
When you're drunk, your brain slows down the movement of your eyes, which causes them to focus on one eye. When you close one eye, the brain can focus on the other, which is why you can see clearer.
Wikipedia is not an academic source.  It is an online encyclopedia.  

It is not a source of information.  The people who edit it are the people who write the articles.  They are the ones who decide what is true and what is not true.  If you want to know about something, you go to Wikipedia.  You don't need to go to an academic institution to find out.
It's not a hamburger without cheese. It's called a "hamburger" because that's what it's called in Germany.
They don't. 

There are a lot of factors that go into it.

1. The cost of operating a business is very high.  
2. The amount of money a business has to spend to operate is very low.  If you have a business that costs $100,000 to operate, you need to spend $50,000 a year to run it.  This means that you have to spend a lot more money than you have in order to keep the business running.
3. You have to pay your employees enough to cover their wages.  You need to pay
Cancer is a cancer of the cells in your body.  It can be spread to other parts of your body as well.
Stimulants and depressants affect the same neurotransmitters in the brain.

Dopamine and norepinephrine are two of the most important chemicals in your brain. When you take a stimulant, your brain is flooded with dopamine and epinephrine, which is a neurotransmitter that makes you feel good, but is also a depressant. 

When you take an anti-depressant, you're also flooding your brain with serotonin, which causes you to feel good. This is why it's bad for you to mix stimulants with depressants.
The tower is a radio antenna.  

It's not a metal frame, it's a tower.  It's made up of a bunch of wires that are connected to each other.  The wire is connected to the ground, and the ground wire is attached to a radiator, water pipe, or some other conductive material.

The water pipe is the transmitter, the radiator is the receiver.  There's a connection between the ground and the radiator.  When the water pipe connects to the radiator, it creates a current.  This current is used to transmit the signal to the tower.
Your legs move at the same time as your arms. 

When you swing your legs are moving at the right time, your arms are moving in the same direction as your legs.  This causes your arms to swing in the opposite direction of your legs, which gives you more momentum.
A checking account is a demand deposit account.  

A savings account is an interest-bearing account.

When you deposit money into a checking account, you pay interest on it.  You don't have to pay any fees.  If you withdraw money from a savings account, the bank will charge you a fee.  This fee is called a "demand deposit fee".

The difference between checking and savings accounts is that checking accounts are usually linked to another account, such as a credit card, or line of credit.  When you spend money, the checking account will be credited to the
Screws are a type of fastener. 

A screw is a piece of metal that has a hole in it.  The hole is drilled into the metal, and the screw is driven into the hole.

When you screw a screw, you are driving the screw through the hole, but the hole is not a pilot hole.  You are driving a screw through a hole that is not the pilot hole, so that the screw can be driven through.  If you have a screwdriver, you can use it to drill a hole into the screw, and then use a drill bit to drill
Dry wine is made by fermenting the grapes and adding water to the pulp of the grapes. The wine is then aged in oak barrels for a long time, which allows the wine to age at a much lower temperature than normal wine.
Fat is made up of a bunch of different things. 

Proteins, lipids, nucleic acids, and fats.

When you "lose" fat, the cells in your body begin to break down the fat into different types of proteins.  These proteins are broken down by your liver, which then goes to the large intestine, where it is absorbed by the digestive tract, and then excreted by your large intestine.  The fat is then released into the air, which is then blown out of your body by the wind.  This is called "disintegration".
Brake fluid is a type of hydraulic fluid used in hydraulic brake and hydraulic clutch applications in automobiles, motorcycles, light trucks, and some bicycles. It is used to transfer force into pressure, and to amplify braking force.
I think it's because "I'm taking a trip home" is a verb, and "taking a trip" is an object.

"I'm going home" isn't a noun, it's a verb.
Title loans are a type of secured loan where borrowers can use their car title as security for the loan.  The car is worth less than the value of the loan, so the lender can sell the car at auction for less than it's worth.

If you owe money on a title loan, the lender has to hold the car for 30 days to allow the car owner to pay the balance.  If the car is still owed, they can sell it at auction.
Essential oils dissolve paint. 

Paint is made up of pigments, solvents, and oils.  The oils dissolve the pigments and the paint.

When you apply oil to a paint, you are mixing the oils with the paint, and the oils are mixed with the solvent.  When the paint dries, the oils evaporate and the solvent evaporates, leaving the paint as a film.  This is called emulsion, and it is the part of the paint that dries.
It's a security thing.  The hard drive is a way for the operating system to authenticate that the console is the one that's running the game.  It's also a way to make sure that the game doesn't copy data from the disc to the hard drive.  If you're playing a game on a PS2 or PS3, you're not actually playing the game on the disc.  You're playing it on a hard drive, so it's a good idea to install the game onto it.
It depends on what you mean by "light".

If you mean "light" as a wave, then you mean light as a photon.

A photon is a wave because it is a particle. 

When you see light, you are seeing it as an electromagnetic wave.  If you look at the spectrum of light you will see that it is composed of a bunch of different energy levels.  This is called the electromagnetic spectrum.  It is a spectrum of electromagnetic waves.  The wavelength of light that you see is the energy of the photon.  When you see a photon, you
I think it has to do with socialization. 

When you are in a group, you are surrounded by other people who share similar interests, so you are exposed to the same things that you enjoy.  If you spend a lot of time around people who are similar to you, you will become more likely to be attracted to them.
Bosnia and Herzegovina was a part of Yugoslavia until the end of World War II. It was part of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia, which was a union of Serbia, Croatia, Bosnia, and parts of Bosnia-Hercegovina. During the war, the Serbs and Bosniaks were divided into two parts, Republika Srpska and the Republic of Bosnia. 

Bosniaks are mostly Muslim, and Serbs are mostly Bosnian Serbs.

In the early days of the Bosnian war, there was a lot of ethnic tension between the
It's not tilting, it's sinking. 

The problem is that the ground beneath the tower is sinking, and the building is built on top of it.  It's not a danger to the public, but it's a concern to the people who live there.
I think it's because when you make eye contact with someone, your brain tells your brain that you are looking at their face, and your brain wants to know what they are thinking. 

So your brain sends a signal to your brain telling you to look at them, and then your brain interprets that signal as eye contact.
Depression is caused by a lack of serotonin in your brain, which is a neurotransmitter that makes you feel sad. 

Anxiety is caused when your brain thinks that something is wrong with you, and your body doesn't know how to fix it.

Depression can be caused by any number of things, but it's most commonly caused by stress.  If you have a history of anxiety in your family, you're more likely to be depressed.
It's a combination of things. 

1. The grid is designed to keep the power output constant.

2. The power plants are designed to generate as much power as they can at any given time, but at the same time not overload the grid

3. When the grid is heavily loaded, the generators adjust their generators so that more power is output (droop speed control).
It's called [Ferry-Porter law](_URL_0_). 

Your eyes have three kinds of cone cells that sense light, having peaks of spectral sensitivity in short ("S", 420 nm – 440 nm), middle ("M", 530 nm – 540 nm), and long ("L", 560 nm – 580 nm) wavelengths.  The rods in the center of your eye are more sensitive to shorter wavelengths of light, and the cones in the periphery are less sensitive to longer wavelengths.
Flu is a seasonal thing. It's not a single thing that happens every year, it's a pattern. 

In the winter, the flu virus is more likely to be in the air because it's colder, and because people are indoors more often during the winter season, they are in close contact more often, and this promotes transmission from person to person.
Micro-second trading affects the companies whose shares are being sold/bought, not the people who own the shares. 

If you own a stock, and you want to sell it, you have to buy it at a lower price.  If you sell it at the high price, then the company will have to pay you a higher price.

But if you own the stock at the low price, you can sell it to someone else, and they will pay you the same price.
Because he's not a US citizen.

He's an Internet entrepreneur, not a citizen of the US.
TurboTax is a tax preparation software.  It's designed to help you file your taxes.  

It's a free program, but it's not perfect.  You can't use it to file taxes online.  The IRS doesn't want you to.  They don't want people to be able to do it for free.
The endothelial glycocalyx acts as a capillary, which is a membrane that connects the blood vessels to the cells in your body. 

When the cells are in the capillaries, they are surrounded by a layer of cells called the cytoplasmic membrane.  This is the part of the body that contains the cells.  The cells are made up of a bunch of molecules called ATP.  These ATP molecules are attached to the endothelium.  When they are in contact with the cells, they start to bind to each other and form a chain of bonds.
Lizards are cold blooded because they need more energy to maintain their body temperature.  Their metabolism requires more energy than a warm blooded animal, so they need to produce more heat to stay alive.
IMAX films are shot on 70mm film. 

They are shot at a very wide aspect ratio, which means that you get a wider field of view than a standard 35mm film, which allows you to see more detail.  This is especially important when you are shooting in 3D, as it allows for more depth of field.  It also allows for higher contrast, which is important when shooting in 2D.

IMAX cameras are also very small, so they can be used in a lot of situations where a traditional 35mm camera would not be able to handle the size of the image
It's a chemical reaction that involves luciferin, the substrate; luciferase, the enzyme that acts upon luciferine; adenosine triphosphate, the energy molecule; and oxygen. 

It's not a single chemical reaction, it's a series of reactions.

The first reaction is a reaction between the substrate and the enzyme. The enzyme breaks down the substrate into a bunch of different molecules, and the light comes out of the end of the molecule.
Sound recording works like this:

Imagine you have a microphone with a diaphragm that vibrates.  It vibrates in a cone shape.  The cone vibrates due to atmospheric pressure.  When it vibrates, it creates a waveform.  This waveform is then converted into an electrical signal, which is converted into a digital signal.  

A microphone is a device that picks up this waveform, and converts it into an audio signal.

The microphone is connected to a speaker, and the speaker vibrates to create a sound wave.  A speaker is connected
Because the President is allowed to appoint people without any prior or relevant experience.

The Constitution says that the President has the power to make appointments to the Cabinet, but he has to follow the advice of the Vice President and the other members of the Cabinet.
I think it has to do with how loud they are. 

When you're a baby, your vocal cords are still developing, so you can't hear the sound that other people are making.

As you get older, you start to hear more and more sounds, and your brain starts to pick up on them.
Fusion is a process in which two protons and two neutrons are fused. 

Fusion occurs when two atoms of hydrogen are fused together, and the protons are converted to neutrons.

The energy released from fusion is called the kinetic energy of the fusion.  The energy of fusion is proportional to the amount of energy released by the fusion of the two hydrogen atoms.  This energy is called kinetic energy, and it's the same energy as the energy released when the two atoms collide.
The engine used to be in the back of the car because it was easier for the driver to see it from the driver's seat.

Modern cars are designed to have the engine in the front because it's easier to see from the passenger seat.
Canada and the United Kingdom have a long history of being part of the British Empire. 

Canada was originally part of France, and was part of England's North American colonies (New France, New Brunswick, Nova Scotia, and the Province of New Brunswick).

New Brunswick and New Brunswick were originally British colonies, but were united in Confederation in 1867, and became part of Canada.

After Canada became a self-governing dominion, the Governor General of Canada was appointed by the King, who was the equivalent of the Prime Minister of the UK.  The Governor General was the head of the
The switchblade works by having a spring in the upper arm that pulls the blade down, and a spring on the lower arm that pushes the blade back up. 

The spring is connected to the spring, and the spring is attached to the shaft.  This means that the spring can pull the blade up and down, but it can't pull it back down.  The spring can only pull it down if the shaft is in the right position.  If the shaft isn't in the correct position, the spring will pull the shaft out of the right place.

If the shaft was in the wrong
Fruits do not go through a ripening process in the sense that they become "tree ripe". Some fruits, for example cherries, physically mature and then continue to ripen on the tree. 

When you harvest a fruit, you cut off the stem of the fruit, and the stem is cut as short as possible to avoid mechanical injury to the fruit in packing and transits.

The fruit is then left on the ground for a few days, and then it is picked off the ground.
If you were wrongfully convicted of a crime, you can sue the government for wrongful conviction.

If you are innocent, the government can't sue you, but they can try to get you to pay them back.
Salinity is a measure of the amount of dissolved dissolved oxygen in the water. 

Fresh water has more dissolved oxygen than salt water, which is why fish can live longer in fresh water.

Salinity can be a problem for fish because they need oxygen to breathe, and salt water has a high concentration of dissolved oxygen.
The federal government has the authority to regulate autonomous vehicles. 

Congress has the power to regulate them, but the federal government is not the only authority.

The Federal Highway Administration (FHSA) is the agency responsible for setting safety and performance standards and the agency is responsible for designating areas where automated cars may be tested.
Your body uses heat to regulate the temperature of the air around you. If the air is too hot, your body can no longer do this. Your body needs to cool itself down by evaporating water from your skin. If it's too cold, it can't.
Microsoft owns your data when it wants to snoop, but if you upload childporn its now your data.
The monitor uses a cathode ray tube (CRT) to display the image on the screen.

The CRT is a type of LCD (liquid crystal active matrix) that uses a phosphor screen, which is made up of a bunch of tiny cells, each of which has a small capacitor, which has to be periodically charged to a level corresponding to the greyscale value (contrast) desired for a picture element. 

When the screen is turned on and off, the phosphor cells in the CRT get charged up, and when the monitor is turned off and on, they are
Jpeg is a lossy compression format, meaning that you can compress an image to a smaller size.

PNG is lossless compression, meaning it can be compressed to the same size as JPEG.
It's not about the content, it's about the intent.

Distributing a text is not a crime. It's a crime because it's a violation of the First Amendment to the US Constitution, which protects free speech.
Your inner ear is responsible for balance, your eyes for vision.  Your brain can only focus on two sources of input at one time, driving and listening to your phone.  When you use your phone, your brain can't focus on both.  It's like trying to focus on the road and your phone at the same time.
I'm not sure what you mean by "swapping" but I'll give it a shot. 

Say you want to buy a car for $1,000, but you don't know what the price is going to be on the day you buy it.

If you have a contract to buy the car, you can buy it for $100, but if the price goes up, you have to pay $100 for the car. If the price stays the same, you get $100. If it goes down, you pay $50 for the same car, and if it goes up you
Feminism is not a movement. It is a political movement. 

Feminists believe that men should be allowed to participate in the feminist movement, and that women should be able to advocate for their rights.

This is not to say that men shouldn't be involved in the movement, but that they should be encouraged to do so.
The fog lights are not always on at the same time. 

When you turn on your high beam lights, you are using the high beam to illuminate the road ahead of you.  When you turn off the fog lights, they are not on at all.
A river is basically a series of waterfalls. 

The water in a river is constantly being pushed down the river by the water in the river bed.  When the water is pushed down, it creates a channel.  This channel is called a river delta.  The river delta is basically the area between the riverbed and the ground.  If you look at a map of a river, you will see that there are many different types of deltas.  These are basically areas where the river is flowing in the same direction, but there are different kinds of delta.

A river delta
It depends on what you mean by "water".

1. Water is water.

2. The amount of water in your body is divided by the weight of your body

3. Water in your urine

4. How much water is in your blood

5. How many gallons of water are in your kidneys

6. How large is your bladder

7. How big is your intestine

8. How long does it take you to drink a gallon of water, and how much water do you need to drink in order to stay hydrated

9. How
The animals that are mostly used for food would die out. 

They would be eaten by other animals, and the animals that would eat them would eat other animals.
Yes. 

Your immune system has evolved to be able to fight off a lot of diseases.  If you have a chronic illness, your immune system will be more effective at fighting off those diseases.

If you don't get sick all the time, you won't be immune to them.
They are doing seatbelt checks because they are required by law to do so. 

They are also doing it because they want you to know that they are doing it.
The Federal Communications Commission (FTC) and the Federal Trade Commission have laid out regulations for television advertising, outlining restrictions on certain products, content, and claims, and they enforce them.

Alcohol is regulated by the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau (ATTB), which is part of the Department of Commerce. 

ATTB regulates the content of alcohol ads.  The FTC is responsible for enforcing these regulations.
Engineer here. 

Basically, a rocket engine is a computer.  It's a series of computers that are connected to the rocket's engines.  The rocket has a computer called the [instarocket](_URL_0_).  This computer is the computer that controls the engines and the thrusters.  Each stage has a separate computer that is connected to it.

The rocket's computer has a lot of data that it needs to keep track of.  For example, if you want to know how much fuel is in the rocket, you need to know the amount of fuel in
I think it's a bit of both. 

Your personality is determined by the way your brain is wired.  Your brain is a collection of neurons that are connected to each other.  If you have a bad day, your brain will fire off a bunch of neurons to try and fix it.  But if you are a good day, you will have a lot of neurons firing off.  This is called synaptic plasticity.  It's the ability of your brain to learn and adapt to new situations.

If you are an introvert, you are wired to be introverted.  You
A gift economy is where valuable goods and services are regularly given without any explicit agreement for immediate or future rewards (i.e. no formal quid pro quo exists). 

In a gift economy, the value of the goods or services is not tied to any one person, but rather to the relationship between the giver and the recipient.

For example, if you want to buy a car, you have to agree to buy it from a dealership, and the dealership has to promise to return the car to you in exchange for a certain amount of money.  This is called a "gift economy
The Oscars are not a platform for speaking about critical world issues.  They are a platform to celebrate the work of artists and entertainers.  It is not a place for celebrities to speak out about critical issues.
I think it has to do with the fact that when you're in a plane, you're using the rudder, throttle, and stick to control the plane. 

When you're playing a first person shooter, you don't have to use those controls.  You're using your hands to move your character around.  If you use the stick and throttle, you are using your head to control your character.

If you're controlling your character with the stick, you can't move your head at all.  Your hands are all over the place.
It's a reflex. When you sneeze, your body releases endorphins, which are chemicals that make you feel good.
When you sleep, your body releases a hormone called vasoconstrictor, which is responsible for regulating the amount of water in your blood. When you wake up, the hormone has been released and your body doesn't need as much water, so you don't feel thirsty.
I think it has to do with the fact that we are used to seeing things like that in movies. 

When you watch a horror movie, it's not about the gore.  It's about the story.

A lot of horror movies are set in a world where there's a lot of violence and death, and the gore is a way for the audience to get a good sense of what's going on.  The more gore there is, the more likely the audience is to be scared.  If you're a horror fan, you're more likely to watch a movie where the violence is
We stop crying at a certain age because we stop needing to cry at certain things. 

An ear infection, for example, is a symptom of an upper airway infection.  When you cry for an ear infection you are trying to get air into your lungs, which is why you need to cry.
It's a property of space.

If you have a vector x = -x - 1, then you can think of it like this:

x = 0

X = -1

Y = 1

So, if you have x = 0, then y = x

But if you want to know why x = 1, you have to think of x as a vector, and y as a point. 

Now, let's say you have two vectors x and y, and you're trying to figure out how to divide them. 


x=0

y=x

z=x
I think it has to do with the way the word is pronounced. 

"He is gay" is pronounced differently than "He is a gay"

When you say "he is gay", you are pronouncing the word "gay" as "he" and not "he".

If you use "He" as a pronoun, it sounds more like "he's gay" and less like "He's a gay".
Dreams are a way for your brain to process information from the real world. When you dream, your brain interprets what is happening in your dreams as if it were happening in real life. 

When you wake up from a dream, you have to remember what you dreamt and what you saw in your dream.

If you dream of being attacked by a lion, you remember that you were attacked by lions when you were awake. If you see a lion when you are awake, you know it is a lion because you saw it when you woke up.
I think it's because it's easier to write in lowercase.  

It's not that they don't want it to be capitalized, it's just that they want to make it easier for people to read it.
A theorem is a mathematical statement that can be proved to be true.

For example, let's say you want to know if x is a number. 

Let's say that x is an integer. 

 >  x = 0

Now let's assume that x = 1

If x is 0, then x = x

But if x = 2

Then x = 3

So if x=2

That's a theorem.
Plants don't draw nutrients from the soil, they eat them.

Soil is not replenished by plants, it's by bacteria and other microorganisms. 

Bacteria break down organic matter in the soil and release it into the air, which is then absorbed by the plant.
It's a charge of securities fraud. 

Basically, when you sell a stock, you're selling it at a loss.  You're telling people that you're going to raise the price of the stock, but you're not actually doing so.

The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) is the agency that regulates the securities industry, and they're looking for people who are doing this.  They're trying to determine whether or not Shkreli was doing it on purpose, and if he was, he's being charged with securities fraud, which is a crime.
If you don't brush your teeth while you're alive they'll get damaged but if you die they won't be damaged
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'll give it a shot.

TL;DR: LI5 is the name of the company that makes the chili. 

The company is called LI5, and they sell it to people who want to sell it.  They sell it for $5,000.  The company makes a lot of money off of it, but they don't make enough to cover the cost of making the chili themselves.  So, they hire someone to make it for them.  This person is called a "hacktivist".  They use a
Your voice is made up of a bunch of different things. 

Your vocal cords vibrate in different ways.  Your vocal chords vibrate differently than the ones of other people.  When you hear your own voice, your brain interprets it as if it's coming from your own vocal cords.  This is why your voice sounds different to others.

When you hear someone else's voice, you hear their voice as if they're talking to you.  You don't hear your voice because it's not vibrating in the same way.  It's vibrating differently from how you hear it.
The JWST would need to be a lot bigger than the Hubble Space Telescope.

It would have to be at least twice the size of the Hubble telescope, and it would need a lot more processing power to take pictures of Proxima Centauri b.
The movie is called Primer. 

It's about a group of people who are trying to figure out who they are and what they want to do with their lives.

The main character, Max, is the leader of the group.  He has a dream that he is going to save the world, but he can't remember what he wants to do.  So he decides that he's going to try and find out who the other members of his group are, and if he doesn't find them, he will kill them.  
 
He goes to the group and tells them
They don't have to pay a lot of money for the rights to the content.  They can get the rights for a fraction of the cost of the actual cost of producing the content, and still make a profit.
It's just a marketing ploy. 

It's a marketing gimmick to get people to buy your product.  
 
It doesn't matter if it's vanilla or chocolate.  It's just an easy way for people to say they're buying your product, so they'll buy it.
They were set free because they were found not guilty by reason of insanity. 

If they were innocent, they would have been sent to prison for life.
The Army Corps of Engineers is a branch of the Department of the Interior. They are responsible for the protection of the environment. 

The Dakota Access Pipeline is an oil pipeline that is being built through the US.  It's being built by a company called Energy Transfer Partners.  The company wants to build the pipeline under the Missouri River, but the federal government doesn't want it to go under the river.  They want the pipeline to go through federal land, but they want to make sure that the pipeline doesn't cross any sacred land.  So they're doing an environmental impact study.
Honey is not going extinct. Bees are going extinct, but they are not going to be able to produce as much honey as they used to. 

Honey comes from bees that are not stingless. Bees that are stingless produce honey that is not as sweet as honey from stingless bees.
The muscles that control the movement of the diaphragm and larynx (the muscles that allow you to breathe) are not working properly. 

They are still functioning, but they can no longer be used.
I'm not an expert on the subject, but I'll try my best to explain it as best I can.

_URL_0_

If you're looking for an ELI5 version of the book, you can find it here: _URL_1_
It depends on the type of injury. 

If you have a spinal cord injury, you will have a lot of muscle atrophy.  This means that your muscles will atrophy, and you will need to use a lot more strength to move your limbs.  You will also need to learn how to walk with aid.

This can take a long time, but it is possible to learn to walk without assistance.  If you are lucky, you may be able to walk on your own for a few months, and if you are unlucky, you might have to have surgery to repair your spinal cord
Your body has a circadian rhythm, which is the cycle of when your body needs to sleep and when it needs to wake up. When you wake up from a long night of sleep, your body's circadian rhythm is messed up, so you feel tired because you're not getting enough sleep.
The wattage is the amount of electricity that can be transferred from the source to the receiver. 

Imagine you have a speaker with a 1 ohm impedance.  If you want to amplify the sound, you need to increase the impedance of the speaker.  This is done by increasing the voltage between the speaker and the receiver, which is measured in watts.

If you have an amplifier, you can increase the voltage of the amplifier by increasing its gain.  The gain is the ratio of the voltage to the current.  For example, if the amplifier has a gain of 10 dB, it can
If you're talking about a 3.5 GHz i5 processor, it's based on a 64-bit architecture, which means that it has 4 cores, 2 threads, and 2 L2 cache. 

If you are talking about an i7 processor, you're referring to a 64 bit architecture, meaning that it uses 4 cores and 2 threads.

The difference between a 64bit architecture and a 32bit architecture is that the 64bit architectures have a higher clock speed, but a lower TDP (TDP is the maximum amount of power you can use).

So, if you're
We can.  Fiber-optic cables are built on the seabed.  

There are two types of cables.  One is called a submarine cable, and the other is called an undersea cable.  The submarine cable is the one that runs under the ocean.  It's called a subsea cable because it's under the water, and it runs through the ocean floor.

The subsea cables are made of fiber optic cables, and they are built in a way that allows them to be buried underground.  They can be buried under the sea floor, but they have to
Bears can hibernate for months and survive without food and water, and a human can die within weeks. 

Bears have a lower body temperature than humans, so they don't need as much food to survive.

Humans have a higher body temperature, so their body temperature is lower than other mammals, and they need more calories to survive in the winter.
I think it has something to do with the chemical composition of the food itself. 

Cinnamon and brown sugar have a lot of the same chemicals in them, but they have different amounts of them in different parts of the world.
We don't have the resources to launch probes/satellites to orbit the other planets in solar system instead of fling by them. 

There are a lot of things that would need to be done first.

First, we would have to launch a probe/satellite into orbit and then land it on one of the planets.  This would require a huge amount of money and time.  It would also mean that we would be launching probes into orbit at the same time as we're landing them on the planet.  That's not something we can do.  We can launch probes into
I think it has to do with the way you see yourself in the mirror. 

If you look at yourself in a mirror, you are looking at your face, not your face in a picture.  You are seeing your face from the perspective of your eyes.  If you look in a photo, you're looking at yourself from a different perspective.  Your eyes are telling you that you are attractive, but your face is telling you you are unattractive.
I'm not sure what you're asking, but I'm going to assume that you're talking about the thoughts of a person who doesn't know how to write or speak.

Imagine that you have a dream, and you wake up in the middle of the night, and your brain is telling you what to do. 

If you don't have language, you wouldn't be able to understand what your dreams are telling you, so you would have to rely on your senses to tell you what's going on in your head.
Hair loss is caused by a number of things. 

1. The sun causes the hair to dry out, which causes it to fall out.

2. When you wear a hat, your hair is exposed to the sun, which makes it more likely that it will dry out. This makes it harder for the hair follicles to grow back, which leads to hair loss.
Puerto Rico is a US territory.  It is part of the United States, but it is not a state.  

The US government owes it a lot of money to the people of Puerto Rico.  The US government is not allowed to write off the debt of the government, so they have to pay it back.  They have to write down the value of the debt and pay it off.  This means that the government has to go through a process called Chapter 9 bankruptcy, which allows the government to file for bankruptcy and pay off its debt. 



The government has been
The pound is a unit of mass.

The foot pound is the unit of force.
I don't know about you, but I think it has something to do with the fact that they are made by the same company as the brand.  

If you go to the grocery store and look at the ingredients, you will see that there are a lot of ingredients that are different from the ones that are sold under the brand name.  This is because the company that makes the food is trying to get you to buy their product.  If you don't like the taste of the food, you won't buy it.
The split infinitive is not a grammatical rule, it's a style of writing. 

It's a way for writers to write in a way that makes it easier for the reader to understand what they're trying to say.

For example, if you want to say "I went to the store", you can write "I bought a box of chocolates", but if you write "A box of chocolate", you have to write "Chocolates" instead of "chocolates".

This is because it's easier to understand, and because it makes the reader understand what
The Secret Service is a law enforcement agency, not a government agency.  They are not the same as the FBI or the CIA.  

They are part of the Department of Homeland Security, which is a separate agency from the Federal Government.  The Secret Service's job is to protect the President and the President's family.  It is not the job of the FBI to protect him or her.
It's not that the US has socialized medicine, it's that we have private health insurance.  

In Canada, the government provides health insurance for everyone.  The government pays for it, but the private insurance companies are allowed to charge whatever they want for the services they provide.  This means that the government doesn't have to pay for everything.
When you are tired, your eyes are producing tears to lubricate and clean out your eyes.  When you are awake, the tears are produced to keep your eyes moist, clean, and lubricated.
You don't need someone else to be going long. 

If you're short a stock, you're betting that the stock will drop in price.  You borrow the stock from the owner of the stock, and then sell it to someone else.  If the stock price falls, you get the money back.
I think it has to do with the fact that counting money requires a lot of concentration. 

When you count money, your brain is trying to keep track of how many coins are in a given amount of time, and how much of that time you have left to count them.

It's not that you are counting money, it's that you're trying to remember how much money is in a particular amount.
There are more possible games of chess than there are atoms in the observable universe.

Let's say you want to know how many possible games there are of chess. 

The answer is that there are more than 1,000,000 possible games in the universe. 


Now, let's say that you have a game of chess, and you are trying to decide which game to play.  You have a set number of possible games.  If you have 1,001 possible games, you can decide which one to play, and if you have 100 possible games you can choose which one you
There is a direct bus line between Damascus and Ar-Raqqah. 

It's not a direct line, but it's a shuttle service.

The buses are subsidized by the Syrian government, so they are able to operate.
The "fiscal cliff" wasn't actually bad for our economic recovery.  It was bad for the economy because it caused a lot of people to lose their jobs.  The economy was already in a recession when the tax cuts and spending cuts went into effect, so it's not like it was going to make things worse.
I think it has to do with the fact that when you hurt yourself, your body releases endorphins. Endorphins are endogenous opioids that are released in response to physical injury, acting as natural painkillers and inducing pleasant feelings
"Legitimate rape" is not a thing. It's a term used to refer to a very rare occurrence of pregnancy from rape.

Akin's comments caused a stir in the Republican Party because they were seen as demeaning to women who have been victims of rape.
It's because the oven heats up the food faster than it cools it down.  

Cinnamon rolls are made with a lot of sugar, so they need to be baked at a lower temperature than the oven is designed for.

If you preheat the oven before baking, the sugar will start to oxidize, which will cause the cinnamon roll to turn brown.
Gum is not a food, it's a liquid. It's not digestible.

If you swallow it, you're not going to be able to break it down and digest it. 

You're going to end up choking on it.
I think it's because the TV is the only source of light in the room.  When it's off, the room becomes darker and more quiet.
It's not so much planned obsolescence as it is that the phone is built to last as long as possible. 

For example, the iPhone 7 is built with the iPhone 6s in mind.  The iPhone 6 was released in 2011, and the iPhone 5S was released a year ago.  So the phone has been around for a long time.

It's also built into the operating system so that it can be updated as often as it needs to.  For example, if the phone needs to be updated, it will be updated to the latest version of Android.
Jailbreaking is a way to get your phone to work on other carriers.  

If you have a contract with a carrier, they will lock your phone so it will not be able to connect to any other network.  If you want to change your phone, you have to go through a process called "unlocking" the phone.

Unlocking the phone means that the phone will connect to a different network, which means that it will no longer be locked by the carrier.  This means that you can now use your phone on any other phone, and it will work on that phone.
There are two main types of bees that live in the hive. 

Honey bees are solitary bees.  They build their own nests and lay their eggs in the ground.

Bees that are communal bees live in colonies of two or more females.
The chloroplasts in a tree's chloroplast are called mesophylls. They are what make the leaves green.
Dogs don't have a voice box, they have a vocal cord. 

They can bark, whine, and howl, but they can't talk.
Breathing more is not enought to fight against altitude sickness. 

Your body needs oxygen to survive at high altitudes.  Your body has to adapt to the lack of oxygen by increasing the amount of red blood cells and hemoglobin in your blood.  This increases your heart rate and blood pressure, but it doesn't make you feel better.
I'm not a linguist, but I'll try to explain it.

Rhyming slang is a way for people to express themselves in a way that is easy to understand. 

For example, if you're talking about a piece of paper, it's easier to understand if it's written in a rhyming fashion.  If you're speaking about a book, you can say "I'm reading a book" or "I read a book", but if you say it in a more formal way, it sounds more like "I have a book".

If you're referring to a
It's called notational audiation.

When you hear a piece of music, your brain interprets it as if it's being played in a different key.  So, if you hear the piece in the wrong key, you can tell that it's been played in that key for a long time.
It's called the [Wagon Wheel Effect](_URL_0_).

Basically, when you look at a spinning wheel, you're seeing it in a series of brief flashes of light. If you're not paying attention, you'll see that the light is coming from the side of the wheel that's spinning, and not the side that's moving.

When you're paying attention to the light, your brain interprets it as if it's moving in the opposite direction. So, if you're looking at a car tire, the light from the tires is coming in the other direction, and
The pressure in the ocean is so high that the pressure inside the fish is greater than the pressure outside the fish. 

The pressure is so great that the fish can't breathe, so they have to expel water from their bodies to breathe.

They also have a layer of gelatinous flesh that helps them stay buoyant.
I think it has to do with the fact that the US is a very wealthy country with a lot of money.  

It's not that we don't need universal health care, it's just that we have a lot more money than other countries do.  In fact, the US spends more money on education than it does on health care.  Education is a huge part of the US economy, but it's not free.  It's not even free in the sense that everyone gets the same amount of education.  If you want to get a job, you have to pay for it.
He's not signing up for Obamacare because he's anti-Obamacare.

He's signing up because he doesn't want to lose his health insurance.
You don't cut a vein, you cut a blood vessel. 

Your body has a process called vasopressin.  It's a chemical that binds to blood vessels and causes them to constrict.  When you cut the vein, the blood vessels constrict, and the blood starts to flow out of the vein.

The reason you don't bleed is because your body doesn't know how to stop the flow of blood, so it doesn't have a way to stop it.
The gay agenda is basically a list of things that the gay rights movement wants to achieve. 

1. Equal marriage

2. Equal access to health care

3. Equal rights for gay people

4. The right to equal employment

5. Equal education

6. Equal housing

7. Equal employment for gay men

8. Equal treatment for women

9. Equal pay for equal work

10. Equal parental leave

11. Equal protection of religious freedom

12. Equal opportunity for gay and lesbian workers

13. Fair treatment of
The number of neutrons in an atom determines the number of electrons in the nucleus. 

Neutrons are the electrons that make up the nucleus of an atom.  The number of protons in a nucleus also determines its electric charge, which in turn determines the amount of electrons of the atom in its non-ionized state.
Some microphones are more sensitive to the sound waves coming from the front of your mouth than others.  

When you're talking to someone close to you, your voice is coming from a distance away from the microphone.  If you're speaking to someone far away from you, you can't hear the sound coming from your mouth, but if it's coming from behind you, the microphone will pick up the sound from the back of your head.

If you're recording your voice, you're using a microphone that is very close to your mouth.  The sound waves are coming from far away, so
Waterboarding is a form of torture.

Dunking someone's head in a bucket of water is not torture, it is a way to make them think they are being tortured.
It depends on the country. 

In the US, it depends on what country you're talking about.

Generally, the copyright on a piece of music goes away after 50 years after the composer dies.  If the composer died before that, then it's considered to be in the public domain.
They use a device called a "people meter" that plugs into the wall below or near each TV set in household.  It has a microphone that picks up the sound waves coming from the TV and records them.  They then use that information to estimate how many people are watching or listening at a specific time.
The Pirate Bay was shut down by the US government. 

KickassTorrentz has been shut down in the past.
They don't. 

If they were to pay a fine, they would have to pay it back to the government.

The government doesn't have the authority to force them to do that.
I'm not an expert, but I'll try my best to break it down for you.

1. 802.11a is the standard for wireless access points (APs).  It's basically a standard that defines how you can connect to a wireless network.  

2.  It defines the protocols that allow you to connect to other networks.  For example, if you want to talk to a friend on the other side of the world, you need to use 802.1a.  This means that you have to use the same protocol for all of your connections.  If you
Color is a chemical reaction between two molecules. 

One molecule is called a color, and the other is called an electron.

When you put a color in the air, it causes it to react with other molecules in your body.  This causes them to change color.  If you put too much of one molecule in your lungs, it will cause you to choke, but if you put enough of the other molecule in there, you will be able to breathe.  The reason you can do this is because the molecules are mixed together in such a way that they do not react with each other.
When you sleep, your mouth is not exposed to as much oxygen as it is during the day. When you wake up, you have less saliva in your mouth than you do when you are awake. This means that your mouth has less bacteria in it, which makes your breath smell worse.
When you're dehydrated your urine is yellow because your urine contains a lot of water in it. Your urine is made up of a bunch of different pigments. 

When you are dehydrated, the water in your urine gets absorbed by your kidneys, which is why it's yellow.

If you drink enough water, your urine will be yellow, but if you drink too much water, it'll be yellow.
Pounding the meat causes the proteins in it to break down, which makes it softer, easier to chew, and generally more palatable. 

_URL_0_
Freeware programs are designed to be free.  They are not meant to be used by the general public.  

They are not intended to be installed by anyone but the developers of the program.

If you install a freeware program, you are installing a piece of software that is not intended for use by the program developer.  It is not meant for the purpose of being used by you.
I think it has to do with the fact that the US is the largest country in the world.  

There are a lot of top level domains (ccTLDs) that are not available to everyone, so they tend to be more popular with people who want to use them.  For example,.com is the most popular ccTLD in the US, but it is only available to people who live in the USA.

Also, there are some countries that don't want to have their own top level domain because they don't like the idea of having to pay for it.
You can put in the recycling bin same files with the same name but you cannot do that in any other folder
It's not bad to defrost and refreeze things like meat, but it's bad to refrigerate them too long. 

When you freeze something, the water in it becomes a liquid, and when it cools down, it starts to sublimate, which means that the water is no longer a solid, but a gas.

If you freeze it too long, it will start to lose its moisture and become rancid, which is why it's best to keep it refrigerated for a long time.
They don't get arrested for smoking weed in their videos.

They get arrested because they get caught smoking weed. They get caught because they don't want to be arrested.
When you sit, your veins are constricted by the muscles in your legs. When you stand, the muscles contract, and the blood is able to flow upwards. 

When you're standing, the veins are not constricted, and so the blood can continue to flow upward.
It's not that we move our mouths the same way, it's that the letters are pronounced differently. 

When you move your mouth, your tongue makes contact with the back of your throat, which is where the consonants come from.  When you move the letters, you're using the front of your mouth to make contact with your tongue, which makes them sound different.
Mathematics is a very broad field. 

There are many different types of problems that mathematicians attempt to solve.  For example, if you want to calculate the circumference of a circle, you need to know the circumference and diameter of the circle.  You can do this by multiplying the circumference by the radius of the circumference, and then multiplying the diameter by the circumference.  If you know the radius, you can calculate the diameter.  But if you don't know the diameter, then you can't calculate the radius.  So you have to find a way to multiply the circumference or diameter by
It doesn't work for every kind of shot. 

If you're talking about botulinum toxin, it's caused by a bacteria that grows in the blood.  Salting and lime will kill the bacteria, but it won't kill the toxin.
Yes, you could, but it would require surgery. 

Transgender women have to go through puberty and undergo hormone therapy to become men.  This is not something that cisgender women can do.
TCP/IP are two different protocols. 

TCP is a protocol that is used to send and receive data over the internet.  It is used by all computers on the internet, and it is the way the internet works.

IP is the protocol that handles the actual delivery of the data.  The IP address is the IP address of the computer that is sending the data to the server.   It's used to identify which computer is sending and receiving the data, so that the server knows where the data is coming from, and which computer should receive it.  This information is stored
If you own a private block of land that is secluded, why you can you can't build your own house without approval?
The surface tension of a bubble is not built in energy. It is a result of the surface tension between the surface of the bubble and the air inside the bubble.

When you blow on a bubble, you are changing the pressure on the bubble, which causes it to deform. The surface tension is not "built in energy", it is a property of the air.
I think it has to do with the fact that babies don't have the same social skills that adults do. 

When babies are young, they don't know how to communicate with each other.  They don't understand what they're saying, they can't understand why they're being tickled or tickled, or why they need to be held, or what they want to eat, or how they're scared.  So they have to communicate in a way that they can understand.

I'm not sure what you mean by "we talk to babies in such a strange way".  I think
Darwin was wrong about a lot of things.

1. He believed that evolution was a natural process. 

2. He thought that all species originated in close proximity to an already existing closely allied species.
The president is the head of the executive branch of the federal government.  The Congress is the legislative branch.  

Congress has the power to pass laws, and the president has the authority to veto them.

The president can also appoint members of his cabinet, but he can't fire them.  He can only be removed from office by a majority vote of the Senate.
They are not profitable. 

Reddit is not profitable, but they are still around because they have a loyal customer base.

Spotify is profitable because they are a music streaming service, and they have paid licensing fees to the music industry for the right to play music on their service.
Asperger's syndrome is a form of autism. It is characterized by impairment in social interaction, by stereotyped and restricted patterns of behavior, activities and interests, and by no clinically significant delay in cognitive development or general delay in language. 

High functioning autism is a type of autism that has a wide spectrum of symptoms, but is not defined by a single symptom. It can be caused by a wide range of factors, such as a lack of social skills, poor communication skills, sensory issues, sensory overload, or a combination of all of the above.
The glass in the iPhone 6 is made out of a thin layer of glass. 

When you bend the phone, you are bending the surface of the glass, not the glass itself.
Cisgender is the opposite of transgendered. 

Transgender is a term used to refer to people who don't identify with the gender they were assigned at birth, but who identify with their gender identity.
The presumption of innocence means that the prosecution must prove beyond a reasonable doubt that the defendant is guilty beyond any reasonable doubt, as opposed to having the defense prove that s/he is innocent, and any doubt is resolved in favor of the defendant.
Hyper-threading is a way for a processor to split up its resources into two separate "logical" cores, each of which has its own logical state.  

When you have two logical processors, each one of them has a set of instructions that it needs to do.  These instructions are stored in the logical section of the processor, which is the part of the CPU that stores the data.  When one of the logical processors is stalled, it can use the other logical processor's resources to execute another task.  This is called "stopping" the processor.

If you have
Zeppelins and blimps are not viable alternatives to cruise ships.  Cruise ships are too big and too expensive. 

They are also too heavy and too slow.

Blimps and zeppelins are too slow and too heavy to be practical for cruising.
They are called Beau's lines. They are caused by a defect in the nail matrix, which is the part of the nail that connects the nail to the nail bed. 

They are usually caused by an infection, but can also be caused by trauma, trauma, hypocalcaemia, and skin disease.
The U.S. government spends more on healthcare than on Social Security and national defense combined, according to the Brookings Institution.
The USB 3.0 flash driver is written by a different company than the USB 2.0 driver.  The reason is that the flash driver has to be written in such a way that it can read and write data at the same time.  This means that it has to read the data from the flash drive and write it to the computer.  

When you write data to a flash drive, the computer has to write the data to it.  It has to do this by writing a series of instructions to the USB flash drive.  These instructions are written into the USB driver, and the computer
The universe is expanding, but it's not going to collide with Andromeda in 4 billion years.

The universe has been expanding for 13.8 billion years, and it's going to continue to expand for the rest of our lives.


The reason we can't see Andromeda is because it's moving away from us at the speed of light. 

If the universe was expanding, then it would be falling towards us, and we would be able to see it. 


However, the universe is not falling away.  It's expanding at the rate of light, so we can see it
When you are hyped about something, your brain releases endorphins, which are chemicals that make you feel good. 

When you're not hyped, your body releases oxytocin, which is a hormone that makes you feel happy.
They don't.  They don't know.  

They know when the product is going to spoil, but they don't have a way to measure how long it will be able to stay on the shelf.
Our sense of temperature is based on our hypothalamus, which is a region of the brain linking the hypothalamus to the anterior hypothalamus. The hypothalamus is responsible for regulating our body's temperature. 

The hypothalamus has a number of different types of sensors, including those that detect heat and cold. These sensors are located in different parts of the body, and are used to tell us how hot or cold our body is.

Our hypothalamus can also detect changes in the temperature of our skin, which tells us that our skin is getting hotter or colder.
It's a combination of two things. 

1. There are a lot of cameras on the field, and each camera takes a picture of the field.

2. There is a computer in the broadcast truck that monitors how the camera is used during the game (pan, tilt, zoom, focus and extender). The encoders transmit that info live 30 or more times per second to the broadcaster's production truck, where it is processed by Sportvision computers (typically one for each camera).
The rule of thirds is a result of the Pythagorean theorem, which states that if you divide a number by two, you get the same number. 

It's not just humans that find it appealing or is it more universal.  It's just that we find it easier to count when we know that the number is smaller than the number we think it is.

For example, if you take the number 1/2, and divide it by 2, you'll get the number 2/3.  If you divide the number by 3, you will get 3/4, and if you
It's a chemical reaction between the taste buds on your tongue and the taste receptors in your brain. 

When you eat something, the chemicals in your mouth react with your taste buds.

Your tongue is covered with thousands of different types of taste receptors.  Some of them are specialized to taste sweet, some are specialized for sour, some for bitter, and some for umami.  These are called gustatory cells, and they are located on the upper surface of your tongue.  When you eat a food, they are stimulated by a chemical called acetylcholine, which binds to the taste
I think it's because it's a way for them to show that they care about the people they are helping, and that they are willing to put their money where their mouth is. 

I'm not sure if this is true for all charities, but I think it has something to do with the fact that it's easier to start your own than it is to work for one that's already established and respected.
Language doesn't just go extinct, it goes extinct because it stops being used. 

Language is not a single thing.  It's a collection of languages.  If you have a language that has been spoken for thousands of years, it will eventually die out.  There are several stages of language extinction.  The first stage is when there are only a few people who still speak the language.

The second stage is called "endangered".  This is when a language is at risk of falling out of use as its speakers die out or shift to speaking another language.  This happens when the
It's called "SAS" or "Space Adaptation Syndrome" and it's caused by your body trying to adjust to weightlessness. 

Your body is used to being in a relatively small space, so it's not used to the weightlessness of space. Your body has to adapt to the change in gravity, and your body is trying to get used to it.

It's also possible that you're genetically predisposed to it because you're more likely to be of Asian ancestry.
I'm not an expert on the subject, but I'll try my best to explain what I think.

There are two main reasons:

1. The Syrian refugees are fleeing the civil war in their home country, which is a very dangerous place. 

2. They are refugees, not citizens of the US, and are not subject to the same security checks as US citizens. 


The US has a very strict border security system, and the Syrian refugees have already been through it.  They are not going to be able to enter the US without going through a very thorough security check
If you're in a car accident, you're not at fault. 

If you are, you are at fault for causing the accident.  If you are not, you can sue your insurance company for damages.  You can also sue the driver of the car for negligence.
It's not considered offensive because it's a joke. 

It's offensive because he was trying to be funny and thought he could do it.
It's not that they're pedophiles, it's that they've been accused of being pedophiles.

In the past, it was common for ministers to be accused of having sex with underage boys. 

The problem is that it's not uncommon for a minister to have sex with young boys, but it's more common for them to do so with older boys.
It depends on the type of credit card. 

If it's a credit card that you're using for something like a phone, gym membership, etc, they may not be able to renew the contract.  They may not want you to keep using the card if you're not going to renew it.  If they want to keep you as a cardholder, they might try to get you to sign a contract with them that says you'll pay them back when the card expires.

In the case of a phone contract, if you don't renew it, the contract says you can't use the
Ice crystals form when water freezes at a certain temperature. 

When water freezes, it becomes a liquid.  When it cools down, it starts to become a solid.  The water molecules that make up the ice crystals are still water molecules, but they are no longer water molecules.  They are water atoms, and they are made up of molecules that are not water molecules at all.  So when you pour water into a glass, you're pouring water that is not water.  You're pouring a solid, not a liquid, so the water molecules are not able to form a solid structure.
Hiroshima and Nagasaki were hit by air-burst bombs, which produced a lot of radioactive fallout. Chernobyl was hit by a ground-burst nuclear bomb, which spread radioactive material as far as Australia, India and Japan, and parts of the US.
The domed helmets were designed to give more protection to the head and neck from above. 

It's a joke.
If you were thought to be dead and all your stuff was given out according to your will, including your business, but then you came back?

Your estate will be divided up between your children, your spouse, your parents, your siblings, and the executor of your will.

The executor is the person who is appointed by the deceased to deal with the estate. 

If you come back and you don't have an executor, then the estate will go to the court.
I think it has to do with the fact that you are used to the feeling of your own skin being scratched, and you are not used to someone else's touch.
It's not that we don't want to move on from the combustible engine, it's just that we're not ready for it yet. 

Modern engines are designed to be more efficient than the old ones, but they're also much more expensive to make and maintain.

There are a few reasons for this:

1. The combustion chamber is a lot more complex than it used to be, and requires a lot of work to make it work properly.
2. It's a lot harder to make a new engine than it was in the past.
3. It takes a lot
When you're in wifi, your phone is using the same amount of power as when you're using data.

When you use data, you are using more power than when you are in wifi. 

Your phone uses more power to transmit data than it does to receive data.
When you have water in your eyes, your eyes are filled with a liquid that reflects light. The light is refracted by the liquid, which causes it to look pointy. 

When you don't have water, the liquid doesn't reflect as much light, so the light can't refract as well.
Game of War is a huge game.  It's not just a game, it's a franchise.

It's also a franchise that's been around for a long time.  There's a lot of money to be made off of it.
They don't take pictures of the entire visible universe, they take photos of a specific area of the sky. 

They use a telescope to look at the sky, and then they use a camera to take a picture of that area.
A diode is a device that allows electrons to flow in one direction (called the diode's forward direction) while blocking it in the opposite direction (the reverse direction). As such, it acts as an electronic version of a check valve.
Your intestines are made up of a bunch of cells.  When you eat, your intestines break down the food into smaller pieces.  These smaller pieces are called stools.  

When you poop, the water in the stools is absorbed by your colon.  This is why you get diarrhea.  The water in your stools comes from the water that your colon has absorbed.  It's not the water itself that's the problem, it's the bacteria in your stool that are causing the problem.
He was trying to prove to the world that the United States was a bad guy. He was a terrorist, and he wanted to prove that the US was bad.

He was also trying to show that he was the leader of a terrorist organization, and that they were the enemy of Islam.
It depends on the depth of the land you own.

If you own the land down to the core, then yes, you own it. If you own all the land up to the surface, then no, you don't.
It's called a captive import. 

A captive import is a car that is built in a foreign country and sold in the U.

The reason it's illegal in the US is because it's not made in the USA.  It's made in Japan and sold to the US.
Climate change is a proven thing. 

We have been burning fossil fuels for thousands of years, and we are causing it to get hotter and hotter.

The problem is that we are not doing anything to stop it, and if we do, we will end up having to deal with the consequences of it. 


We can do a lot of things, but none of them are going to be enough to prevent it from happening.
Capitalism is the idea that if you want to make money, you need to be able to compete with other people. 

In the United States, this means that you have to have a lot of competition.

For example, if you have a company that makes a good product, you can sell it to other people, and they will buy it. 


But if you don't have competition, then you can't sell it, and if you do, you'll have to pay a lot more for the product, and you will have to hire more people to do the work.
Single action is a type of gun where the barrel(s) are hinged and can be "broken open" to expose the breech.

Double action is when the barrel is hinged, and the trigger is pulled to rotate the cylinder and cock the hammer.
I think it has to do with the fact that women are required to cover all of their bodies except their breasts, and men are not required to do so.
If and when economic depression hits USA, it affects all the national economies worldwide.

The Great Depression was caused by a combination of things:

1. The stock market crashed

2. There was a lot of speculation in the stock market

3. A lot of money was taken out of the economy

4. The government tried to stimulate the economy by cutting taxes

5. The Fed tried to keep interest rates low

6. The Federal Reserve tried to raise interest rates

7. The US government tried and failed to control inflation

8. There were a lot
NASA is not a passive agency. It is a government agency. 

It is not the case that other government agencies don't need to block out certain portions of pictures they have taken in space.
Degrees make degrees. 

It's just a way of saying "degrees make Celsius".  It's not a unit of measurement, it's a symbol for temperature.

Temperature is a logarithmic measure of temperature.  The Celsius symbol is used in the International System of Units (SI), which is the standard for measuring the temperature of the Earth's surface.  It was originally called "centigrade", and was used to denote the temperature at the surface of the earth.  When the SI system was first developed, it was called the Centigrade system, and it
Disneyland is a theme park and Walt Disney World is a resort.

Disneyland was founded by Walt Disney in the late 60s as a way for him to get people to spend more money. 

Walt Disney World was founded in the early 70s and was originally intended to be an amusement park.  It was originally planned to be a destination for people who wanted to spend a lot of time in the sun, but it was not profitable enough to justify the expense.  So Disney decided to expand the park and turn it into a resort, which is what it is today.
They do a lot of different things. 

1. They do experiments to see if they can figure out what causes the disease.

2. They try to figure out the cause of the disease and how to treat it

3. They also try to find a way to cure it.
I'm not sure, but I think it has something to do with the fact that people are wearing surgical masks when they are in surgery. 

I think it's because it's safer for them to be in a sterile environment than it is to be out in the open.
The death penalty has been around for a long time. 

It's a very controversial issue in the United States, and it's not really a question of "why" but "why not".

There are a lot of reasons.

1. The death penalty is a form of punishment that is carried out by the state, not by the federal government.  The federal government has the power to carry out the death penalty, but the state has the authority to carry it out.  It's a matter of state law, not of federal law.  If a state wants to impose the death
Coffee is made with water, not carbonated water.  

It's not that it's bad for you, it's just that it has a lot of sugar in it.
Water is a conductor of electricity. 

When it dries, the water evaporates from the electrolyte in the water, and the electrons are released into the air, where they can be used as electricity.

Water is also corrosive, which means that it can corrode the capacitors that hold the water in place.
They don't have to.

It's not illegal to do so, but it is illegal for them to do it without permission.
The CIA had nothing to gain by being involved with crack.  They were involved in the crack epidemic because they were trying to get information about crack cocaine.  The crack epidemic was caused by crack cocaine abuse, and the CIA was trying to find out who was responsible for it.

They were also trying to figure out who the crack dealers were, and how much money they were getting from crack dealers.
I think it has to do with phonetics. 

Language has a lot of consonants and vowels that are pronounced in different ways.  For example, in Arabic, the vowels are pronounced differently than in German.

In German, the consonants are pronounced the same way, but the vowel sounds are different.  So, if you want to say something in German, you have to say it in German and then say it out loud in Arabic.
I think it's because of the invention of new dyes that could be mass produced and washed in hot water, which meant that children's clothing could be easily washed without fading.
Stuebenville is a small town in the middle east of the United States. It's a place where there are a lot of poor people who live in poverty. 

In the early 1900s, a group of people decided that they were going to build a school for the poor.  They wanted to make sure that they had a school that would be able to serve all of their needs, and that it would be free of corruption.

They decided to build the school on the grounds that the rich people would pay for it, and the poor people would have to pay for the rest.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it has to do with synaptic plasticity.

When you do something for a long period of time, the neurons in your brain get used to it and start firing in the same pattern. When you don't do that thing anymore, they start to fire in a different pattern. 

It's like how you have a pattern in your head that you keep repeating even after you stop doing it.
I think it's because they're trying to get you to swipe out of time. 

I'm not sure if it's a marketing thing, but I think it has something to do with the fact that touchscreen devices have gotten faster and faster, and they don't want you to have to wait for the screen to refresh.
It heats up the metal to a certain temperature. 

When you use it, you are heating it up to the point where it is hot enough to melt the metal.  This is what you want to do when you are making a connection between two pieces of metal.

If you are using a soldering iron, you want it to be hot enough that it melts the metal and allows the solder to flow into the joint.  If it's not hot enough, you don't want to heat it up enough to make it melt.
It's the oxidation of iron. 

Iron is a metal that has a lot of iron in it.  When it oxidizes, it forms iron(II) hydroxide.  This is the stuff that you smell.

When it's oxidized, it turns to iron(III) oxyhydroxide, which is what gives it that rusty smell.
Paper is made up of many layers. 

Hardwood logs are made of wood that has a lot of moisture in them.  When they are burned, the moisture evaporates from the wood, leaving it dry.

Tissue paper is made of paper that has very little moisture in it, so it doesn't evaporate as much.
He doesn't want to give all his money away to charity, he wants to give it to the people that made it for him....the people that work in all his companies.
It's a combination of two characters. 

_URL_0_

The first one is the symbol for the letter "e".

It's used to represent the letter 'e'.

When you type "e" in a text box, you are typing the character 'e', and the second character 'u' is the character for 'u', which is used in the text box.

So when you type 'e' in a box, it's typing 'u'. When you write 'o', you're typing 'o' in the box, and when you write
Lacan was a French psychoanalyst who worked in Paris during the 1930s and 40s. He was a student of Freud and was a great admirer of Freud's work. 

Lacanian psychoanalysis is a philosophy of psychoanalysis that deals with the relationship between the self and the world.  It is based on Freud's theories of Ego psychology and object relations.  The idea is that the self is a construct of the mind, and that the world is a reflection of the self.  This is a big difference from Freud's theory of the ego, which is a concept that
Israel is a Jewish state, Palestine is a Palestinian state. 

Israel was founded in 1948 by the Jews who were expelled from the land they had been living in for hundreds of years. The Jews were forced to move to Israel by the British, who wanted to give it back to the Jewish people.

The British decided to give the land to the Jews, but the Jews didn't want to give up their land, so they fought a war against the British and won. 


In the end, the British decided that the Jews should be allowed to live in Israel, but they had to give
They know you solved the capcha correctly.

It's not that they know that you solved it correctly, it's that they have a way to tell if you did it correctly. 

The capcha is stored in your browser's DOM, which is the part of the page that tells the browser how to navigate to the page you want to go to.
When you put your clothes on, you're transferring heat from your body to the air around you. 

When you're cold, your body is losing heat to the cold air, and the air is losing it to your skin.

Your clothes are designed to keep you warm, so when you put them on, they're trying to keep your body warm.
Because it is a no fly zone. 

The FAA has to allow planes to land and take off within 1,250 statute miles (2,010 km) of Washington DC.
It's not that they don't work, it's that they're not designed to work. 

Oil additives are designed to break down the oils in the oil to make it easier to get out of the well.

When you pump oil out of a well, you're pumping it into a drum. The drum is filled with a mixture of oil and water, and the water and oil additives are mixed into the mixture. The oil is then pumped into the drum, the water is mixed with the oil additives, and then the drum is pumped back into the well and the oil is pumped out.
It feels good to destroy things.

It's a primal instinct. It's the same reason you feel good when you break things, it's a release of energy.
Formal logic is a system of logic that is used in mathematics and computer science. 

Let's say you want to know how to calculate a number.  You can think of it like this:

1. Let's say we have a list of numbers.  
2. We have a set of symbols that represent the number 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14,15,16,17,18,19,20,21,22,23,24,25,26,27,28,29,30,31,32,33,34,35,36,37,38,39,40,41,
The moon is surrounded by a thin layer of water droplets and sometimes tiny ice crystals of a cloud or on a foggy glass surface. 

When the moon is full, it is illuminated by light from the sun.  When it is not full, the sun's light is reflected off the surface of the moon.
Chromebooks are designed to be used while connected to the internet, so they don't need to be able to handle a lot of things that a PC can handle. 

Chrome is a thin client, which means that it can be used as an ultra-thin client (see above) to access PC or Mac applications that do not run on the internet.

This means that when you use Chrome on a Chromebook, it doesn't have to deal with all the things that make it slow down on a PC.  For example, if you're using Chrome on your PC, you don't
I think it has to do with the shape of the chisel.

A chisel has a curved edge, and a broom has a straight edge. 

When you sweep with a broom, you are sweeping the surface of the floor, not the ground.
I'm not sure what you mean by "world debt" but I'll try to explain it. 

First, let's say you have a loan from a bank.  The bank says they will lend you $100,000.  If you pay them back, they will give you $50,000, but if you don't pay them, they'll loan you $10,000 back.

Now let's take a look at the amount of money that the bank owes you.  They say they will loan you 100,000 dollars, but they say they'll give you back 100,
I think it has to do with the fact that when you finish a great book, you're left with a lot of time to think about it. It's like when you read a good book, it takes a while for your brain to process all the information it has. It takes time to digest it, and when it finally does, you feel like you're done with it.
Your heart is a very complex system. It has a lot of different things going on. 

When you take an electrocardiogram, you are measuring the electrical activity of your heart.  You are measuring how fast your heart is beating, how much blood is being pumped into your heart, and how much oxygen is being drawn out of your blood vessels.

These measurements are then used to calculate the heart rate.  The rate of the heart is measured at rest, and the rate of blood flow is measured when you are at rest.  This is called the Poincaré plot.
Genetics play a role in weight gain and loss. 

If you are genetically predisposed to being obese, you are more likely to be obese than if you follow a calorie-in/calorie-out diet.
Paper is made up of a bunch of tiny little fibers called "fibres". When you cut a piece of paper, you're cutting into a thin layer of the paper. The fibers are so thin that when you cut them, you are cutting through them.

When you tear the paper, the fibers are pushed apart by the force of the cutting, which causes the paper to break apart. 

If you're not careful, you can cut through the paper with a sharpened knife.
I think it's because toast has a lot more moisture in it than plain bread, which makes it more dense and dense.
If you buy stock of a company, you're not buying it at the market price, but at the price the company is willing to pay. 

If you're buying stock at $100, the company will pay you $100 for each share, and if you buy more than that, they will buy you back at the same price.

This is called a "lockup".

A lockup is when the company says that they are going to buy back shares at a certain price, and they won't give you any more if you don't buy them.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm going to try to explain it this way. 

Textbooks are written by a bunch of different people.  They're written by different people for different reasons.  Some of them are written for specific courses, some are written to be used in other courses, and some are just for fun.  
 
The reason they're written for certain courses is because they're designed to be easy to use.  For example, if you're taking a course on physics, you're going to need to read a lot of books.
I'm not a wine expert, but I'll give it a shot.

First, you need to know what grape you're tasting. 

Grapes are made from a variety of different grapes, and they all have different tastes and aromas, so you have to look for the ones that have the most aromas. 


When you taste a wine, you want to find the one that has the strongest aromas and the most flavors, and the one with the most mouthfeel.  This is usually determined by the amount of alcohol in the wine, and how long it has been
It's not that they don't want to, it's just that the government doesn't want them to. 

The NHS is a public institution, and it's not a private company's job to provide healthcare.  It's not like the NHS is privatising the NHS.  The NHS is funded by the people, and the people pay taxes to fund it.  If the NHS were to privatise, it would mean that the people who pay taxes would have to pay for it themselves, and that would be a huge burden on the public finances.
The purpose is to get ahold of your congressperson and let them know they need to talk to you. 

If they don't want to talk with you, you can call them back.
The handrails are designed to keep pace with the speed of the steps. 

When you step onto the stairs, the handrail is moving at the same speed as the steps, but the steps are moving at a different speed.
It's not that they wouldn't profit more from selling all day, it's just that they don't want to have to make as much money as they do from breakfast.
I think it has to do with the way your voice is recorded. 

When you're recording your own voice, you're using a microphone that is very small.  It's not designed to be able to hear your voice, but it's designed to hear the sound of your voice.  When you hear it, you can hear it because it's a very small amount of sound.  You can't hear it as well as you would if you were using a larger microphone.

So, when you hear your own recorded voice, it's like you're hearing a recording of a song.
Macau is on the left side of the road, and Portugal on the right.

Macau was a Portuguese colony for a long time before it was taken over by China, and the Portuguese decided to keep it that way. 

Portugal, on the other hand, is part of the European Union, and is a member of the Schengen area, which is a group of countries that agree to abide by the Vienna Convention on Road Traffic that regulates road traffic.
A pub is a place where people gather to drink alcohol and eat food.

A saloon is a bar, a taver is a restaurant, a tavern is a public house, and a pub is an inn.
Concrete is a mixture of coarse (stone or brick chips) and fine (generally sand or crushed stone) aggregates with a paste of binder material (usually Portland cement) and water. 

Cement is made up of a bunch of tiny crystalline crystals that form a lattice.  When you mix the concrete with water, you're mixing a mixture that has a lot of water in it.  The water molecules are so small that they can't get into the pores of the concrete, so they have to be squeezed out of the pores.

When you pour concrete, the water molecules
When you shake aerosol cans, you're shaking the can, not the can itself.

When you open a can, you are shaking the contents, not just the can.
Monopolies are defined as "a firm that is the only seller of a product or service having no close substitutes."
It's not that he's a bad player, it's that he is a bad coach.  He's not a good leader, he's just a bad football player.  San Fransisco wants to get rid of him because they don't think he's going to be a good coach.
It's called "patent exclusivity" and it's basically a way for a company to control the market for a certain drug. 

For example, if you have a drug that costs $100,000 to make, and you want to sell it for $1,000,000 a year, you can't sell it to anyone else.

But if you make $100 million a year selling it, you have the right to charge 5,000% more for it.
It's called the cosmic microwave background radiation (CMBR). It's the light that we see because it's coming from the very distant galaxies that we can see. 

The CMBR is light that has been emitted by matter that has, in the intervening time, mostly condensed into galaxies, and those galaxies are now calculated to be about 46 billion light-years from us.

We can see this light because we can't see it in visible light, because it is coming from a very distant galaxy, and it's not visible to us.
Tor is a network of computers that are connected to each other.  Each one of them has its own IP address, and each one of those IPs is encrypted.  This means that if you send a message to one of these computers, it will be sent to the other one, and the second one will send it back to the first one.  

If you want to be completely anonymous, you need to encrypt all of your communications.  If you do this, you can't be traced back to your original IP address.

But if you don't encrypt all your communications, then you
It's called metamerism.

Light is made up of a bunch of different wavelengths of light. 

If you look at a piece of paper, you can see that it's made of a lot of different colors.  If you put two pieces of paper on a table, you'll see that one of them is red, and the other is green.  This is called a metameric match.  It means that if you put the same amount of red and green on the table, it will match up with the other two colors.
The earbuds don't need to be connected to a phone to make sound.

They have a speaker in them. 

The speaker is a single coil of wire that connects to the headphone jack.  The coil is connected to the jack, which is the one that connects the phone to the phone.  This is what makes the phone able to talk to the speaker.  When the phone is connected, it sends a signal to the headphones, and the headphones are able to pick up on that signal and play back the signal. 


When the phone isn't connected, the earb
Reddit has a lot of traffic at 4am EST. 

It's because it's the first day of the new year, and Reddit is trying to get people to use their computers before they have to go to work.
It's because it's easier for a male to suck a female's breast than it is for a female to do so.
It's called the Unfair act rule.

Basically, it's a rule that says that if a player or team commits a flagrant and obviously illegal act that has a major impact on the game, they can be penalized for it.
The Oscars are not riddled with politics/bias. 

They are filled with people who work in the film industry.  They are not filled with political people.
They don't get all of their weapons from Syria, they get them from other countries. 

Russia, Turkey, Iran, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, etc.
Free jazz is a genre of music that is based on improvisation. 

The term "free jazz" comes from the words "free" and "improvisation" which are two different things.

Free Jazz is a term that refers to the style of music played by a group of musicians without any rules.  Free Jazz is defined by the fact that the musicians are free to play whatever they want, and there are no rules about what they can or can't do. 


For example, Ornette Coleman, John Coltrane, and many other jazz musicians used to improvise in
Because they are vitamins that are regulated by the FDA.  They have to be tested and approved for safety and efficacy.  

If you are buying a single vitamin, you are not getting the same % of daily value as a multivitamin.  Multivitamins are regulated as a dietary supplement, which means that they have to pass the same safety tests as a regular vitamin.
Ethernet over powerline works by sending a signal through the cable to your computer. 

When you connect your computer to the cable, it sends a signal to your modem, which then sends the signal back to you.

Your computer then connects to the modem, and the modem connects back to the coax line, and then the signal is sent to your router, which connects to your cable, and so on until you get to the end of the line.
Your eyes don't correct themselves.  They can correct themselves, but it takes a lot of effort to correct them.

Your eyes are made up of 6 extraocular muscles.  Each of them has a different function.  When you look at something, you're using the muscles that control the globe of your eye.  If you're looking at something in the wrong direction, you need to use the muscles in the back of your head to correct your eyes.  The muscles in front of your eyes are the ones that control what you see.  

If you're not using the right muscles
I'm not a political scientist, but I'll try to do my best to explain it.

Australia is a parliamentary democracy.  

There are two major parties, the Liberal Party and the Labor Party.  The Liberal Party is the ruling party.  They have a majority in the House of Representatives, which is the lower house of Parliament.  It is the same party as the government, but they have a minority in the Senate.  This means that they have to work with the other parties in order to get their laws passed.  In order to pass laws, they need the support of
I think it's because the taste buds are more sensitive than the smell buds. 

Beer is fermented in the same way that wine is fermented.  When you drink wine, you're tasting the wine, but you're not tasting the smell of the wine.
The Earth's axis is tilted relative to its orbital plane, so at any given Northern Hemisphere latitude sunlight falls more directly on that spot than in December (see Effect of sun angle on climate). This effect causes seasons.
We don't have 1,00 mph wind on Earth.

The reason we don't get 1,000 mph wind is because we have a lot of air in the atmosphere. 

There are a few reasons for this, but the most important is that the air is constantly moving, and the wind is constantly changing directions. 


1. The Earth is rotating.  The air is always moving, but it's not always moving in the same direction.  
2. Air is constantly being pushed around by the earth's rotation.  This causes the air to move in different directions.
ELI5 is a wiki for ELI5. 

It's not a wiki, it's a wikipedia.  It's just a wiki that has a lot of ELI-5 stuff.  
 
_URL_0_
The French Revolution is considered more important than the American one in world history when it came later and had many of the same themes?
There is a lot going on in Australia at the moment.

There are a lot of things going on:

1. There are a number of groups that are trying to recruit people to join the Islamic State. 

2. There is a large number of people who have been radicalised in the last few years. 


3. A lot of people are being radicalized in the Muslim community.  They are being targeted because they are Muslims.  


4. There have been a lot more radicalised people in the past few years who are being attracted to the Islamic faith
I think it's because it's easier to film a scene where the gun's action is cycled than it is in real life. 

In real life, the action of the gun is not cycled, it's cycled by pulling the trigger.  It's just a way to make it look like it is.
The black line is just a way for the card reader to tell if the card is accepted or rejected.  

When you use a credit card, the reader reads the magnetic stripe, which is a strip of metal or plastic that is embedded in the card slot.  When you swipe the card, it tells the computer that the card has been accepted, and if it is rejected, it sends the card back to the bank.

If the card isn't accepted, the computer tells the bank that it can't process the transaction, and it sends back the card's serial number, which the bank uses
Yes, it does. 

Light has momentum, which means that it has to travel at the same speed as the object it is hitting.  If you look at it from a distance, you can see that it is travelling at the speed of light.  But if you are looking at it in the same frame of reference, it will appear to be travelling at a different speed.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm assuming it's motion sickness.

Motion sickness is caused by a mismatch between your brain and your vestibular system. When you're riding a roller coaster, your brain is telling your body that you're moving, but your eyes are telling your brain that you are still standing still. This causes you to feel like you're falling. 

When you're flying on a plane, your body is telling you you're going to fall, but it's telling your eyes that you aren't. This is called the Coriolis effect.
It's called the [Ebbinghaus illusion](_URL_0_).

It's an optical illusion caused by the fact that when the moon is near the horizon, it appears to be larger than when it is higher up in the sky. 

The reason it happens is because the moon appears larger when it's higher up the sky because it has a larger amount of light reflecting off of it.
A proxy is a way for your computer to connect to a server in another country.

A VPN is a method of connecting to another country's internet. 

The difference between a proxy and a VPN is that a proxy connects to the internet from one location to another.  A VPN is used to connect from one place to the other.
Mathematics is not an invention, it is a discovery. 

Newton discovered that the universe is made up of numbers, and that they can be used to describe the universe in a way that we can understand it.

This is not a new idea, it's just that it's been around for a very long time, and has been used in a lot of different ways. 


For example, if you want to know how long it takes to measure something, you need to know the number of atoms in the universe, and how many of them are in a given place.
Joint popping is caused by cavitation. When you crack your knuckles, you're breaking the cartilage in the joint, which causes the fluid in the synovial fluid to expand. The fluid expands and collapses, creating a vacuum. This creates a popping sound.
The Big Short is a satire of the financial crisis of 2008. 

The movie is set in the early 2000s, when the stock market was at its lowest point ever.  It is set during a time when the government was trying to stimulate the economy, but the economy was not doing so well.  The stock market crashed, and the government had to bail it out.

In the movie, the government is trying to bail out the banks, but they are not doing well.



In reality, there was a lot of money in the market in 2008, but it was not as
It's not that it's free, it's that it takes a lot of time and effort to find the phone number. 

If you're looking for a phone number, you need to go to the phone company's website and find it.  If you're trying to find a person, you have to go through the directory of phone companies and look for their phone numbers.

There's no central database of cell phone numbers, so it's not like you can just go to a phone company and look up their phone number for free.
I'm not sure what you mean by "next gen" graphics, but I think it's a bit of a misnomer. 

The graphics in the new generation are more complex, but they're still very good.

There are a lot of things going on, but the main thing is that they're not as good as they used to be.  They're more complex because they're using a lot more memory, which means that they have to do more work to render the same image.  This means that it takes a lot longer for the graphics card to render a single pixel.
The Coast Guard takes possession of the seized items. 

They are not allowed to sell them.  They are required by law to do so.

If they don't want to, they will return them to the rightful owners.
I think it's because they're trying to keep up with all the news that's going on in the world. 

If you don't see the top stories, you're missing out on a lot of interesting stuff.
They don't get anything out of it.

Torrenting is a way for people to make money.  They don't make money by selling the content, they make money from the people who use it.
Inverse condemnation is when the government takes a portion of the land from the owner of the property, and then gives it back to the tenant. 

Say you have a lease for 6 months for $1,000 per month, and the government wants to take 25% of the rent you pay for the first 4 months of the lease.

If the land is worth more than that, then the government can take the land and give you the rest of the money for the remaining 4 months.
If the President were assassinated before being sworn in, the Vice President would be sworn in as the acting President. 

The Vice President is appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives, and the House would vote on who should be the next President.

In the event of the President being assassinated, the House and Senate would meet in a special session to elect a new President.
Ducks like bread because it's soft and easy to eat.

Bread has a lot of protein and fat in it, which is why they like it.
It has nothing to do with religion/God.

Climate change is caused by human-caused climate change. 

Evolution is based on the theory of spontaneous generation, which is not based on natural selection.
Hair is made up of keratin, which is a protein that binds to the hair follicles and keeps them in place. 

Different hair types have different proteins that bind to the keratin and cause them to grow in different ways.

For example, black people have more melanin in their hair than white people, which causes their hair to be darker.
It's not discrimination, it's privilege.

White people have a lot of advantages that other groups don't have. 

For example, in the United States, there are many laws that say that you can't discriminate against people based on their race, but you can discriminate against them based on who they are.
I think it's because your tongue is more susceptible to biting it in the same spot than your cheek. 

I'm not sure, but I think it has to do with the way your tongue works.  Your tongue has a lot of nerves in it.  When you bite your tongue, you're using the muscles in your tongue to move the food between your teeth.  If you don't use those muscles enough, you'll end up biting the same place over and over again.
Your eyes have two types of cones, L and M cones. L cones are the ones that sense red, green, and blue light. M cones are those that sense green and blue. 

When you see red light, your L cones detect it as red, and your M cones sense it as blue.

Your S cones detect green and yellow light as yellow, and the M cones detect red and green light as green.
It's not that we like the taste of chocolate, it's that we can't taste it. 

Our taste buds are located on the back and front of our tongue, and we can only taste things that are sweet, salty, sour, bitter, and umami.

We don't have the ability to taste chocolate because it's not sweet enough for our taste buds to be sensitive to it.
They don't. 

Bugs have very long furcula, which allows them to stand on their feet.  They can also use their legs to push against the ground, which is why they are able to walk on the ground.
They don't. 

It's not that they come up with the names themselves, it's that they find the best way to describe the drug in the scientific literature.

For example, if you want to know what a drug is, you need to look up the name of the drug.  If you don't know the drug's name, you can look it up in the abstracts of the scientific papers that are published in the medical journals.  The abstracts are written by the authors of the papers, and they can tell you what the drug is supposed to do.  They can also
I think it has to do with the fact that parents tend to stay the same age for long periods of time to their kids. 

My mom was 45 for several years at one point.
It's called the "fight or flight" response. When you're scared, your brain sends out signals to other parts of your brain telling them that you need to run, fight, or freeze. 

Adrenaline is a hormone that your body produces to help you fight or run. It's a chemical that is released by the hypothalamus, which is the part of the brain that controls your heart rate, breathing rate, blood pressure, and blood flow to your extremities.

When you're stressed, your body releases a hormone called adrenalin, which causes your heart to pump more blood into
The 4:3 aspect ratio was chosen because it was the standard for 35mm film back in the early days of the medium, and it was easier to use than the 16:9 aspect ratio that was used for widescreen movies back then.
The French constitution says that the President must be elected by the popular vote, and the Prime Minister must be chosen by the National Assembly.

The reason for this is that the president is the head of the executive branch of government, while the prime minister is responsible for the legislative branch.
No, it's not technically lighter than colder objects. 

If you're talking about mass, it depends on a lot of things, but the most important one is the amount of energy it takes to heat up an object.

When you heat an object up, it takes more energy to move it than it does to cool it down, so it's lighter. 


When it's cold, the object is moving at the same speed as it is at rest, so its mass is the same as its mass. When it's hot, it is moving faster than it is resting, so the
The 24 hour clock is the standard system used in most of the world. It is based on the 12 hour clock that is used in the UK. 

In the US, we use the 24 hour system because we have a 12 hour day.
Your eyes are made up of a bunch of cells called photoreceptors. Some of them are photosensitive, and some are not. 

When light hits your eyes, it causes them to change color.

If you have a genetic mutation that causes your eyes to change from brown to green, it's because your eyes are not photosensitive enough to absorb enough light to make a color space.
They monitor your connection to the server.  

The server knows your IP address, and it knows where you are.  The server knows where your computer is.  It also knows what you are doing on the internet.

If you are using a VPN, the server knows that you are connecting to a server that is not your own.  So it knows that your computer isn't connected to your home network.  If you are connected to a home network, then the server will know that you're connected to someone else's network, so it will know who you are and what you're doing
The spammers aren't getting anything out of it.

They're just getting paid for spamming.
When you die, all of the atoms in your body are gone. 

When you are alive, the atoms that make up your cells are still there, but they are no longer capable of doing their job.

The atoms that don't make up the cells that do make the cells are called the mitochondria, and they are the ones that are responsible for the energy that makes up your body.
They don't do anything for society.

The Queen is the head of the government, and as such she has the authority to make all the decisions that she wants to make.
It's called knismesis.

It's a defense mechanism. When you're tickled, your brain sends a signal to your hypothalamus, which is the part of your brain that controls your body's nervous system, telling your brain to take a break. 

If you're not ticklish, it's because you don't want to be tickled.
1-5-6-4 is a chord progression that was popular in the 60s and 70s. It was popular because it was easy to learn, easy to play, and easy to write.

It was also popular because of the fact that it was the first chord progression to be written in a major scale, and it was written by people who were not trained in the major scale.
Judges have the power to make laws, but they don't have the authority to enforce them. The Constitution gives them that power, but it doesn't give them the ability to enforce those laws. 

The Supreme Court is the one entity that can do that, and it's the one that makes the laws.

There are a lot of cases where the Supreme Court has ruled that a law is unconstitutional, but that doesn't mean that the law can't be upheld by the lower courts. The Supreme Court can overturn a lower court's decision, and the lower court can't overturn a higher court's
It depends on the computer. Computers are programmed to do arithmetic. 

For example, if you have a calculator, you can program it to do multiplication, division, and square root.

If you want to know how to multiply, divide, and multiply, you need to know that multiplication and division can be done in binary form, and divide by binary numbers.
I think it's because the sound is similar to the warning call of a primate, back in prehistoric times. 

_URL_0_
They can't force you to pay for elective courses that are completely unrelated to the major you are pursuing.

They can, but they don't have the authority to do so.
It's called [Saccadic suppression of image displacement](_URL_0_). It's a phenomenon where your brain selectively blocks visual processing during eye movements in such a way that large changes in object location in the visual scene during a saccade or blink are not detected.
Heat pumps have existed for a long time. 

Heat pumps were first used in industrial buildings in the late 1800s and early 1900s.  They were originally used to pump water out of the pipes to the water heater.

Modern heat pumps use a direct exchange heat pump.  This means that the water is pumped directly into the system and the heat is transferred to the heat exchanger.  The water is then cooled by the heat pump, which is then used to heat the water in the pipes.  A heat pump works by using the heat from the water to heat up the pipes, which
It's not that they can't google the answer, it's that they don't know the answer. 

If you're taking an online test, you're not going to be able to find the answer on the internet.  You're going to have to fill out a form and fill it out.  If you don't have a form, you can't fill out the form.
It's because it's easier to get into the car without a key. 

It's also easier to start the car if you don't have a key, and it's safer to leave the key in the car.

Also, if you have a valet key, you can use it to open the trunk or the glove compartment.
The bumpers are not fluffy, they are made out of metal. 

The reason they are not made of fluff is because they do not have the strength to withstand the weight of the bumpers.
Colorado is one of the fittest states in the US. 

The reason is that it is located on the eastern edge of the Rocky Mountains, which means that it has a lot of land to grow crops on.  
 
Also, Colorado is a very arid state, meaning that there is very little rainfall.  This means that the air is very dry, which is good for growing crops.
The sun is not orbiting something else.  It is orbiting the center of the solar system.

It's just a matter of how far away it is.
Your body needs energy to make ATP, which is a chemical energy molecule that is used to power your muscles. 

When you eat a lot of calories, your body needs to make more ATP, so it needs to burn more calories to get the energy it needs.

If you're not eating enough calories to make enough ATP, then your body will need to use more energy to produce more ATP.
When you sleep, your body is trying to regulate your body temperature. When you wake up, it's trying to do the same thing. 

When you breathe, you're trying to keep your body's temperature at a certain temperature.  Your body is also trying to maintain a certain amount of oxygen in your blood.  When you're not breathing, your blood isn't getting enough oxygen, and your body can't get enough oxygen.

Your body needs oxygen to keep you warm, so when you're sleeping, your brain is telling your body that it needs to cool down.  This is why
Parallel was faster than serial, because a serial bus inherently has no timing skew or crosstalk. 

Parallel is faster because it has more electrical connections, but it's also slower because of timing skew.

The parallel bus is faster than the serial bus because it doesn't have to deal with timing skew, and it's more efficient.
It's not going to affect ordinary internet browsing. 

It's going to make it more difficult for people to get porn on their phones.  It's already illegal for people under 18 to access porn on the internet, so it will make it harder for them to get it.
Tobacco smoke contains many of the same carcinogens as cannabis. 

Cannabis contains THC, which is a psychoactive chemical that causes euphoric feelings, but it's not as addictive as tobacco.
I think it has to do with the number of reps needed to build up the muscle mass. If you lift a lot of weight in a set of 4-6 reps, you will build up more muscle mass than if you lift less weight.
It's not a case where if everybody owes then no one does.

It's a case of the government having to pay interest on its debt, and the rest of the world paying interest on their own debt. 

There are a lot of countries that are in debt, but not all of them.
It's called "anti-tamper". 

Basically, it's a piece of software that is designed to make it harder for someone to break into a computer.

For example, let's say you have a computer that has a chip in it.  The chip has a number of things it can do.  It can do a lot of things, but it can't do everything.  For example, it can send a message to the OS telling it to do something, or it can tell the OS to do a bunch of other things.  If you break into the OS, you
Plastic is not biodegradable. It doesn't biodegrade as easily as other materials, and it doesn't have a long enough shelf life to decompose.

The ocean is full of water, and the water is constantly moving, so the plastic is constantly being pushed out of the way by the ocean currents. 

There are two main ways that the plastic ends up in the ocean. First, it gets washed up on beaches, and then it gets caught in the currents. The currents are strong enough to carry it, but not strong enough for it to stay in the water long enough
I think it has to do with timing.  

When you're on the air, you're listening to the radio, and you're hearing the music playing.  You're also listening to your own voice, and the music that's being played.  If you're not paying attention to the music, you can't hear what's playing, so you have to pay attention to what's being said.

If you're paying attention, you'll notice that the music is playing at the same time.  That's because the radio is playing the same song over and over again.  It's
D3, 2, 1.

D3 means "drive" and 2 means "disk".

1.
1 means "file" and drive means "data".


D3 is for files, 2 is for data, and 1 is for information.
I think it has to do with the way the house is built and how it is decorated. 

If you live in a house with a lot of storage space, it's easier for things to be stored in there.  If you have lots of storage, it can be easier for stuff to get into the house.

Also, the smell of the house can be influenced by the type of plants that live in it.  Plants that grow in the house will have different scents.  For example, if you have a big old oak tree in the front yard, it will have a different smell
The President is the Commander-in-Chief of the United States.  He has the authority to do whatever he wants.  

If he committed a murder in his bedroom and the Secret Service came and saw it, they would be obligated to arrest him.
Electromagnetic EMP is caused by a strong magnetic field. 

Electromagnetism is caused when a magnetic field is generated.

A strong enough magnetic field can bend the electrical conductivity of a material, causing it to conduct electricity in a way that causes it to flow in a different direction than it would otherwise.  This is called an EM pulse.  The energy of the EMP is so strong that it can be absorbed by the surrounding environment.
Chrome and Firefox have built-in "incognito" mode. When you use it, you can hide your browser history, but you can't hide your search history. 

Chrome has built in the ability to block third-party trackers, so they can't use it to track you.

Firefox doesn't have this feature, so it doesn't work.
A linear regression is when you take a set of data points and compare them to each other. 

For example, say you have a list of all the people you know who have died in the last 10 years.

If you look at the list of people who died, you can see that the number of deaths is increasing over time.  This is called a trend.  If you take that list of deaths and compare it to all the deaths in the past 10 years, you will see that there are more deaths than deaths over the last ten years.  
 
Now, if you
It's not that we don't need food and water, it's just that we can't get it. 

We can get water from the atmosphere, but it's not as easy to get as it is on Earth.

Air is a lot harder to come by in space than it is here on earth, and it's a lot more expensive to get it from the ground.
When you drink fizzy drinks, your body is trying to get rid of a lot of water in your blood. Your eyes are trying to keep the water out of your eyes, so when you drink too much, they start to dry out.
It's called the [Red Eye Reflex](_URL_0_). It's a reflex that happens when your eyes are exposed to a lot of light. 

Your eyes are made up of a bunch of different materials, including the cornea, aqueous humor, crystalline lens, and vitreous humor. When you smoke weed, the smoke gets into your eyes and causes them to dry out, which causes the tears to come out of your eyes.
Forex trading is when you buy and sell currency. 

Say you have $1,000,000 in cash and you want to sell it for $1.50.

You can buy the cash at the current exchange rate and sell it at the future exchange rate.
It's called a ROM.  It's basically a set of instructions that tell the OS what it needs to do.  For example, if you want to make a video player, you need to know how to access the video card and how to connect it to the display.  You can do this by writing a ROM that tells the OS which video card to connect to.  

If you're not familiar with Android, you can check out [this thread](_URL_0_) on /r/askandroid.
Capsaicin is a chemical in the capsaicin family of compounds. Capsaicin activates the receptors in your tongue that detect heat. When you eat spicy foods, your tongue is stimulated by the chemical, which causes it to fire.
The maturity of the sperm has nothing to do with fertilizing an egg. It's a measure of the ability of the semen to accomplish the task of fertilizing the egg.
Your body produces a hormone called aldosterone, which causes your kidneys to produce more urine than your bladder can hold.

When you drink a lot of water, your body uses this hormone to increase the amount of urine it can hold, which is why you can't completely empty your bladder until it's time to let it go.
I think it's because the air above the ground is warmer than the air below it. 

When it's cold, the air is colder than the ground, so it's easier for water vapor to form into ice crystals.

But when it's warm, it's harder for water to form ice crystals into ice.
Mao Zedong was the biggest mass murderer in history.

He was the leader of the Communist Party of China, which was the ruling party of the People's Republic of China at the time.  He was also the most powerful leader in the history of the world. 

The reason he was so powerful is because he was the first leader of a Communist party that was able to control the entire world, and he was also one of the first leaders of a communist party that could control a large number of people.  The reason he could control so many people was because he had the military and the
OpenVPN is an open source VPN.  It is a protocol that allows you to connect to a VPN server over the Internet.  

It is not a "web-based" VPN shown as a web page such as Citrix or Terminal Services Web access; the program is installed independently and configured by editing text files manually, rather than through a GUI-based wizard.
It's not because they're symmetrical, it's because of the way they form. 

When ice crystals form, they don't touch each other.  They're made up of water molecules, and the water molecules are attracted to each other, but they're also attracted to other water molecules.  So they're attracted to the same water molecules in different ways.

The more water molecules there are, the more symmetrical they are.  The more water there is, the easier it is for them to stick together.  If there's a lot of water in the air, the harder it
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it has something to do with the fact that you're reading "news" and not "books". 

If you read "news", it's because you want to know what's going on in the world.  If you read books, you're trying to learn about the world, but you're not really interested in learning about it.
America's need to have a worldwide 'presense'. 

It's not that America is the only superpower, it's that it's the most powerful country in the world.
Yes, there is a legal precedent. 

Jenna McCarthy is suing the government for not vaccinating her son.  The government has to pay her $100,000 to settle the case.
It's called free-vortex flow. 

When you pour water into a glass, the water is moving in a circular motion, and the water at the center of the bowl or cup spins at relatively high speed.  This causes the water to move in a spiral.  When you pour the water into the glass, you're pushing the water out of the way of the spinning part of the water, which causes it to roll down the glass instead of pouring.
Zoos and aquariums have a lot of benefits and downsides. 

The biggest benefit is that they provide an opportunity for the animals to interact with the public.  They are a place where people can learn about the animals and interact with them in a way that they would never be able to do in the wild.
The Westboro Baptist Church is not a hate group. 

They are a religious organization, which means they have the same rights as any other religious organization.  They are allowed to protest the funerals of members of the military, which is a protected right under the First Amendment to the Constitution.
Javascript precision is reduced for numbers greater than 15 characters.

The reason for this is because the Unicode character database contains a lot of information about how many characters there are in the alphabet. 

For example, if you want to know how many letters in the Latin alphabet there are, you need to know the number of letters that make up the alphabet, and how many of those letters are in each character. 


This information is stored in the character database called the Unicode Character Database.  It's a huge database, and it contains information about every single character in the entire alphabet, so you
I think it has to do with the fact that once you start eating them, your brain starts thinking about how much calories they are. 

When you eat a handful of chips, it's like eating a piece of cake.  Your brain thinks, "hey, this cake is a lot of calories, but it's not that bad for me, so I'll eat another handful."

But once you've eaten a handful, you start thinking, "Oh, I'm not going to be able to stop eating this cake, I'll just have another handful".

Your brain is telling you that
The movie is set in a small town in the middle of the night. 

There are two men who work for the local police force.  They are the night watchman and the town's chief of police.  The nightwatchman is shot and killed, and the chief is arrested.  He is not the only one who is suspected of the crime, but he is the one who gets away with it.

The chief is not a good guy, and he is not going to let the police arrest him.  So he goes to the police station and tells them that he is going to
It's called "sequential looping".

When you play a song, the music is played in a series of tracks. 

For example, if you're playing a song in a video game, you can play the first track, and then the second track, then the third track and so on until you reach the end of the song.

If you play the song in the same order, you'll get the same effect.  The music is playing at the same time, but it's playing at different speeds.  This means that the music will play at different tempos.
Your brain has a bunch of neurons in your ears that send out signals to your brain to tell it what's going on. When you're asleep, your brain interprets these signals and interprets them as sound. 

When you're awake, the neurons are firing at different frequencies, and your brain doesn't have enough time to process them all, so it sends out a signal to the brain that says "hey, it's time for me to go to sleep".

Your brain then interprets that signal as a "wake up" signal, and sends it to your ears.

If you
I think it has to do with the fact that as a baby, you don't know what's going to happen to you. You don't have any idea what you're going to do if you get hurt. 

It's not that you're afraid of being hurt, it's that you are afraid of getting hurt.
Your bottom molars are closer to the front of your jawbone than your upper molars.  This is because they are the ones that hold the jawbone in place.  When you chew, you are biting down on your lower molars, which means that they are rubbing against each other.
Svchost.exe is a command line utility that allows you to run commands in your task manager. 

When you run it, it tells your computer to do a bunch of things.

The first thing it does is create a list of all the tasks that are currently running, and then it tells the task manager which ones to run. 



_URL_0_

This list is what you see when you run svchost:

1.   
2.  The list of tasks that have been created

3.  A list of
Perfume is made up of a lot of different scents.  

One of the most common is musk.  It's the smell of musk from the wood that is used to make the perfume.  The smell of wood is the same as that of alder.  When you put perfume on your skin, you're putting it in contact with the wood.  This is why it smells like an old lady.
Pearls are a byproduct of the process of creating the shell. 

They are not naturally occurring.  They are artificially created.  The shell of a pearl oyster is made of calcareous concretions (calcium) that form when the shell is exposed to water.  When the shell of an oyster gets exposed to the water, the calcium is broken down and the shell begins to form pearls.

It is not rare to find pearls in oysters, but they are not natural.  It is rare for them to be found in wild oysters because they are
Because the Australian dollar is worth less than the US dollar. 

The US dollar is used as the reference currency for international trade, so if you buy something in Australia and sell it in the US, you pay more in dollars than you pay in Aussie dollars.
It's a bit of a mixed bag. 

The oil is made up of a lot of different types of hydrocarbons, some of which are naturally occurring, and some that are not.  Some of them are produced by sand, some are produced from shale, some from sea buckthorn oil, some come from tar sand.

Shale oil comes from the shale, which is a type of rock that is rich in oil.  The oil is extracted from the rock, and the sand is used to break down the oil and turn it into sand.  This means that the oil is
The European Union was formed in the late 1950s as a result of the collapse of the European Economic Community (EEC). 

The EEC was a group of countries that wanted to create a single currency, but were unable to do so because they were too small and too dependent on the Soviet Union.

They decided to form a common currency, which they called the Euro, which was based on the British pound.  The idea was that the Euro would be a stable currency that could be used to buy goods and services from other countries without having to worry about inflation.  This meant that they would
Iran has been trying to get a nuclear weapon for a long time. They have been doing it under the guise of a civilian nuclear program. 

Israel has been doing the same thing for decades, but they have been caught up in the middle of it.

In the past, Iran has been accused of trying to develop nuclear weapons, and Israel has been accusing them of being involved in terrorist activities.
Time is a spatial dimension. 

If you look at a clock, you can see that it is moving in a straight line, but you can't physically see time.

You can also see that time is a temporal dimension, which means that you can perceive time in multiple ways. 


For example, if you are standing in the same place at the same time, but the clock is moving at different speeds, then you can tell that you are in the past and the future are moving in different directions.  This is called simultaneity, and it can be explained by Einstein's theory of
A light saber is a device that emits a series of pulses of light at different frequencies at different times. 

It's basically like a flashlight, but with a laser instead of a flashlight.
The set of rational numbers is countably infinite. 

Let's say you have a set A and B, and you want to know how many rationals there are in A.

Now, if you divide A into two parts, you can see that A contains all rationals less than some irrational number (π, say) and B has no rationals greater than it, then A has no largest rational.  So, the set A is countable.  Now, let's divide B into two more parts, and let's say that A has a maximum number of rationals, and B
I'm not sure what you mean by paranoid, but I think it has to do with the fact that we are living in a world where we are constantly being watched. 

The government has a lot of power and can do anything they want to do to us.  They can spy on us, they can track our every move, and they can even spy on our phone calls, emails, text messages, etc.

It's not that we don't have things to hide, we just don't want them to know that we're watching them.
The transformer is made up of a series of metal plates that are connected to the ground. When lightning strikes the ground, it causes a voltage spike in the ground that causes the ground to short circuit. The ground is a conductor of electricity, and when electricity is short-circuited it causes the electricity to flow into the transformer, causing it to overheat and explode.
The earth does not rotate in an eastward direction. It rotates in a north-south direction. 

If you want to take advantage of the rotation of the earth, you would have to go straight up, and then straight back down again in a place west of your origin, taking advantage of gravity.
It's not the only state with recreational marijuana that people talk about, when it is legal in four.

It's the one that is the most talked about.
I think it's because amphetamines are a stimulant, not a depressant. 

It's not that they're bad for you, it's that they make you feel good about yourself.
Dogs lick their faces because it's easier for them to see, and because they're used to it. 

It's also a way to communicate to other dogs that they're safe and secure.
Mars, Jupiter, and Venus are not planets. They are moons of other planets. 

We use the word "planet" to refer to the sphere of Earth, not the planets themselves.
I think it has to do with hygiene. 

When you eat with your hands, you are cleaning the food with your mouth.  You don't want it to be contaminated by your saliva.
Elevation affects how sound travels through the air, but it doesn't affect the frequency of the sound. 

When you hear someone's voice, the first sound waves to disappear are the high pitched, high-frequency (short wavelength) ones.

As you get higher, the higher you go, the more frequencies you can't hear.
If you opt out of third party cookies, you're telling your browser to do two things:

1. You're telling it not to store any information about you on the server.

2. It's telling the server that you don't want it to store anything about you.
Animals don't get nosebleeds because they don't have the same amount of mucus in their noses that humans do. 

Humans have a lot of mucous in our noses, which is why we get them.
I'm not sure what you mean by "India's Daughter" but I'll give it a shot. 

Radha was raped by a man named Bandarkar.

He raped her because he thought she was attractive and wanted to make a name for herself in the entertainment industry.  He thought that she was a good dancer, so he took her to a club where she would dance and he would pay her for sex.  When she refused, he beat her up and raped her.  She told her parents about it, but they didn't believe her and didn't want to believe her.
They don't. 

Your house isn't sealed.  It's just not designed for them to be able to get in.  If you want to keep them out of your house, you need to keep your windows and doors closed.
When it's dark, the light is bouncing off of everything in the room. This bounces off of your eyes and causes the image to look grainy. 

The reason it looks grainy is because your eyes can't distinguish between the light bouncing off the walls and the light coming from the light source.
Adblock works like this:

1. The ad blocker blocks the ads.

2. Flux blocks the adverts. 

3. The ads aren't really ads, they're a way for the ad blocker to tell the ad-hosting company that they're not allowed to display the ad. 


4. If you don't use adblock, you can't see the ads, so the ad company doesn't make any money.
5. They don't have to pay you for the privilege of using the adblocker, they just don't want you to see
Kosher meat is prepared by a rabbi.  The rabbis are paid by the company that produces it. 

Kosher foods are prepared in the same way as any other food.  They are prepared according to the laws of the religion.  
 
The difference is that the rabbis pay the company to prepare the food, and the company pays the rabbi to oversee the preparation of the food.
Hypnosis is a form of mind control. When you're under hypnosis, you're not consciously aware of what you're doing, but you're subconsciously doing it. 

When you're being hypnotized, your brain is telling you to do something, and you don't realize what it's telling you until you do it.
It doesn't prevent further brain damage, but it does prevent the brain from being damaged in the first place. 

When a person is in a coma, the brain is not able to respond to external stimuli, such as pain, light, sound, etc.  This means that the brain doesn't have the ability to repair itself.  The brain can't repair itself, so it can't function properly.
An availability cascade is a chain of events. 

Supply chain:

1. There is a lot of demand for a product.

2. There are lots of people who want that product

3. The supply chain has to keep up with the demand

4. The demand for the product is increasing

5. The company needs to keep track of how much of the product they have and how long it will take for it to be delivered

6. They need to make sure they have the right amount of time to deliver it

7. They have to make
We don't have perfect eyesight, but we do have a very good sense of depth perception. 

Our eyes are not perfect, but they are very good at detecting light, and they can tell us where things are.
Entrapment is when law enforcement officials cause an offense to be committed which would not have occurred had it not been for their involvement.

Bait cars and hookers are not considered entrapment.
If time travel becomes possible, then it's already happened.

The laws of physics don't allow for time travel to happen. 

If you travel back in time, you're going through space and time at the speed of light.  If you travel forward in time you're traveling through time at a faster rate than light, and if you travel backwards in space you're travelling at a slower rate.
Ukraine is a country with a lot of ethnic Russians living in it, and a large number of ethnic Ukrainians. 

Russia has been trying to expand its influence in Ukraine for a long time, but Ukraine has been fighting back and forth with Russia for control of parts of the country.

Ukraine has been a part of the EU since the end of the Cold War, and the EU has been pushing for Ukraine to join the EU, but Russia has not been willing to give up control of the region.
A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled experiment is a type of study where you randomly assign a group of people to a treatment group and a control group to a placebo group, and then follow them for a long period of time to see how they do. 

The idea is that you can't tell which group is getting the treatment and which is receiving the placebo, so you can measure the difference between the two groups.
Interest is a measure of how much money you have in your bank account.  

If you have $100,000 in cash, and you want to borrow $10,000 from a bank, you have to pay them $1,000.

But if you take out a mortgage, you need to pay $5,000 for the first 10 years of the loan, and then $10K for the next 10 years. 


So if you borrow $5K for 10 years, the interest rate is $1.50.  If you lend $10k, you pay $
Lamps don't get brighter before they die, they get brighter when they get older. 

Lamps are made of mercury vapor lamps.  When the lamp is turned on and off, it heats up and cools down.  This causes the mercury vapor to expand and contract, which causes the phosphors inside the lamp to change color.

When the lamp gets older, the phosphor in the lamp wears out.  The phosphors are coated with a special material that allows the light to pass through them.
Fever is caused by an increase in the body's core temperature. Your body's body temperature is regulated by the hypothalamus, which is a part of the brain that controls the body temperature.

When your body is hot, your body produces a hormone called Pyrogens, which causes your body to produce more heat. When your body's temperature is low, the Pyrogens are not produced. When it's high, the pyrogens are produced, and the body produces more heat, causing you to feel cold.
It's not that loud noises actually damage our hearing, it's just that the sound travels through your eardrum, which is the part of your ear that receives sound. 

When you hear a loud noise, your brain interprets it as a vibration, and sends it to your brain, which interprets that as a sound. Your brain then interprets the vibration as a signal to your ear, which causes your ear to be able to hear the sound.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it has to do with the size of the vocal cords. 

When you're young, your vocal cords are very short, but as you get older, they get bigger and bigger. The size and development of adult lungs also changes what the voice is physically capable of doing.
No. 

There are a lot of studies that have been done in the past that are still valid, but they are not reproducible.

The Stanford experiment was a great example of this.  It was a huge success, but it was also a huge failure.  There are lots of other experiments that have failed to replicate the results of the Stanford experiment.  For example, there are many studies that use the same methods, but with different methods.  These studies are called "replication studies" and they are done by randomizing the participants and randomly assigning them to different groups of people.
The speed of USB 2.0 is due to the fact that it uses the same number of pins as USB 1.1.

USB 1.0 uses 4 pins, but it uses them in a way that allows you to flip-flop them so that they are connected to each other at the same time. 

When you flip a pin, you are using the pins that are connected at the opposite ends of the cable.  This means that you can use more pins to transmit data.  The more pins you have, the more data you can transmit.  When you flip the pins,
If the U.S. lost World War II, we would have been wiped out.  We would have had to rebuild from scratch.

We would have to rebuild our economy, our infrastructure, our military, and our political system.  It would have taken a long time, and it would have cost a lot of money.
There are a lot of factors that go into the price of meat. 

1. Quality of the meat.

Beef and pork are two different breeds of cattle, and the quality of the beef and pork is determined by how much of it has been slaughtered and how much has been processed.  The more expensive the meat, the more expensive it is.  For example, if you're talking about beef, the higher the grade, the better it is, but if you are talking about pork, the lower the grade and the less it is processed, the less expensive it will be.
It's not that simple, it's that they were able to use it to study the universe.

Newton and Galileo used a telescope to observe the planets and moons of the solar system. They used it to calculate the orbits of the planets, determine the size of the sun, and calculate the speed of the earth's rotation. They also used the telescope to determine the distance between the sun and the earth.
I'm not an expert on this, but I'll try to explain it as best I can.

The company is a company that makes an app that allows you to see what other people are wearing.  It's like an augmented reality (AR) app for jewelry.  

Imagine you have a piece of jewelry, and you want to buy it.  You go to a store and buy it, but you don't want to wear it in real life.  Instead, you want it to look like you're wearing it in the real world.  So, you go to the store,
It's a cultural thing. It's not a medical thing, it's a religious thing. 

In ancient times, it was a way to punish the boy for being caught masturbating. It was also a way for the boy to get rid of phimosis, which is a condition where the penis is too small to be used for masturbation.

It's still a thing today, but it's not as widely practiced as it was in ancient times. There are a lot of people who still do it, but not as much as there used to be.
It's not just the mattress, it's also the sheets and pillows. 

Hotels have a lot of sheets that are made of soft, breathable fabric.  The sheets are soft, the pillows are soft and warm, and the bedding is soft.  These things combine to make for a very comfortable bed.
Hangnails are caused by a defect in the nail matrix. The nail matrix is the tissue that connects the nail to the nail shaft. When you get a nail cut, the nail doesn't grow back as it should. Instead, it grows out of shape. This causes the nail stem to bend, and the nail will grow back in the wrong shape.

This is why you can get them if you don't clip your nails regularly. 

There are a few things you can do to prevent them, but they're not really preventable.
No, they can't touch each other.

If you're talking about two perfectly round spheres, they're not perfectly round. They're perfectly round because they're made out of the same material.
The president has the power to pardon people convicted of crimes that are not crimes of treason. 

He can't pardon someone who has been convicted of a crime of treason, but he can pardon people who have been found guilty of crimes of conspiracy to commit treason.

If the president wanted to pardon the Green River Killer, he could, but it would be a violation of the First Amendment to the Constitution, which prohibits him from doing so.
When you see someone puke, your body sends signals to your brain telling you that you need to vomit. Your brain interprets that as a signal to your stomach to start emptying your bowels.

When you hear someone vomit, your brain tells your body that it's time for you to puke.
It depends on the type of wood you're using. 

If you are using wood from a natural source, like a forest, then yes, it is a negative impact on the environment.

However, if you are burning wood from an artificial source, such as wood from the ground, then it is not a negative effect.
Political parties are a way for people to express their opinions. 

In the US, we have two major parties: the Democrats and the Republicans.

There are many smaller parties, but the two main ones are the Democratic Party and the Republican Party.
It depends on the country. 

In Canada, the federal income tax is a flat tax, and the provincial income taxes are a progressive tax.

For example, if you earn $100,000 a year, you pay the federal tax on $50,000 of your income, and pay the provincial tax on the rest of it, and so on, until you get to $200,000. 


In other words, you're taxed on $10,000, but you don't pay any income tax at all on $20,000 in income.



If you earn
Zircon is a mineral that has been mined for thousands of years.  It's a very hard mineral to extract from the ground, and it's very hard to find.

The zircon that we have today is made of quartz, which is much harder to extract.  We have to use a lot more energy to extract it than we used to, and we can't get it from the earth as easily as we could with other minerals.  Zircon can be extracted from rocks, but it's not as easy as it sounds.  If you want to get it, you have to
The operating system they use is called Windows NT. 

Windows NT is a family of operating systems that is based on the operating system that runs on Windows 95.  It was originally developed by Microsoft in the 80s, and is the basis of Windows 98.  The operating system is designed to run on a variety of different hardware, and has a number of different features.  For example, windows windows is a windowing system, and windows 8.1 is a browser.  Windows 7 is a desktop version of Windows, and Windows 8 is a mobile version.

Microsoft also makes a lot of
The extra gears are to make it easier for the computer to calculate the speed of the engine.  

When you are in a manual transmission, the computer calculates the engine speed based on RPMs.  If the engine is running at a certain speed, it calculates how much power it can produce at a given RPM.  The computer then calculates how fast the car can accelerate to that RPM.

If you have an automatic transmission, you can set the engine to run at that RPM, and the computer will calculate how fast you need to accelerate to get to the engine's "redline".
I think it's because it's a Gaelic name. 

It's pronounced like "Shawn" when there's no letter H in it.
The money goes to the candidates, the parties, the committees, and the candidates themselves.
I don't know about you, but I think it has something to do with the fact that your brain is still processing the effects of smoking pot. 

When you smoke pot, your brain has a lot of time to process what you're doing, so it's not really able to process everything that's going on in your dreams.
If the world was completely flat, you would be able to see all the way to the edge of the earth. 

If the earth is curved, you could see the edges of the world.
The term "retarded" is used as a pejorative term for people with a mental disability. 

It's used to refer to people who are socially inept, but it's also used to describe people who have a marked lack of social skills, such as people with mental retardation.
The gold standard is not a gold standard. 

Gold is a store of value.  The value of gold is determined by the supply and demand of gold.  If there is a gold rush, the price of gold will go up.

If there is no gold, it will go down.
Your body releases a hormone called ghrelin. Ghrelin is a hormone that causes your stomach to contract, which causes you to feel hungry. 

When you are hungry, your stomach contractions are caused by the release of the hormone leptin, which is the hormone that makes you want to eat.

If you are not eating enough, you will feel like throwing up.
Motorcycles and cars are rear-wheel drive. 

The reason for this is that front wheel drive is more efficient.  If you have a front engine and a rear engine, you can fit more power into the engine bay.  This means that you can put more power in the engine, which means that the engine can produce more power.  The problem is that you have to fit the engine into a space that is too small for the engine to fit in.  So you need to put the engine in a place where it can fit.

Motorcycles are rear wheel drive because they have a
When you eat hot food, your sinuses are constricting, which causes the mucous membranes in your nose to swell up. This causes your nasal passages to get clogged with mucus, which makes it runny.
You can eat any and everything and not get fat. 

You just need to eat enough calories to maintain a healthy weight.
I think it's because they don't get in trouble for talking about drug use. 

If they did, they'd be getting sued.
Philosophical zombies are people who are physically identical to human beings, but have no qualia or qualia. 

They are considered to be "philosophical" because they do not have conscious experience, qualia, or sentience.
The First Amendment protects the right to free speech. 

The right to film police officers is not absolute.  It is protected by the First Amendment to the United States Constitution.
The Pope is the head of the Catholic Church. He is the leader of the Church, and he is a very important figure in the life of the church.

Boehner is a member of the House of Representatives, so he has a lot of influence over the Church.
HR is an independent and objective unit reporting directly to the Board of Directors.  

Internal Audit is a part of the company.  It's a separate entity from the Board.  The Board is the one that makes the decisions about what the company does.  They are the ones that make the decisions on how the company is run.
They didn't. They didn't have to. 

They were able to communicate with each other because they had a language that was similar to the language of the people who lived on the other side of the world.

It's not that they didn't understand each other, they just didn't know how to use it.
It's a way to show that they are thirsty. 

They don't drink from a water bottle, they drink from someone else's bottle.
They don't get people to sign a release form, they get them to sign an agreement that they will not tell anyone about it. 

It's called a non-disclosure agreement.
It's not that it's been damaged in the 21st century, it's that it has been heavily damaged for thousands of years. 

It's just that Stonehenge was built in the middle of the last century, and has been in the same location for a long time, so it's not like it's going to change.
Lightning can cause a drop in voltage in the power lines, which can cause the main lines to lose power.

When the power goes out, the power company shuts down all the power plants and switches to a backup system. This is called a "black out".

The main lines are connected to each other, so if one of them goes down, the rest of the lines will go down as well.
Yes, they are. 

A supernova is when the core of a dying star reaches a certain mass/density limit, the Chandrasekhar limit, which is the point at which it can no longer support the mass of the surrounding material.

The core of the dying star will collapse in a fraction of a second, but the rest of the star will continue to expand and cool until it collapses into a black hole, which will then explode into a supernova. 

 >  Is it an excruciatingly slow process that will be witnessed over millions of years?
It's not that people doubt huge moments in history, it's that they don't know enough about them to be able to fully appreciate them.

The holocaust was a huge event in human history, and the moon landing was a big event in the history of the world. 

We don't really know what caused the holocaust, but we do know that it was caused by the actions of the Nazis, and we know that the Soviets were responsible for it.
I think it's because sweetbreads are made with honey and spices. 

_URL_0_
Exercising increases blood flow to the penis, which increases the size of the testis, which in turn increases the amount of semen that can be ejaculated into the vagina.
GoDaddy is a domain registrar, not a company.

SOPA is a bill that would make it illegal for websites to host copyrighted content on their servers. 

The problem with SOPA is that it would allow the government to shut down websites that don't comply with the law.  This is a big deal, because it would mean that many websites would have to be shut down, and the government would be able to sue them for copyright infringement.  GoDaddy is one of the largest domain registrars in the world, so they have a lot of influence over the laws that are being
Game theory is the study of how things work in the real world. 

For example, if you want to buy a house, you need to know how much it costs to build it.

If you want a car, you have to know what the cost of building it is, and how many miles it takes to get there, and what the price of the car is to get from A to B

You also have to understand that if you build it, you will have to pay a lot of money for it, and if you don't have enough money, you won't be able to
I'm not an expert, but I can give you a basic idea of how bowling scoring works.

In tenpin bowling, you have two columns of squares, with two columns in a two-square-wide, ten-square tall arrangement to score one string for one player.  If you hit a ball in the first box, you get 10 points.  

If you hit two balls in the second box, it is scored as a 10.  You get 10 more points if you hit 2 balls in each box, and you get 20 points if the second ball is hit.
The passive voice is used to hide the subject of the sentence. 

For example, if you're writing a sentence like "I'm angry with you" you can use the passive voice to say "I am angry at you" or "You are angry at me".

But if you are writing "I was angry" you could use the active voice, which says "You were angry with me"

You can also use "I made a mistake" in the passive, which is a way of saying "I did something wrong."

It's not a bad thing, it's just
I think it has to do with supply and demand. 

In the US, electronics are made in the USA, and are sold in the US.

Europe is made in Europe, and is sold in Europe.
The heart pumps blood from the heart to the veins. 

The veins carry oxygen and nutrients to the lungs, and the capillaries carry oxygen to the heart.

When the heart stops pumping blood, the blood is drawn back out of the veins and into the arteries.
Banks use a system called SWIFT.  It's a network of banks that connects all of the banks in the world to each other.  If you want to transfer money from one bank account to another, you have to go through the SWIFT network.  This is why it takes so long to send a bank transfer.
Seashells are made of calcium carbonate. 

Calcium carbonate is a mineral that is found in the ocean.  It is formed when calcium ions are dissolved in the water.  When the water is warm enough, it forms crystals of aragonite.  These crystals form into shells.
The oceans are not electrified. 

They are electrified because they are water.

The earth is a conductor of electricity.  The water is the conductor.  If you touch the earth, you are touching the water.
They can store their own blood for future transfusions they might need themselves. 

They don't store it because they don't want it to be used for other people's needs.
It's not that we wouldn't grow as a population, it's just that we're not growing at a constant rate. 

We're growing at an exponential rate right now, and we're going to keep growing until we reach a point where we can no longer produce enough food to feed ourselves.

If you look at the numbers, the world's population is growing at 1.14% (equivalent to around 75 million people) per year, down from a peak of 88 million per year in 1989.
It's called the [Motion silencing illusion](_URL_0_). It's caused by the fact that when you shake your screen gently, it makes the image on the screen appear to be moving faster than it actually is.
Lithium ion batteries are made of lithium. 

When you charge them, the electrolyte (the electrolyte that holds the lithium ions in the cell) reacts with the water in the battery.  This reaction is called electrolysis.  When the water is removed from the cell, it causes the lithium to react with the oxygen in the air, which causes the cell to break down.

This is why lithium batteries have a finite lifespan.  They can only store so much energy at a time, and when they are fully discharged, they can no longer store any more energy.
Peronism is the political party of Juan Perón. 

It is the party of the late dictator and current president of Argentina.

The Peronist party was founded in the 1930s by a group of people who were dissatisfied with the policies of the previous government and wanted to change it.  They were led by a man named Juan Cámpora, who was the son of a wealthy industrialist.  He was the leader of the Frente Revolución Revolucionario Peronista (Revolutionary Peronists).

He was the father of the
When you're tired, your body is trying to get rid of the excess water in your eyes. Your eyelids are dry, so when you feel your eyelids closing, your brain thinks you're dehydrated, so it sends a chemical to your brain that causes your eyes to dry out. This causes you to feel sleepy.
It's called "learned paralysis" and it's caused by the fact that when you move a limb that has fallen asleep, your brain interprets it as if the limb is still there.
I think it's because you're not getting enough sleep. 

Your body's immune system doesn't have enough time to produce enough antibodies to fight off a cold or flu.
The clearance sales will have an effect on Dick's and Modell's as well.

Dick's will be able to get rid of a lot of their excess inventory and sell it at a lower price, which will make it easier for them to compete. 

Modell's and Dick's will have to cut back on the amount of inventory they have, which means that they will need to sell a lot more inventory to make up for the lost sales.
The president is not the only person who is protected by the Secret Service.  The Vice President is also protected.  

The President has the power to fire anyone who tries to harm him or her.
The insurance company. 

The Incredibles insurance company pays for the damage to the car.
The first thing to do is to make sure the tank is not moving at all.

If it is moving, the first step would be to disable it. 

The second step is to disable the engine. 


If the engine is still running, the tank will be immobilized.  If it is not immobilized, the driver will be able to get out of the tank and run away.
You can be arrested for it on any other day, but you can't be arrested on Halloween.
He's not a bad singer, he's just not very good at it. 

He's a very talented tenor, but he doesn't sing well enough to be considered a great tenor.  He has a very high baritone range, which is a very common tenor vocal range.  It's not that he can't sing, it's that he's not good enough at it to make it into the top ten.
Ricin is a chemical that binds to proteins in your body and binds to them in such a way that they can't be broken down by normal enzymes. 

When you ingest ricin, it binds to a protein called RTA, which is an enzyme that breaks down amino acids to form amino acids, which are then used by your body to make other proteins.

The problem with ricin is that RTA is a very small molecule, meaning that it can be easily broken down into smaller molecules, which your body doesn't have the capacity to break down.  This means that if you ingest
Napalm self-ignites when it comes in contact with oxygen.

Napalm is a chemical that reacts with oxygen to form a gas called nitrous oxide. Nitrous oxide is a strong oxidizing agent, which means that it will react with any oxygen that is present in the air. This means that if it comes into contact with air, it will ignite.
The CBC is a blood test that measures the number of red blood cells (RBCs) in your blood.  It's important because it tells you if you have a blood clotting disorder.  If your blood is too low or too high, it can indicate that you are at high risk of having blood clots.
Iceland, Denmark, and Austria are the three most peaceful countries on earth. 

Iceland is the only one of the three with a population of more than 100,000 people.

Danish, Norway and Finland are also the three countries with the highest average life expectancy in the world.
We don't mind so much that the Rovers (etc) do not "contaminate" the planet.

We mind that they might contaminate it, but we don't know for sure. 

The reason we care is because we want to know if there is life on Mars.
The First Amendment protects free speech because it protects the right to free speech.

The Supreme Court ruled in Citizens United v. FEC (2010) that money does not equate to speech, and corporations do not hold the rights of people.
Paint molecules are made up of a bunch of molecules that are bonded to each other. 

When you heat up the paint, you are changing the chemical bonds between the molecules.  This causes the molecules to change their shape, which causes them to emit different wavelengths of light.

The molecules are arranged in such a way that they reflect light in different ways.  
 
When the paint is hot enough, the molecules in the paint start to react with each other, and the light from the sun is reflected back to you in different wavelengths.  The color of the paint depends on how
It's called "whipsawing". 

In poker, when two players are all in and two other players are active in the pot, it's common for the two players with chips left to "check it down", or check on each round of betting through the end of the table.  This means that if one player is all in, the other two have to check it down as well.

If the other player is still active, they can split the pot between them.  If they're both still active and the other one is not, then they can take the pot and split it
Electromagnetic waves are at audible range frequency, so we can hear them.

Electromagnetism is a theory that says that electromagnetic waves can travel at frequencies that we can't hear. 

It's not a scientific theory, it's just a hypothesis. 


Theoretically, yes.  But it's unlikely that we'll be able to hear it.
Your body knows how to heal itself. 

When you get a cut, the blood vessels in your skin start to constrict, which causes the blood to drain out of the area.  This causes a scar, which is what you see when you see a cut on your skin.

Once the blood stops draining out of your skin, the cells in the wound start to grow back into the same shape they were before the cut.
Bears are herbivores.  They eat plants.  

Humans are carnivores.

Bears can't eat plants, so they don't need to eat them.
It's not that they didn't have a replacement, it's just that they weren't ready. 

The shuttle program was cancelled after the Challenger accident, and NASA didn't want to spend money on a replacement until it was safe to do so.
It's not that they were female, it's that they didn't know they were. Seahorses are not hermaphrodites, they're not asexual animals, they don't have sex organs. 

There are a few species of seahorses that don't know if they're male or female, but they are not sure.
No.

Object A and B are not the same thing. 

If you look at a picture of a dog and a car, you will notice that the dog's eyes are the same color, and the car's headlights are similar to the headlights of a car.  This is because they are both made out of the same material, and because they both have the same shape and shape of the headlights. 


However, if you take an object and look at it from a different angle, you can see that the headlights and tires of the car are different colors, and that they have different
It's not that they don't build the thing they patended, it's that they didn't invent it. 

The patent system was created to protect the sole inventor.  It's a way for the government to prevent other people from copying the invention.  If you don't make the thing you patended you can't get a patent on it.
A fajita is a type of tortilla.

An enchilada is a kind of quesadilla. 

A burrito is a sort of burrito.
When the battery dies, the clock is reset to 1/1/1970

It's called an acetylene standby. When the battery is dead, acetylene is applied to the circuit that powers the clock, and when the circuit fails, it's replaced with a new one.
It's not that standardized tests are ineffective, it's that they are used to measure student learning.  

Teachers are paid to teach.  They are not paid to grade students on standardized tests.  If they don't, they are fired.
I'm not sure if this is ELI5, but I'll give it a shot. 

The i3, i5 and ULV processors like ULV i5 means "low power" or "low clock speed".

A lower clock speed means that the processor is designed to be more efficient.

So if you have a 2.5GHz i3 and a 4.2GHz i5, they are both lower-power processors. 


The reason they are lower is because they are designed for lower clock speeds.  They are more efficient because they have more cache and
The melting point for fat and wax is around 40°C, and candle making takes minutes.
I'm not sure what you mean by "voting against" but I'm going to try to explain it.

Voting against means that you don't want to vote for a candidate because you think they are a bad idea. 

For example, if you're voting for a certain candidate, you're not voting for them because you want them to win, but because they are the best candidate for the job, and you want to make sure that they don't win. 


In other words, voting against a candidate is a way for you to show that you are not a fan of
Aircraft are equipped with a satellite dish that connects to the ground network.

The satellite dish is connected to a tower at 30,000 feet.  The tower is located in the middle of the plane, and the tower is able to send out a signal to the plane.  This signal is then picked up by the plane's cabin crew, and then relayed to the cabin crew.  

This means that the plane doesn't have to rely on ground-based systems to connect to the internet.  Instead, the plane has its own satellite dish, and it uses the tower's signal to connect
It's not just the cost of shipping, it's also the fact that the US government regulates the shipping industry. 

If you want to sell something in the US, you have to go through customs.  You have to pay taxes, import duties, and so on.  If you sell it in the UK, you don't have to worry about those things.

In other words, if you sell your product in the U.S. and want it to be shipped to Europe, you need to be able to pay the taxes and import duties.
It's called flashbulb memory.

Flashbulb memories happen when you have a memory of something that you don't remember. 

It's a phenomenon that happens when you're asleep and your brain is processing a lot of information at the same time.  When you're awake, your brain has a lot more time to process the information it's processing, so it can store more information.  It's like a flood of information, but it's stored in your brain at a slower rate.  This means that it takes a lot longer for you to remember it, so when you wake up
Taste buds are located in the back of your tongue. When you get hit on the head, your tongue loses the ability to send signals to your brain to tell you what tastes good or bad.
It's a combination of things. 

1. Property values.

2. Lack of access to water and sanitation

3. Poor infrastructure

4. Poor housing

5. Poor schools

6. Crime

In the case of a slum, it's usually because the people who live there don't have the means to pay for the upkeep of the buildings.  They don't know how to keep the buildings up, so they don't want to.
It is legal to set bail to an amount the person can't pay. 

In the United States, there is no such thing as a "right to bail".  The right to bail is a fundamental part of the First Amendment to the Constitution.  It is not a fundamental right, it is a right to be free from arrest and detention.  If you are arrested, you are presumed innocent until proven guilty.

If you are accused of a crime, the law says you can be held in jail until your trial.  But if you don't show up for your trial, you can't
The semen is stored in the epididymis, which is the part of the penis that connects to the urethra. When you ejaculate, the sphincter in the testicles contracts, causing the semen to be expelled through the penis's urethral opening. 

When you don't ejaculate for a while, the semen is broken down and absorbed by the cells in your body.
Hydrographic printing is a process that uses water to transfer ink onto a surface. 

The process is called "hydrographic" because it uses water as a medium to transfer the ink to the surface.
It depends on a lot of factors. 

1. The amount of data that is being sent and the amount of time it takes for it to get to your computer.

2. The number of computers that are connected to the network

3. The speed of the connection

4. How much bandwidth is being used

5. How fast is the connection to the computer

6. How long does it take for the data to get from one computer to another

7. How many people are using the connection at any given time

8. How big is the network
It's called a saejang, and it's the shape of a cactus stick.

It's the same shape that's used in Chile, Norway, and Vietnam. 

_URL_0_
Your computer has an internal clock.  When the computer is turned off, it sends a signal to the external clock that tells it how much time has passed since it was turned off.  This signal is sent to the computer's hardware clock, which tells it what time it is.
The time was synchronized before the internet. 

Before the telegraph, there were sundials.  They were used to keep track of latitude and longitude, and they were very accurate.

The telegraph was the first way to transmit time.  It was a way to send messages at the speed of light.  The telegraph line was built in the early 1900s, and it was able to send time signals at the same speed as light, which is about 1/1000th of a second per second.  This meant that you could send a message at 1/10th the speed
Batteries can be recharged, but they don't hold as much energy as they used to. 

The reason for this is that when you recharge a battery, you're recharging the electrolyte, which is the material that holds the energy.  When you re-charge it, you are re-releasing the energy that was stored in that electrolyte.  The electrolyte has a chemical reaction that causes it to release more energy than it can store.  This is called the [chemical reaction](_URL_0_).

When you recharge the battery, it releases more energy
It's called optical brightening agents (OBA). They absorb light in the ultraviolet and violet region (usually 340–370 nm) of the electromagnetic spectrum, and re-emit blue light (usually 420–470 nm). This makes the white shirt appear brighter than it actually is.

_URL_0_
They are called "eye floaters" and they are caused by a defect in the vitreous humour in your eye. 

When you look at something, you are looking at it through a slit in your eyeball.  When you look into the slit, the light from the sun hits your retina and causes it to change shape.  This causes the light to bounce off of the floaters, causing them to float around.
The coin return/change buttons are not designed to work.

They are designed to make it so that when you hit them, the machine will automatically add money to the total. 

When you hit the coin return button, the coin is being returned to the coin vault, which is where the coins are stored.  If you hit it too many times, it won't be able to return the coins.
Batteries are made up of a series of electrolyte cells.  The electrolyte is a mixture of chemicals that act as a conductor between the electrodes of the battery and the electrolyte of the cathode.  When the battery is fully discharged, the electrolytes start to crystallize, which means that they lose their charge.
IQ tests are a measure of intelligence. They measure how well you can think and reason. 

IQ tests have been around for a long time, and have been used to measure a wide range of things.  They are very accurate, but they are not perfect.

The Stanford-Binet test is a good example of an IQ test that is not 100% accurate.  It is based on a random sample of 4,800 people, and the results are based on the average IQ of the 4,000 people who took the test.  The test is not perfect, but it is very accurate
The music industry is run by a bunch of people who make a lot of money off of the music they make. 

It's a business.  It's not a free market, it's a monopoly.  The people making the money are paid by the people who buy the music.  If you want to make a record, you have to get a contract with a record label.  You have to pay them for the rights to the music you make.

If you don't have a contract, you can't sell the music to anyone else.  That's how the music industry works.
Melbourne is located in the middle of the continent.  It's in the Dfb climate zone, which is a type of climate that is similar to the tropics.  This means that it gets a lot of rain and snow, but not as much as New York City.  Melbourne is also in the humid subtropical climate, which means it gets more rain and less snow than New York.
1080p is the most common HDTV resolution. 

Blu-ray is 720p.

1080p has a higher aspect ratio than 720p, which is why it's the most popular.
The head of state of one country would have to recognize the head of the other country as the legitimate leader of that country. 

If he didn't, he would be forced to step down.
I think it's because it's too much work. 

The top level domains (TLDs) are the ones that are used by the most people, so they are the most popular.

If you want to create a new TLD, you have to go through the process of registering a new domain name, which takes a lot of time and effort.  You have to register the new domain, pay for it, and then register it to ICANN, which is the organization that manages the TLDs.  It's a tedious and time consuming process, so it's not worth it
It's a combination of things.

1. The camera is set up in such a way that it can record all the angles and angles of the field of view of the camera. 

2. There is a computer in the production truck that monitors how the camera is used during the game (pan, tilt, zoom, focus and extender). The encoders transmit that info live 30 or more times per second to the broadcaster's production truck, where it is processed by Sportvision computers (typically one for each camera).
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it's because people don't realize that they are watching a terrible movie. 

The Rotten Tomatoes rating is a measure of how bad a movie is, not how much people care about it.
Blue OLEDs are less efficient and have a shorter lifespan than green and red OLEDs.

The reason for this is that blue light degrades more rapidly than other colors of light. 

When blue light hits the back of an OLED, it degrades faster than red or green light.
It's called the Gate Control Theory.

Basically, when you are in pain, your brain sends a signal to your nerves to tell you that something is wrong. Your brain interprets this signal as a "pain signal" and sends it to your muscles, which in turn sends a "hold" signal to the muscles in your hand. When you touch/hold the affected area, your muscles contract, which causes your blood vessels to constrict and your heart rate to increase, which increases blood flow to the area. This increases blood pressure, which makes you feel better.
I think it has something to do with the fact that you're not used to seeing a frame from a soap opera, so when you see it on TV, you automatically know it's from the soap opera. It's the same reason you can't always tell the difference between a movie and a TV show.
It is possible to compress files without losing data, but it is not always possible.

For example, if you want to compress a text file, you need to re-encode it. 

You can do this by re-using the data in the original file, but if you do this, you will lose the information that makes up the text file.
Aboriginal people in Australia have it worse of than other natives people in developed countries. 

The reason for this is that they live in rural areas where there is a lot less access to healthcare.

Also, they don't have the same access to education as other native people.  They don't get the same amount of education as non-indigenous people, so they are less likely to be able to get the proper care they need.
The English government is opposed to this because they don't want Scotland to become an independent country. They don't like the idea of having to give up control of the economy to the Scottish government. 

The Scottish people want independence because they want to be able to control their own money, their own laws, and their own culture and language.

England, on the other hand, doesn't want to give Scotland more control over their economy, their culture, their language, or their language.
Your mouth has a lot of mucous membranes. The mucosa is the outermost layer of tissue that surrounds the inside of your mouth, and protects it from bacteria and viruses. 

When you get an infection, the mucosa starts to break down, and the bacteria start to get into your mouth. This is why it takes a long time for your mouth to heal.

Your mouth also has more blood vessels than the rest of your body, which is why when you get a cut, it takes longer for the blood to drain out of it.
When you work, your brain has to process a lot of information in a short amount of time.  Your brain is used to processing it in a very short period of time, so when you don't work, it has to take a lot longer to process it.

When you sleep, your body doesn't have to process as much information, so it takes a lot less time.
We don't get sick from using manure as fertilizer. 

We get sick because we eat it.

Manure contains a lot of bacteria, viruses, parasites, and other nasty stuff that can cause disease.  It's not safe to use it as fertilizer because it's full of nasty stuff.  If you don't eat it, you'll get sick.
Essential oils are extracted from plants.  They have a lot of healing properties.  Some of the most common are lavender, lemon, and rose.  

Aromatherapy is a technique that uses essential oils to stimulate the brain's sense of smell.  It's not a medical treatment, it's a psychological one.  The idea is that the smell of essential oils will stimulate your brain to release chemicals that make you feel good.  These chemicals are called endorphins.  When you smell them, your brain releases dopamine, which is a neurotransmitter that makes you happy.
When you sleep, your muscles contract and contract. When you wake up your muscles are still contracting and contracting, so your grip strength is weak.
Zipping and unzipping files are two different things.

Zipping is the act of copying/transferring text from one part of a document ("buffer") to a different location within the same or different computer-based document. 

Unzipping is when you compress a file and then unzip it.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it has something to do with the fact that animal euthanasia is common and (apparently) painless. 

In the case of animals, the drugs used to euthanize them are not the same as the drugs that are used to kill humans.

The drugs used for euthanasia are different because they are different in the way they are administered.  The drugs used in euthanasia aren't the same in the sense that they aren't used in the same way in executions.
Greece is a member of the Eurozone. 

The Eurozone is a group of countries that share the same currency, the Euro.  The Eurozone was created in order to prevent countries like Greece, Portugal, Ireland, Spain, and Italy from defaulting on their debts.  
   

   >   Greece was one of the first countries to join the Euro, and it was the first country to do so.  Greece had a lot of debt at the time, and they had to pay it back.  In order to get the money back, they had
Tires are made of rubber.  They are designed to last a long time.  When they are used, they wear out and wear out fast.  If they are left on the road for a long period of time, they will eventually wear out.  

Tire wear is caused by friction with the road.  It is not caused by the weight of the truck, but by the friction of the road itself.

When a truck is driving, it is traveling at a high rate of speed.  This means that the tires are constantly rubbing against the road, causing them to wear out
I'm not sure what you mean by "Adwords" but I'm going to assume you're talking about Google Adwords. 

Adwords are a way for Google to place ads on your website.  If you have an ad on your site, you pay them to place the ad on the top page of the search engine, and they will put it there.

If you don't have an Adwords account, you have to pay Google to put the ad up on your page.  You pay them $1 per click, and if they click on the ad, they put it on your
The human ear is shaped the way it is in order to sort of "funnel" noise into our ears, how come certain dog breed's ears are covered in a flap?
Bedsores are caused by bacteria in your skin. 

If you have a bed sore, it's usually caused by a bacterial infection.  If you're not careful, you can get bed sores from sleeping on the wrong side of the bed.
Herpes Simplex 2 is caused by a different type of herpes virus. It's called herpes simplex type 2.

Herpes simplex is a virus that causes a variety of symptoms. It can cause genital herpes, genital encephalitis, genital herpesitis, and genital warts. 

HSV-1 and HSV-2 are not the same virus, but they share a lot of the same genetic material. So it's easier to tell which one is the cause of the symptoms.
Calories are a very important part of the body's metabolism.  When you eat too many calories, your body produces a hormone called insulin.  This hormone causes your body to produce more insulin, which causes you to get fat.

When you eat less calories, you're not producing as much insulin, so you don't get as much fat, which is good for you.
The Pythagoreans were the first researchers known to have investigated the expression of musical scales in terms of numerical ratios, particularly the ratios of small integers. 

They found that the ratio of the number of notes in a scale is the same as the ratio between the size of the string and the length of the note.

This is important because the Pythagorean scale is based on the golden ratio, which is a ratio of 3.3 to 3.5, which means that if you multiply 3 by 3, you get 3.25, which you can then divide by 3 to get 4.
The carbon atoms in your body come from two different sources.

Oxygen is a byproduct of your body's metabolism.  Oxygen is the energy that your body uses to break down glucose into energy.  When your body breaks down glucose, it uses the energy to make ATP, which is the building blocks of your cells.  This energy is used by your body to make more ATP.  So when you exhale CO2, you're using the energy from the oxygen in your lungs to make CO2.  

When you inhale O2, your body converts it into carbon
The 3 pronged connector is to make it easier for the cable to connect to the power supply.  

If you have a fixed cable, you can't connect it to a power source.  If you want to, you need to have a detachable cable.
Because India is a very large country with a very poor infrastructure. 

China is a huge country, with a lot of natural resources, and a large population.

India is a small country, and has a very small population, so it is very difficult for them to compete with China.
Porridge is made with milk, which has a lot of fat in it. The fat in porridge keeps the water from evaporating, which is why it stays hot for so long. 

Your cup of tea, on the other hand, is made of tea leaves, which have very little fat in them, so the water evaporates faster.
When you smoke, you're inhaling a lot of nicotine. When you don't smoke, your body doesn't have as much nicotine in it as it does when you inhale it. This means that you're not getting the same amount of nicotine out of your body as you would if you just inhaled it.
Marijuana is made up of a bunch of different chemicals called thiols. 

Humulene is one of the most common of these chemicals. Humulene reacts with the alcohol in beer to give it its "skunky" smell.
Airlines have to keep track of how many planes they have in the air, and how many are scheduled to fly that day. 

They also have to make sure they have enough fuel to get to their destinations, and that they don't run out of fuel before they land.
It depends on a lot of things. 

1. The size of the fart, the amount of water in your stomach, the pressure in your intestines, and the size of your anus.

2. The amount of gas in your anus, the size and shape of the sphincter muscle, and how much water you have in your bowels. 


3. The pressure of your bowel.  The pressure and size of each of these factors can affect the sound.  If you have a large intestine, you will have a larger amount of liquid in it than if you
Wikipedia is an online encyclopedia.

Wikipedia is run by a group of people called the "Editors".  They are the people who decide what the content of the site is and how it should be written.  They also decide how much money they want to make from the site, and how much they are willing to pay for it.  

Editors have a lot of power, but they don't really have the authority to make decisions about how the site should be run.  It's more like a board of directors.  The Board of Directors makes the decisions about what content the site will
I think it has to do with the fact that they are a terrorist organization.

They are not a legitimate news organization. They are a group of people who want to spread their message of hate and violence.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm going to try to explain it this way.

The Xbox One is a new console, and it's being released by a new company, so it's going to be different from the Xbox 360.  

There are a lot of different things going on with the Xbox One, but the main thing is that it's a brand new console.  It's not like the PS3 or the PS4.  The Xbox One has been around for a while now, and they've had plenty of time to get used to it.
It's not that they don't have the resources, it's that they have a lot of people working on it.  

There are many different types of software, but the most common ones are:

1. They have a large number of programmers working on the project.  This means that they need to be paid for their time.  They also need to have access to a large amount of money to pay for the development of the software.

2. They need to hire the right people to help them with the development.  These people need to know how the software works, how
Your body has two main ways of getting rid of heat. 

First, your body has a process called thermoregulation.  When it's too hot, the blood vessels in your skin get too hot and start to heat up.  This causes your body to release heat to the air around you, which causes you to sweat.

The second way is called evaporation.  If the air temperature of your skin is higher than that of the surrounding air, the body can lose heat by convection and conduction.  However, if the air is as warm as or warmer than that
Jokes are meant to be funny. 

The first person is not even using the joke anymore.
The Federal Reserve determines the value of the dollar based on the exchange rate between the US dollar and other world currencies. 

The Fed is a central bank, and the Federal Reserve is a group of central banks.  They set the dollar's value based on a basket of currencies that are used as a reference currency.  The Fed uses the dollar as a reserve currency because it is used to buy and sell goods and services from other countries, and because the US is the world's largest exporter.

This means that when the Fed buys dollars, they buy them from other central banks, and sell them
The semicolon is used to separate a series of words whose elements are separated by commas. 

For example:

* 
* * * *
*
* ***

** 
***
**
***
****

The first two are separate statements, but the third is a clause.

A comma is used when a clause is separated by a comma.  It's used to mark the end of a sentence.
We stare at fire because we are attracted to it. 

Fire is a source of heat.  When you stare at it, you're attracted to the heat.
It's called a "blood moon" because it's a total lunar eclipse. 

A lunar eclipse is when the moon is completely blocked out by the earth's atmosphere.  It's not a full moon, it's an eclipse of the moon.
They are blindfolded to prevent them from being able to see what's going on around them. 

It's also to keep them from trying to escape.
Kim Davis is the clerk of the county in Kentucky. She believes that marriage is between a man and a woman, and that she has the right to refuse to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples because of her religious beliefs. 

The Supreme Court ruled in Obergefell v. Hodges that she is not allowed to do so because she has a First Amendment right to not be forced to enforce the law.
It's called the [Wagon Wheel Effect](_URL_0_).

It's caused by a phenomenon called [Stroboscopic [Stroboscopic Stereo Stabilization]( _URL_1_). 

Basically, when you look at a picture of a spinning wheel, you're looking at it in a series of frames.  If the picture is taken at 24 frames per second, the wheel will appear to be moving at 24 revolutions per second.

However, if you take the picture of the wheel at 12 o'clock and look at it again, you'll see
They're not.

Dinosaurs are not real. They're not even known to have existed. 

There's no archeological evidence that dragons ever existed.
Base 16 is the most common base used in computing. It is the smallest common multiple of one, two, three, four and six.

It is also the most commonly used base for binary numbers. 

In binary numbers, you can divide a number by 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 35, 36
A pub is a place where people gather to drink alcohol, eat food, and socialize.

A saloon is a tavern, saloon, bar, taproom, etc. 

Bars are places that serve alcohol, and are generally not licensed to sell alcoholic beverages.
When a muscle contractions, it's called a tetanic contraction. It happens when the motor nerve that innervates a skeletal muscle emits action potentials at a very high rate. 

When this happens, the nerve is stimulated by multiple impulses at a sufficiently high frequency. This causes the muscle to contract at the same time, which causes the nerve to fire at a higher rate than it normally would.
Most of their money is held with the Federal Reserve, which is the central bank of the United States.  

The Federal Reserve is responsible for managing the money supply in the US.  The Federal Reserve has a set amount of money that it needs to keep in reserve.  This is called "quantitative easing" and it is a tool that the Fed uses to keep the economy going.  It's a way for the Fed to make sure that the economy doesn't get too out of control.

When the Fed runs out of money, they can use it to lend it out to other banks
Insurance is a form of risk management.  

It's a way for insurance companies to make money.  They take a set amount of money from you and use that money to pay out to other people.  For example, if you get hit by a car, the insurance company will pay you $100,000.  But if you don't get hit, they will pay out $50,000, and you will have to pay them back $100k. 
 
Insurance companies are not profitable for people, but they are profitable for the insurance companies.  The insurance company
I think it's because they want to sell more cars in 2015.  

They also want to get the word out that they are releasing a new model year car, so they can sell more of them.
Lattes are expensive.

Beer is cheap. 

Laptes are not.
It's called a "cut off in the middle". 

When a commercial cuts off, it means that the show is interrupted by another commercial.
The new farm bill that the U.S. Congress recently passed is a major overhaul of the farm bill. 

The new bill will give more money to conservation and conservation programs.  It will also make it easier for farmers to sell their land to other farmers.  This is a big deal because the previous farm bill expired on September 30, 2012.

It will also give the Department of Agriculture (USDA) more authority to enforce conservation laws.  The previous bill was passed by the House of Representatives and the Senate, but was vetoed by the President.  So the new bill gives the Department
They don't. 

Insurance companies are not allowed to do that.  They have to file a report with the local police department.  If they don't have a report, they can't do it.
Your skin cells don't die. 

When you place an ice cube in your palm, you're freezing the surface of the ice cube, which is why it doesn't kill your skin cells.
1,080 vertical pixels are considered to be HD. 

1,000 horizontal pixels is considered HD because it's the same as 1,080 horizontal pixels.
Yellow Sunglasses are tinted to make them yellow. They block just one or two colors (usually green and blue), permitting people to see colors such as dull brown or yellow.
Futures are contracts that set the price of a commodity in the future. 

For example, if you buy a ton of wheat at $8.89 per bushel on December 17, 2012, and you sell it for $10,000 on December 31, 2012.  You have a contract that says that you will pay $40,000 for the truckload of wheat when you deliver it.

If you sell that truckload for $20,000, you have to pay $5,000 in cash.  If you sell your truckload, you get $10k in cash
It's because they want to keep track of how much data is being sent and how fast it is being transmitted.

If you want to know how much bandwidth is being used, you need to know the amount of time it takes for the data to travel from one end of the network to the other. 

So they measure it in bits.
The best way to learn to drive a manual transmission is to learn how to use the clutch, brake, and throttle with your right foot. 

If you don't already know how to do these things, you can start with the basics.  If you're not familiar with them, you might want to start with a manual car.
It's called the "sex flush" and it's caused by the vasocongestion (increased blood flow) of the skin during all four phases of the human sexual response cycle.

When you're aroused, the blood vessels in your vagina, clitoris, labia minora, and other parts of the vulva are swollen, which causes blood to drain out of them. This causes them to become red.
It's not choreographed and rehearsed. The conductor is the one in charge of making sure the band is in tune with the music. 

The band is led by the bandleader, who is the conductor.  
   

   The bandleader is the leader of the band.  He or she is the person who decides how the band should play.  The conductor will often give verbal instructions to the band leader, who will then give the band members the music they want to play.
The 5th amendment protects the right of the people to know the truth about the crime they are accused of.

If you're accused of a crime, you can't be convicted of it unless the state can prove that you knew about it before you were even tried. 

The Fifth amendment protects this right.
The difference between Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union was that Germany was a socialist country, and the USSR was a communist country. 

Nazi Germany was founded by the German Social Democrats, who were the party of the ruling class.  They were the most powerful political party in Germany, and they were the leaders of the Nazi party.

Stalin was the leader of the Communist Party of the USSR, and he was a Stalinist, which means that he was an autocrat.  He was a dictator because he was in charge of the entire Communist party, and because he wanted to control the entire world
I'm not sure if this is correct, but I'm going to assume it's because of the way Facebook Messenger works. 

When you send a message to someone, you send it to the person you're talking to, and they see it as a reply to you.

If they don't see it, then they're not getting the message, and it's not being sent to them.
Crude oil is extracted from the ground and refined into gasoline, kerosene, and other products. 

The crude oil is then used as a raw material to make plastics.  The plastic is made from the crude oil.

There are a lot of different types of plastics that are made from crude oil, but the most common are polyethylene terephthalate (PE), polypropylene (PP, and polystyrene (PS) and polypropene (PS).

Polypropylene is a thermoplastic polymer.  It is made of carbon and hydrogen atoms.
I think it's because the music is being played at a lower quality than it should be.

MP3 files are encoded in such a way that they can't be played at higher quality. 

When you are on hold, your phone is trying to send the music to your computer, and it's sending it to your MP3 player, which is listening to the audio file, and then sending it back to the computer.  When you're listening to it, the computer has to wait for the file to be downloaded, which takes a long time, so the quality of the audio is lower.
Pigeons don't know where they are, they just know that they are near their roost. 

They can also use infrasound to find their way back to their home roost, which is why they fly in circles when they first take to the air.
CAPTCHA is a type of artificial intelligence test. 

It's basically a test to determine whether or not a computer is human.

A CAPTCHA looks for distorted letters, numbers, or symbols that appear in an image undecipherable by a computer.  If the computer can't read them, then it's not human. If it can read them correctly, it's human.
I think it has to do with the fact that the East Coast is a lot more populated than the West Coast.  

The East Coast has a lot of people who work in the media industry, so they are more likely to see car chases on TV.
Cockroaches are harmless, but they are also very hard to kill. They have long, spiny antennae, and they have urticating hairs on their rear of the abdomen which they kick into the air using their rear legs if they feel threatened or agitated. 

They also have poisonous spikes on their back that they raise when threatened.
You can learn Spanish if you watch Spanish language tv. 

You just need to learn the language.
They don't. 

If they do, they report it to air traffic control, and if they don't get a response, they get escorted out of the airspace.
Blood tests work by measuring the number of red blood cells (RBCs) in your blood.  

When you take a blood sample, they measure how many RBCs are in the sample.  They can tell if you have type A, type B, or type C blood cells.  If you have Type A blood cells, you are more likely to have type B blood cells than type C.
It's not the full bars, it's the fact that your phone is not connected to the wifi network. 

Your phone is connected to a device called an IMSI, which is a device that transmits a signal to your phone.  This signal travels through the air, and it travels through your phone to your computer.  Your computer then uses that signal to connect to the internet.

When your phone connects to the WiFi network, it sends a MAC address to the computer, which tells the computer that you are connected.  The computer then sends a message to the phone saying "hey
The Departed was written by Martin Scorsese, and directed by him.  It was based on a book he wrote called Infernal Affairs.

Infernal Affairs was set in New York City in the early 1970s.  The main character is a CIA agent who is sent to infiltrate a terrorist organization.  He is sent by the CIA to infiltrate the organization to find the leader of the terrorist organization who is responsible for a terrorist attack.  In order to do this, he has to go to New York and infiltrate the group of people who are responsible for the attack, and he needs to find a
When a battery is full, it has more energy in it. 

When it's empty, the energy is stored in the electrolyte.  The electrolyte is just water.  When it's full, the water is being released into the air.  This causes the battery to weigh more.
I think it's because of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) was created to protect people from discrimination based on age. 

In the past, it was illegal for employers to discriminate against older workers because they could not prove that they were being discriminated against because of their age.

The EEOC was created in order to prevent this from happening again.
It depends on what you mean by "pure". 

If you mean "pure", you mean that you don't study mathematics for its own sake, you study it for the sake of studying it.

For example, if you want to know how to calculate the value of a number, you might want to look at the sum of all the integers in the integers.  If you're looking for a way to do this, you can use algebraic numbers.  But if you're trying to figure out how to do it, you have to use calculus.  You can't do this by using
They don't know where they are going to go, they just know they're going to the right place. 

When you take a pill, the drug is absorbed into your bloodstream by your blood vessels.  When you swallow the pill, it travels through your digestive tract and is absorbed by your intestines.
The threshold is the frequency at which you can't see the flicker. 

It's called the Flicker Fusion Threshold.
Prostitution is not a crime, it is a business.  It is illegal because it is illegal.  

If you want to legalize prostitution, you need to regulate it.  You need to make sure that it is regulated.  If you don't regulate it, it will still be illegal, but it will be regulated in a way that makes it illegal.
The Calvin cycle is a series of chemical reactions that convert carbon dioxide into glucose. 

The first step of the cycle is to fix CO₂ into 5-carbon Ribulose bisphosphate (RuBP) molecules.  This is done by using an enzyme called RuBisCO.  The enzyme breaks down the carbon into 3-carbon molecules called 3-phosphoglyceric acid, or 3-PGA.  It then uses the energy from the glucose molecules to make ATP and NADPH, which are the molecules that are used in the light-dependent reactions.
I'm not sure what exactly is happening, but I'm guessing it's because your muscles are over-exerting themselves. 

If you have a hand or foot cramp, it's probably due to over-use of the muscles.  If you have an arm cramp or a hand cramp it's most likely due to muscle fatigue.
Because they don't need it. 

They don't want to have to import it.
Your eyes are made up of rods and cones. The rods are the ones that detect light in black and white, and the cones are those that detect color. During the day, the rods are more sensitive to light, so they are used to detecting colors. The cones are used during the night because they are less sensitive to bright light.
If the cold war went 'hot' during the Cuban Missile Crisis, what would the world be like now?
Alcohol is a fat soluble molecule. 

When you drink alcohol, it breaks down the fat molecules in your body into alcohol and acetaldehyde.

Alcohol contains acetaldehyde, which is a highly reactive molecule that causes your brain to release dopamine and endorphins, which are neurotransmitters that are involved in the brain's reward system.
They don't. 

In English, there are two grammatical genders: masculine/feminine and neuter/neuter.

There are grammatical gender distinctions between nouns, verbs, and adjectives, but they don't exist in all languages.  They are used for nouns and verbs, but not adjectives.
Splinters are embedded in your skin. They can't get out. 

When you get a splinter, it's because it's embedded in the surface of your skin, not in the deeper layers of your body.

Your skin is made up of two layers, the superficial layer and the subcutaneous layer. The superficial layer is the layer that protects you from pain. The sub-cutaneous layers are the ones that protect your skin from pain, and the deeper layer protects it from infection.
Greece is a member of the Eurozone.  The Eurozone is a group of countries that have agreed to take loans from the European Central Bank (ECB) to help them get out of a debt crisis.  Greece is one of those countries.  

The problem is that Greece has a lot of debt.  They have to pay it back, but they have to do it in a way that makes it look like they are doing it right.  This means that they are cutting taxes, cutting social security benefits, cutting pensions, cutting public services, etc.  These are all things
The Atlantic ocean has the highest salinity of all the oceans due to the fact that it is colder than the rest of the oceans.  The reason it is so salty is because it has a lot of rain, which evaporates the water and makes it more salty.
Because artificial sweeteners have a lot of calories. 

It's not that they're bad for you, it's just that they have a higher calorie content than natural sweeteners.

Natural sweeteners are used in food because they're less calorie dense.  Artificial sweeteners, on the other hand, are used for beverages because they have more calories than natural ones.
It's not that they don't sweat, it's that they sweat so much that it clogs up their pores and makes it harder for them to get rid of the salt.
We already carry the bacteria and germs in our own mouths. When we kiss, our saliva contains a lot of bacteria, but we don't transmit them to other people.
It's not friction, it's convection. 

If you're talking about heat transfer, you're referring to heat transfer through conduction, which is the transfer of energy from one atom to another.

Convection is not the same as heat transfer.  It's a transfer of kinetic energy.  If you want to talk about convection, you have to think of it in terms of energy transfer, not kinetic energy transfer.
It's called motion sickness, and it's caused by the fact that your eyes are constantly adjusting to the movement of your head and body. 

When you're using a VR headset, your brain is trying to process the images being projected on the screen.  Your eyes are trying to adjust to the motion of your body, and your brain doesn't know how to process it.  It's like when you're trying to read a book.  When you're reading a book, you're looking at the page, but your eyes aren't seeing the page.  They're seeing the image being projected.
We don't get any nutritional value from foods that seemingly pass straight through us like seeds. 

We do get some nutrients from seeds, but not as much as we get from fruits and vegetables.

Vegetables and fruits contain a lot of vitamins and minerals that we can't get from seeds.
Insurance companies are regulated by the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). They are not allowed to compete with each other on price, they are allowed to negotiate with doctors and hospitals to keep costs low and quality high.
The price of gasoline is determined by the price of crude oil.  

Crude oil is priced in the spot market, which is where it's bought and sold.  The price of a barrel of oil is set by the people who own the rights to sell it.  So, if the price goes up, it means that the price is going to go up, and if it goes down, it will go up again.

If the price stays the same for a while, then the price will go down, and then it'll go back up.  If it goes up for a few
I think it's because the email address is stored as a string of characters. 

When you type in an email address, it's stored in a database.

If you enter an email id, the database tells your browser that it's an address, but it's not stored in the database.  It's stored on the server, so it doesn't know what it's storing.  If you enter a different email address than the one stored on your server, it won't be able to recognize it.
Lip reading is a skill that is taught to people with hearing loss. They are taught to watch the lips, tongue and jaw movements, to follow the stress and rhythm of language, to use their residual hearing, with or without hearing aids, and use their ability to put two and two together.
Elections are not anonymous.

Elections in the United States are conducted using paper ballots. The paper ballots are kept in a sealed box in a central location. 

There is no way for anyone to access the ballot box and read it.  The only way for someone to read it is if they have access to the paper ballot.  If they do, they can read the ballot and see who voted for which candidate.  They can also read the signature of the person who cast the vote.
I think it has to do with the way your feet are designed. 

When you walk barefoot, you don't have to bend your toes as much.  Your feet don't need as much support.  When you wear shoes, your feet need to be able to bend their toes.  If you bend them too much, you can hurt your feet.

Walking barefoot allows your feet to do what they are designed to do.  They don't bend as much, so they don't hurt as much when walking barefoot.
They didn't. 

The Europeans didn't have any natural immunity to the diseases that the Indians had like the Indians died of European diseases.

In fact, many of the European diseases that were brought over to the Americas were diseases, like yellow fever, that were relatively manageable if you caught them as a child, but were deadly if infected as an adult.
I think it's because they don't want to put themselves in a situation where they can't defend themselves.
Your phone is connected to your car's audio system via Bluetooth.

Your car's speakers are connected to the car's radio. 

The radio has a transmitter and a receiver.  The receiver has a microphone, and the speaker has a speaker.  When you talk to someone on the phone, the phone is listening to the radio, and your speakers are listening to your phone.  If you're talking to someone in your car, you can't hear them through your speakers, because your phone is not receiving the signal from the radio.
I think it's because your earbuds are made out of plastic, and the cords are made of metal. 

I don't know for sure, but I think it has something to do with the way they're made.
The debt ceiling is the amount of money the US government can borrow without defaulting on its debt.  

Congress must agree to raise the debt ceiling by October 17.  If they don't, the government will default on all of its obligations.
It was important in the middle east because it was a time when the US had to be able to strike any country that was a threat. 

Now that North Korea is a threat and actively threatening the US, the US doesn't want to be seen to be a threat, so they don't feel the need to strike.
When you stir it, you're breaking the bonds between the molecules that hold it together. When the liquid reaches its freezing point, the bonds that bind the molecules closely together break, and the liquid changes to its gaseous state (unless superheating occurs).
Reinsurance is a way for insurance companies to offload some of their risk to other insurance companies.  

Say you have a business that makes a lot of money.  If they fail, they have to pay the insurance company back.

If they do well, they can then sell that business to another company, and the other company will pay them back.  This is called "reinsurance".

The idea is that if the business fails, the other insurance company will take the loss and pay it back to the original company.  For example, if you lose your job,
Haiti and Dominican Republic are both part of the island of Hispaniola, which is now known as the Dominican Republic. 

Historically, the two countries have been allies and foes, constantly vying for dominance of Hispaniolan territory.

During the colonial era, Spain and France wanted to control the island, so they split the island into two parts.  The French took the eastern part of Hispanol, and the Spanish took the western part.  In the early 1900s, the French decided to annex the western half of Hispanolia, which was then known as Haiti.  This led to
Cosine Law is a law of thermodynamics. It states that the rate of change in temperature and pressure is proportional to the rate at which the three phases (gas, liquid, and solid) of that substance coexist in thermodynamic equilibrium. 

The law states that if a substance is in equilibrium, it will eventually reach the triple point, which is the point at which all three phases of the substance are in equilibrium.
Contract theory is the study of how economic actors can and do construct contractual arrangements, generally in the presence of asymmetric information. 

For example, if you have a contract that says that you will work for a company for a certain amount of time, and the company will pay you for that time, but you don't know how long the contract will last, you can't contract on how long it will last.

If you want to know how much money the company is going to pay you in the future, you have to look at how much they are going to give you, and if they are
You can buy a 16GB flash drive for < $10 but 16GB of RAM costs almost $100.
It's not difficult to create a website like _URL_0_. 

You just need to know how to write the HTML and CSS for it.
Stainless steel is a mixture of a bunch of different metals. 

Carbon steel is made up of carbon and aluminum.

Titanium and Cobalt are the main non-iron constituents of stainless steel.  They are the most corrosion-resistant metals.
Antibiotics work by interfering with the enzyme that makes proteins that make up the antibiotic. When you give antibiotics to bacteria, they make changes to the enzymes that make them resistant to the drug.

Bacteria are capable of not only altering the enzyme targeted by antibiotics, but also by the use of enzymes to modify the antibiotic itself and thus neutralize it. This is called antibiotic resistance.
I think it's because it's easier to write with an 'R' than an 'A'.
It depends on the type of crime. 

Forfeiture is when a person is found guilty of a crime, usually for money laundering or money laundering.

In the US, it's usually a civil case, where a court orders the government to seize the person's property.  This is usually done under the Proceeds of Crime Act (RICO), which is a federal law that makes it a crime for a person to have money or property that was used to commit a crime. The money is then given to the government, which then uses it to pay off the people who were victims of the
It's not a normal outlet, it's a transformer.

A transformer is a device that creates a voltage between two metal plates. 

When you plug a speaker into a transformer, it creates a current between the metal plates, which causes the metal to vibrate.  This causes a voltage change in the metal plate, which is amplified by a step-up transformer.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'll give it a shot.

In Wisconsin, the state government is controlled by the Republicans, and the Republicans have a majority in both houses of the state legislature and the governor's office. 

Governor Walker is a conservative Republican, and he has been trying to impose his own agenda on the state.  He wants to cut public employee unions, which are unions that represent workers in the state's public sector.  This is a big deal because the state has a lot of people who work for public employees, and unions are a big part
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'll try my best to explain it.

There is a lot of conflict going on in the Middle East right now. There is a civil war in Syria, and the government of Bashar al-Assad is trying to get rid of the remaining rebels. 

The Syrian government has been fighting the rebels for a long time, and it's not going to end soon.  The rebels are trying to push the government out of the country, which means that they need to get out of Syria.  This means they have to go through Turkey, which
Candy contains a lot of sugar, which is bad for your enamel. 

Your enamel is made up of a bunch of tiny little cells called dentin.  When you eat too much sugar, the enamel starts to break down, and the acid in your mouth starts to eat away at it.  This is why you get cavities in your teeth.
The R-500 is a very long range cruise missile.  It can travel at supersonic speeds.  This means that it is very difficult to detect and intercept.  

It is also very hard to detect because it travels at a very low altitude.  The missile is designed to be launched from a submarine, which means that if it is detected by a surface ship, it will land in the water.  If it is intercepted by an aircraft carrier, the missile will land on the deck of the aircraft carrier and explode.

This is why the US has a lot of anti-missile defenses.  They are designed to detect the missile before it is launched,
It's a subreddit for people who want to talk about things they don't want people to know about. 

It's basically a place for people to vent about things that they feel like people don't care about.

_URL_0_
Air dryers work by using a membrane air dryer.

The membrane is made of thin, thin, thinly coated, thin-coated, membrane fibers.  The air inside the membrane is compressed to a certain pressure.  When the air is compressed, it expands to a lower pressure, it becomes cold (based on the Joule-Thomson Effect) and its ability to retain moisture is reduced.  This causes the air to evaporate.  

When the membrane dryer is turned on, the air expands back to a higher pressure, and the water evaporates out of the air
The Muslim Brotherhood is an organization that represents the Sunni Muslim community. It is a political party in Egypt. It was founded in 1928 by Hassan Al-Banna, who was a Muslim scholar who devoted his life as an Islamic scholar. 

The Brotherhood's stated goal is to instill the Qur'an and sunnah as the "sole reference point for... ordering the life of the Muslim family, individual, community, community... and state".

They also want to establish an Islamic state in the Middle East, which they believe is in the interest of the Muslims.

This is not the only
Pigeons are very good at homing. They can fly from one place to another in a matter of seconds. 

You can train them to fly back and forth, but it takes a lot of training.
The value of the currency is determined by supply and demand in the market. 

In other words, if you want to buy something in a new country, you have to buy it from someone in another country.

If you don't want to pay in dollars, you need to buy things in Euros.
It's not illegal in Afghanistan, but it is illegal in Pakistan.

It's illegal in the United States, but not in Afghanistan.
Vemma is a scam. 

It's a scam because it's not a scam, it's a fraud.

A scam is when a scammer uses a scam to get you to give them your credit card information, and then they use that information to charge you for things.  For example, if you have a credit card number, they can use that number to call you and ask you to pay them back.  If you don't want to pay back the money, they will send you an email saying that you owe them money, and that they will refund you the money if you
Your eyes have three types of cones in the back of your eye. 

Your eyes can pick up a wide range of different wavelengths of light, and your brain is able to tell the difference between the different types of cone.

If you have one type of cone in your eye, and one in your brain, your brain can tell which one is "red" and which is "green".

This is called the Opponent process, and it's based on the fact that your brain has two different kinds of cone cells, and each of them has a different wavelength of light.
Shock is when your body goes into a state of shock.

Your body is constantly trying to get blood to all the parts of your body that need it.  Your heart, lungs, brain, kidneys, liver, etc. are all constantly pumping blood into your body.  When your body is in shock, it can't get enough blood to do its job.  This causes your heart to stop beating and your blood pressure to drop.  If your heart stops beating, your body can no longer pump blood to the vital organs.  It can also cause your kidneys to stop working.
The oil has a higher dielectric properties than the water. 

If you fill a glass with 1/2 oil and 1/3 water, the water will evaporate faster than the oil.

However, if you fill the glass with 2/3 oil, the oil will not evaporate as fast as the water, because the oil is much more conductive.
Tinfoil is made up of a bunch of tiny little chemicals called histamines. When you chew on tinfoil, the histamines are released into your mouth, which causes your teeth to contract. This is why it hurts.
Hydrogen is a byproduct of the refining of hydrocarbons. 

Hydrogen can be used as an energy source, but it's not a renewable energy source.  It's a waste product of fossil fuels.

Diesel is a fossil fuel.  Hydrogen is just a by-product of refining hydrocarbon fuels.  Diesel is an oil byproduct.  The problem with hydrogen is that it doesn't have the same energy density as diesel, so it's much more expensive to produce.
They don't.

Sound engineers use various electronic devices, such as equalizers and, since the 1990s, automatic feedback detection devices to prevent these unwanted squeals or screeching sounds, which detract from the audience's enjoyment of the event.
"Cherry picking" is a term used to describe an article that is deliberately misleading or misleading. 

For example:

_URL_0_
Dentist records are kept by the dentist. Forensic pathologists can look up the dentist's name in the dental records.
It's all about technique.

Musical technique is the ability of instrumental and vocal musicians to exert optimal control of their instruments or vocal cords to produce precise musical effects. 

It's also about the timbre of the music.  The timbre is a measure of how well a piece of music is played.  It's not about the notes themselves, it's about how well the instrument plays them.  If you're good at playing the notes, you'll be able to play them better than if you're bad at playing them.
It's called [hyperhidrosis](_URL_0_).

Hyperhidrosis is a condition in which the skin in your hands and feet becomes dryer and drier than the skin on the rest of your body. This causes your body to produce more heat than it needs, which is why you get cold hands.
It's a combination of things. 

1. The size of the game is limited by the amount of space on the disc.

2. The amount of data that needs to be stored on the disk is limited, so the game has to store it in a format that can be easily accessed by the computer.
The Planck length is the length at which quantum zero oscillations of the gravitational field completely distort Euclidean geometry. 

The mass of an electron is the Planck mass, and the length of an atom is the unit of energy.  
   

 
The length of a particle is the amount of time it takes for it to travel at the speed of light.
Debt is not the mathematical integral of deficit. 

The deficit is a measure of how much money the government is spending, not how much it is taking in.

A deficit is the amount of money that the government takes in, not the amount that it takes out.  If the government spends more money than they take in, then the deficit is less.  So if the government borrows $1,000 this year, and then spends $500,000 next year, then they have $500 more in debt than they have in revenue.  This is called the "primary deficit".
I think it's because "xylophone" and "xenophobe" start with an X instead of a Z?
The sound of your own voice is different than the sound that others hear, so how are impressionists able to do what they do?
Non-GAAP earnings are a measure of operating profit.  

GAAP is the measure of profit before taxes.  It's a way for a company to show how much money they have in the bank, and how much they have on hand.  If they don't use GAAP earnings, they can't show that.

If they do, they have to show that they are losing money.  They have to report that they're losing money, but they're not reporting it as a loss.  That's because they're reporting the loss before taxes, not the loss after taxes.
I think it's because the suffixes are pronounced differently. 

"Bicycle" is pronounced as "bicycle" and "motorcycle" as "bike".
Your nipples are made up of a bunch of connective tissue called the mammary gland. When it is cold, it contracts, causing the tissue to swell. This causes your nipples to become harder and more firm.
>  What is different about the brains of smart people versus not-so-smart people?

There are a lot of things. 

1. The brain is a collection of different parts of the brain.

2. There are different types of neurons in the brain that are used for different things.
3. There is a certain amount of white matter that is used for memory and working memory.
4. Some brains are better at working memory than others.
5. Some brain regions are more efficient at processing complex information.
6. Some people are more likely to be able to
Movies are made to entertain, games are made for entertainment.

Movies have a lot of money to spend on special effects and special effects.  

Video games don't have special effects, so they don't need to spend as much money on them.
I think it has to do with the angle of the parking space. 

When you drive into a parallel parking space, you are driving in the same direction as the car in front of you.  When you reverse out of the space, the car is going in the opposite direction of the direction it is driving.  So you have to go in the direction you're driving in.

If you reverse into a parking space on the other side of the road, you're going to have to drive in the other direction.  If you're in a straight line, you can't reverse into the space
I think it's because your bladder is under voluntary control. When you ejaculate, your bladder muscles contract, which causes the urethra sphincter to relax, allowing urine to pass through.
Your eyes are made up of a lot of different things. 

Your cornea is made of a bunch of tiny little things called vitreous humor.  When you smoke cannabis, your eyes are exposed to the chemicals that make up the aqueous humor, which is what makes your eyes look red.
Hair grows at a rate of approximately 1 to 1.5cm a month, and so cross sections from different sections of the follicle can give estimates as to when a substance was ingested. 

Hair can tell you if someone has been using drugs for a long time, but it doesn't tell you how long they have been using.  It's not the same as eating/drinking habits.
The renminbi is not artificially undervalued, it is undervalued because it is being used to buy goods and services from other countries. 

For example, if you want to buy something in China, you have to buy it in yuan.

If you want something in dollars, you need to buy them in yuan, and the yuan is not worth as much as it is in dollars.
I think it has to do with survival instinct. 

When you are in captivity, you are not allowed to do anything you don't want to do.  If you want to escape, you have to do what they tell you to do, and if they say to do it, you do it.
Herpes is caused by two different viruses. Herpes simplex and herpes genitalis are caused by the same virus.

Herpes herpes is a virus that causes genital sores. It can be treated with antiviral drugs, but it is not a cure.
Doxxing is the act of leaking someone's identity to the public. 

It's usually done by someone who has access to the person's phone number or email address.  If the phone number is public, they can use it to find the person they want to doxx.

If the person doesn't have access to their phone number, then they can just use their email address to find out who they are.
The Cayman Islands is a British Overseas Territory. 

The reason it is a "tax haven" is because it has no direct income tax.  It has no wealth tax, no estate taxes, no capital gains tax, and no inheritance tax.
It would be a massive fireball.  It would be so big that it would be able to travel at the speed of light.  

It would also be so massive that the radiation would be absorbed by the earth's atmosphere, so it would not reach the ground.
Dumbledore and Harry are in the middle of a battle with Voldemort. Dumbledore is trying to kill Harry, and Harry is trying not to kill him. 

Dumbledore is a wizard, Harry is a werewolf, and Voldemort is an evil wizard.

Harry is a muggle, and Dumbledore is a dark wizard, and they are in a war. Dumbledore wants Harry to kill Voldemort, but Harry doesn't want to, so Dumbledore tells him to go to the Burrow, where he will teach him how to be a wizard.
Paracetamol is a non-opioid analgesic.

Aspirin and ibuprofen are NSAIDs, which are anti-inflammatory drugs. 

Paracetaminophen is an acetaminophen, which is an NSAID.  It is not safe to take paracetamophen in combination with any other NSAID because it increases the risk of stomach acidity, which can lead to stomach ulcers.
Humans are not the only species that don't physically look alike. There are many other species that do look alike, but they don't look like us. 

The reason we look different is because our brains are different from those of other animals. We have different brains than other animals, and our brains aren't the same size, shape, color, texture, etc.

Our brains are also different from other animals' brains, and we don't have the same genes that other animals have.
I think it has to do with the pronunciation. 

"Taunted" sounds like "eD" but "pushed" sound like "t"
When you're asleep, your body is trying to keep warm. When you're awake, you're trying to stay warm, so your body wants to keep you warm.
It's called coronal rain. It occurs when hot plasma in the sun's corona cools and condenses in strong magnetic fields, usually associated with regions that produce solar flares.

When the sun gets hot enough, it cools down enough that it condenses into droplets of water droplets. These droplets then fall down to the ground, where they become rain.
Worms are attracted to water because it's easier for them to find food. 

When it rains, the water is heavier than the soil, and the worms can't get away from it.

So they lay their eggs on the ground.
We can use the ISS, but we don't want to use it as a base station.  It's too expensive.
Bees don't like water. They don't want to drink it, they don't need it to build their nests, they want it to stay warm.

A swimming pool is the perfect place for a swarm of bees to build a nest. 

Bees are attracted to water because it's warm, and because they can't fly.  They are also attracted to the smell of the water, which makes them feel safe.
The ACT and SAT are administered by the College Board, which is a not-for-profit organization. They are run by a group of people who are paid by the colleges to administer the tests. 

The College Board is funded by the ACT and the SAT, and they have a contract with the ACT to administer them.
All property is theft. 

If you own a piece of land, you own the land.  If you don't own land, then you are not entitled to it.

You are entitled to the land because you are the owner of the land, not because you own it.
Confidence intervals are a measure of the uncertainty in an estimate of a single numerical value.  

For example, if you're trying to estimate the probability that a certain number of people will die in a car accident, you can estimate the confidence interval of the estimate.

If you're looking at the probability of someone dying in a traffic accident, and you know that it's unlikely that it will happen, but you don't know how much of a chance it is that it won't happen, then you can use confidence intervals to estimate how likely it is to happen.
It's not a cancer warning, it's a health warning.

Acrylamide is a carcinogen that is found in coffee beans.  It's a byproduct of the process of roasting the beans.
Paper records were lost. 

Most of the paper records were in the basement of the World Trade Center.  They were stored in storage units that were crushed by the collapse of the towers.

Many of the records were stored on the second floor of the WTC.  The basement was flooded with water, and the water was so deep that it was able to penetrate the walls of the building.  Many of these records were kept in filing cabinets, which were also submerged in the water.  Some of them were kept on the third floor, which was also flooded, but the water level was high enough
We can tell so much from a person's face. 

It's not just facial features, it's also the way they look.  If you look at someone's face, you can tell what they are wearing, how they are dressed, what they look like, and how they act.  You can tell a lot of things about someone from their face, even if you don't know them.
Torque steer is caused by the difference in the force between the contact points of the left and right drive wheels. 

When you drive a car, the steering wheel is attached to the steering column.  The steering column is a piece of metal that has a spring attached to it.  When you push the wheel to one side, it pushes the spring to the other side.  This causes the steering to pull to the left.

If you are driving a car with a front wheel drive, the spring is connected to the drive wheel.  If you drive it to the right, it pulls to
If they are legally married in the US, they are allowed to travel to the Middle East. 

But if they are not legally married, they can't travel there.

Saudi Arabia does not recognize same sex marriage.
Hormones stimulate growth in the areas of the muscles that they are used the most. 

The same thing happens when you lift heavy weights.  Your body releases hormones that stimulate the growth of the muscle fibers that are used most.
The US was in the midst of a depression. 

The Depression was caused by the Great Depression.  The Depression was a period of high unemployment, high inflation, and high unemployment.

During the Depression, the government was trying to stimulate the economy, but it was not working.  It was not easy to do so, and it was difficult to get people to work.  So the government decided that the best way to do this was to use the money that was being spent on the war effort to help the economy.  This was done through the Lend-Lease program, which was
It's called "motion compensation photography". 

Motion compensation photography is when you use a camera to record the movement of a subject with an inverting (positive) lens, and synchronized appropriately, the images show events as a function of time.

For example, if you take a picture of a person walking down the street, and hold the camera in front of them, you can see that they are walking at a constant speed, but the camera is moving at the same rate as the person walking. 
When the camera hits the ground, the camera stops moving, and the image is slowed down.
I think it's because it's a reflex. 

Babies and young children suck their thumbs when they are hungry, because it helps them find the food they need. It's also a way for them to learn how to suck their thumb.

_URL_0_
Solid state drives use a spinning magnetic disk to store data.  

A hard drive uses a spinning platter to store the data.

When you have an internal hard drive, you have to keep the data on the platter.  If you have a SSD, you don't need to keep it on a platter, because the data is stored on a SSD.  The drive can be read and written at the same time, so it doesn't have to worry about mechanical shock damage.
Mammals have evolved to be able to give birth to live babies. 

The placenta is a special organ that allows the fetus to stay in the mother's uterus for a long time.  It's called a [syncytin](_URL_0_).  It is a protein that helps the fetus stay inside the mother for as long as possible.  When the fetus is born, the syncytins are released into the blood stream, which allows it to stay inside.  This allows the baby to survive until it's ready to be weaned.

When the
I'm not sure what you're talking about. 

_URL_0_
It's not the cancer that kills you, it's the fact that the cancer has metastasized to other parts of the body. 

If you're diagnosed with colon cancer, the first thing you should do is get a colonoscopy, which will tell you if the cancer is present in your colon.  If it's not present, you should get it removed.

It's also important to note that colon cancer is a very difficult cancer to treat, so it's best to treat it as early as possible.  There are many different types of colon cancer that are difficult to treat.
The engine is not connected to the stationary part of the engine. It is connected in cascade to the two output ports of the main controller.
The Westboro Baptist Church is not legally mandated to cater the event.

They are a religious organization, not a business.
They want to know what you would do if you had to choose between the two jobs. 

If you're applying for a job that pays $100k a year, you're not going to get the job.  If you apply for $50k/year, you'll get a $10k raise, but you'll have to do a lot of work to get that raise.

It's not that they're asking you to do something that you don't want to do, it's that they want you to think about it.
Russia was invaded by the US in the early 90s, and the US invaded Georgia in the late 90s.  

Russia is a big country with a lot of oil and gas reserves, so the US wanted to take advantage of the fact that Russia was a big oil producer and wanted to buy their oil.  The US didn't like that, and decided to invade Russia.

When the US did this, they invaded Georgia, and Russia responded by invading Ukraine.  Ukraine is a huge country with lots of oil reserves and lots of natural resources, so they decided to buy a bunch of oil
Santa can climb down the chimney, but he has to go through a hole in the roof of the house. He can't climb up the roof, he can only go down the inside of it. 

If you want to know how he does it, you need to look at [this thread](_URL_0_).
Because 10-0-0 doesn't work. 

10-0 is a way to get the ball out of the hands of the opposition.  It's a way for the other team to know that they're not going to be able to get it back.  If they do it, they're going to have to play a lot more defensively, which means they'll have to spend more time in the opposition's half of the field.  That's a lot of time for the opposition to have the ball.

It's also a way of getting the ball away from the opposition, which is
I think it has to do with our sense of smell. When we eat sour things, our brains are triggered by the smell of the food, which triggers the smell receptors in our noses and mouths to tell us that the food is bad and should not be eaten. 

When you eat sour food, your brain sends a signal to your brain telling you that it's bad and you should not eat it, and your brain interprets this as an expression of disgust.
RS-232 is still in use because it's a very reliable way to send and receive data.

USB is much faster than RS-232, but it's also much more expensive to build and maintain than a serial port.
I'm not sure if this is ELI5, but I'm going to try to explain it as best I can. 

A bike with 20+ gears is a 2 stroke single cylinder engine with a rotary disc valve induction, four gears, running on a 20:1 mix of the crankset(the chainring) and the crank (the chain).

The engine is designed to run at a certain RPM, which is the RPM of the engine.

When the engine is running at normal rpm, it produces a certain amount of power, and when it reaches that RPM, it
Tears are a natural lubricant, but they do not have the same properties as lubricant drops. They do not lubricate the surface of your eye. They are a lubricant because they help keep your eye moist, but not because they are the lubricant.
Sound is a wave. 

Light is an electrical signal.  If you want to store information in light, you need to change the wavelength of the light.

Sound, on the other hand, can be stored as a waveform.
Because perjury is not a crime.

Perjury is a crime of lying under oath.  It is a violation of the First Amendment of the Constitution, which prohibits perjury.
It is illegal to use tear gas on enemy combatants, but not on civilians in the US?
It is claimed that exercise is better than taking antidepressants. 

A lot of it is due to the fact that exercise increases the amount of serotonin in the brain, which is a neurotransmitter that helps with depression and anxiety.  It is believed that these short-term effects of exercise are mediated by an increased abundance of synaptic dopamine and norepinephrine (which are neurotransmitters in your brain that help with mood and mood disorders.
It depends on the type of needle. 

When you get a tetanus shot, the needle is inserted in a very small area of your skin, so it's not going to hurt as much as if it were in the middle of your body.
The water in the vortex is not going anywhere. It's just being pushed out of the way. 

If you look at the bottom of a bottle of water, you can see that the water is moving in a straight line, but the top of the bottle is not moving at all.

The water is being pushed away from the center of the vortex by the water in front of it.
If you get more than one life sentence, it's called a whole life sentence.

It means that you will be imprisoned for the rest of your natural life. 

In other words, you're not going to be able to get out of prison until you die.
Boko Haram is not a terrorist organization, it is a religious organization. 

ISIL is.

They are a terrorist group.  They are a violent organization. They want to impose their own version of Islam on the rest of the world.
It depends on the jurisdiction. 

In the US, if you are sued for more money than you have, you are entitled to restitution, which means that the government must pay you back the difference between the amount of money you have and the amount they awarded you.

If you are fined for more than $10,000, the government can garnish your wages and garnish the rest of your wages. 


In other words, if the government garnishes your wages, you have to pay them back.
Yes. 

Your conscience would be split into two separate parts.

The left side of your brain would be responsible for interpreting and interpreting the meaning of the world, and the right side for interpreting it's own thoughts and feelings.
I'm not sure what you mean by "dust" but I'm going to try to explain it. 

Dirt is the stuff that is stuck to the surface of a surface.  It's like dirt on a piece of paper.  When you wipe it off, you're wiping it off the paper, but it's still there.

Dust is the dirt that's stuck to a surface because it's stuck there.  If you're not careful, you can leave it there for a long time, and eventually it will get to the point where you can't see it anymore.
If you were born deaf, you wouldn't be thinking about language at all. You would be talking to yourself. 

If you are born hearing, you will learn to use sign language as a way to communicate with your hearing peers.  You will also learn to read and write.
Guilt is a strong emotion because it is a conflict between your ego and your superego. It is the result of a struggle between the two.

When you do something wrong, your ego wants to punish you for it, but you want to punish yourself for not doing it. So you feel guilty and want to fix it.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm going to try to answer your question. 

A lot of crossfitters use a system called the [Ad Arc](_URL_0_).  It's basically a system that allows you to use your body weight as a spring to push yourself up and down the track.  The idea is that you can use your weight to push your body up and push yourself down, and your body will do the same thing.

The idea is to get your body to push down and push up as hard as you can.  If you
Some people have problems with the parts of the human body required for human speech (vocal cords, lungs, trachea, esophagus, mouth, or tongue, etc.).

Some people are physically mute due to damage to the brain.

For example, if you are deaf, you can't hear the sounds that come out of your mouth because your brain can't make sense of them.
I think it's because the ads are getting less comical. 

It's not that they're getting funnier, it's that they are getting more expensive.  The average cost of a 30-second commercial during the Super Bowl is about $100,000.  That's a lot of money to spend on a 30 second spot.
It's a combination of two consonants. 

_URL_0_
Carbon is the most abundant element in the periodic table. 

It has a hexagonal structure (CN 3). It is a semimetal in its planes, with an electrical conductivity exceeding that of some metals, and behaves as a semiconductor in the direction perpendicular to its planes.
The moon is illuminated by the sun, but the earth's shadow blocks most of the sun's light from reaching the moon. This causes the light to be refracted through the Earth's atmosphere, giving it a reddish tint.
I think it has to do with the way the meat is prepared and the way it is cooked.

If you prepare the meat properly, it will be very tasty, but if you don't, it won't taste as good.
I'm not sure what you're talking about. 

If you don't owe income tax on all your paychecks, it's not taken out of your paycheck.  If you do, you're still owing income tax.
Radiation is both a cause and a treatment for cancer. 

Cancer is caused by mutations in the DNA of the cells that make up your body's DNA.

Radiation breaks the DNA in the cell, causing it to stop dividing.  This causes the cell to stop making new DNA.
I'm not a sports fan, but I'll give it a shot.

Brady has a reputation for being a bit of a jerk.  He's been known to get into fights with other players, he's been accused of taunting, and he's had a history of not following the rules of the game.  In the past, he was known to throw the ball the wrong way on some plays, and when he was in the NFL, he would be fined for it.  It's not uncommon for players to do this, but it's not a big deal.  The problem is that
Dirt can absorb water, but not all of it. 

Dirt is made up of water droplets.  When water hits the dirt, the droplets stick to the dirt and stick to each other.  This is called adhesion.

Water droplets can't stick to dirt, they stick to air.  So the water has to go through the air to get to the water.
It's not that important, it's that it's a measure of how hard you are working and how much effort you are putting into your studies. 

If you're doing well in school, you're getting good grades because you're working hard.  If you're not doing well, you aren't working hard enough to get good grades.
I don't think you should believe the accuracy of any national poll, if you (or anybody you know) has never participated in any of them?
It was a system that was created by the shogunate after World War II. 

The shogunal (lords) were the ruling class of Japan, and they were the ones who controlled the economy.

After the war, they were forced to give up control of the economy to the government, which was led by the Shogunal's son-in-law, the shōgun.  The shogun was a powerful man, and the government wanted to keep him in power, so it created the keiretsu system, which allowed the government to control the economy in a way
The Constitution was written by a group of people who were elected by the people of the United States.  

The idea behind the constitution was that the federal government would be a check on the power of the states.  The states would have the power to decide what laws they wanted to make, and the federal power would be limited to what they wanted.

In the end, the states decided that they didn't want to have a federal government, so they decided to write the constitution in such a way that it would allow them to make their own laws.  They also decided that the Federal government would
Silicon is a very good conductor of electricity. 

Silicon has a very high thermal conductivity, which means that it can withstand a lot of heat.

When you heat up a silicon chip, the electrons are attracted to the surface of the chip, which causes it to conduct more energy.  This means that the chip is more conductive than other semiconductors, and therefore more power efficient.
Producing backing music is a very important part of making music, but it's not as important as writing the music. 

Avicii and David Guetta are primary artists even on their vocal'd tracks.  They write the music, they produce it, they mix it, and they play it live.

The reason they don't get as much credit is because they aren't as good at it as they think they are.
English is the universal language.  It is the language of diplomacy, trade, business, science, and communication.  

It is also the language that is spoken by the majority of the world's population.

There are a few reasons for this:

1. English is a universal language, meaning that it can be used by people from all over the world.  If you want to communicate with someone in another country, you need to use English.  You need to be able to say "Hello, I'm from England, and I'm here to talk to you."

2
Obesity is caused by excess fat in the body. 

When you are obese, your body produces too much insulin, which is a hormone that regulates blood sugar levels.  When you eat too much fat, you don't produce enough insulin, and your body starts to produce too much glucose.  This leads to insulin resistance, which leads to type 2 diabetes.
It takes about 7-10 days for muscles to increase in mass after a workout. 

The process of muscle growth is called hypertrophy.  Muscle is made up of a bunch of different types of cells that are used for different things.  When you work out, your body breaks down some of these cells and replaces them with new ones.  These new cells are called muscle fibers, and they are used to perform a number of different functions.

When you're done working out, these new cells need to be replenished.  This is called supercompensation, and it's the process
DroidVPN is not a virus, it's a botnet. 

It's a way for a malicious program to infect your computer with malware.

The malware is a virus that infects your computer by infecting it's host cell with a virus.  The virus infects the host cell and then infects other cells in the same cell, and infects them with the virus. The virus then replicates and replicates until it infects all the cells in your cell, then it spreads to all the other cells, infecting them and infecting all the others. 


The
Gizmodo has been around for a long time, and has a long history of being a source of news and information for the tech industry. 

It's not that they're bad, it's that they have a history of publishing things that are just plain wrong.

For example, in the early days of the internet, there were a lot of people who were very critical of the way the internet was run.  They were very vocal about how they felt that the Internet was being run by a bunch of jerks, and that they were trying to make money off of it.
Differential equations are used to describe the behavior of a system. 

For example, if you have a ball falling through the air, you can calculate the velocity of the ball as the time value varies.

If you want to know how fast the ball is moving, you need to know the velocity as the change in time. 


You can do this by taking the velocity and multiplying it by time.
I'm not sure what you mean by "auto-correct".

It's not that the software knows that you spelled the word incorrectly, it's that it doesn't know the correct spelling of the word.

If you type "fog" in a word processor, it will automatically correct the spelling. 

But if you write "the fog was dense", it won't automatically correct it.
I'm not sure, but I think it has something to do with the way the video is stored on your computer. 

When you watch a video on a mobile device, you're watching it on a computer, which means that the video has to be saved in a format that is not compatible with the video player on your phone or tablet.

If you want to watch the same video on your desktop, you need to download the video from the YouTube website, which you can't do on your mobile device.
The phrase was originally used to refer to soldiers in World War I.

It was used to describe soldiers who would suck up, befriend or attempt to please persons of higher rank. 

In the military, it was used as a way to show that they were doing a good job, but that they weren't trying to please everyone. 


The phrase is still used today.
Freckles are caused by the sun damaging your skin's natural pigments, melanin. Melanin is a pigment that protects your skin from UV rays. 

Your skin is made up of a bunch of cells called keratinocytes. When you get sun exposure, these cells produce more melanin, which makes your skin darker and more prone to sunburn.
Gum trees in Australia are very hardy.  They have a lot of roots, and the roots are very strong.  When they fall, they don't break, they just fall off. 

In the case of the gum tree in Australia, the root system is very weak.  The roots are so weak that they can't hold the tree up.  So the branches just fall.

If the tree is in the middle of a rainstorm, the roots can't support the weight of the tree.  This is why they fall.
Interest rates are set by a group of banks. 

They set the interest rates because they want to make money.  They know that if they set the rate high enough, they will get a lot of business.  If they set it too low, they'll get less business.

If they fix the rate too high, they can't make as much money as they would if they didn't.
I think it has to do with the fact that politics is a game of showmanship. 

When you are running for office, you have to prove that you are the best person for the job.  You have to show that you have the most experience and know what you are talking about.  If you don't have that experience, then you can't win.

If you are a politician, and you have a lot of experience, but you have no idea what you know, then it makes you feel like you are not good enough to be a good politician.  It makes people feel like
I think it's because they were derived from the Arabic solmization system. 

It's a system that was used in the Middle Ages, and it was used by the Arabic language.

The Arabic word for "Do" was "Do", and the Arabic words for "Re" and "So" were "Do".

So, Re, So, La, Ti, Do, and So are all part of the same word, but they're all different letters. 


The reason they're called "Do Re" is because they're the last syllable of the word "
There are a lot of factors at play here.

1. The human population is constantly expanding. The more people there are, the harder it is for the environment to provide enough food for them to live on. 

2. The amount of resources available to the human population keeps increasing. If there are too many people, the amount of food available to them will eventually run out, and they will die out.
Deuterium oxide is a heavy isotope of uranium.

Uranium is fissile, which means that it has a lot of neutrons, which are very fast neutrons. 

If you want to make a nuclear bomb, you need a moderator to slow down the neutrons so that they don't hit the uranium and cause it to fission, which is why you need to have a neutron moderator to stop them from hitting the uranium.
It's called a shock wave, and it's caused by a shockwave. 

Imagine you're standing on the floor of a building.  You're standing in the middle of the floor, and the air above you is pushing down on you.  If you stand on the ground, you're feeling the pressure of the air below you, but you're not feeling it on top of you.

If you stand in the center of the building, you feel the pressure above you, and you feel it on the top of your head.  But if you stand at the bottom, you don't
They don't. 

The crane is a mobile crane.  They are mobile because they are mobile.  The crane is mobile because it can be towed by a truck.  It can also be towed on flatbed trucks.

They are mobile so they don't need to be anchored to the ground.  If they are anchored on the ground, they can be moved to the top of the tower.
It's not illegal to advertise on sites that promote illegal behavior. 

It's illegal to promote illegal activity on a legitimate business.
Genetic drift is caused by random sampling of alleles. 

Imagine you have a box of marbles.  
When you open the box, you can see that the marbles are all the same size and weight but of different colours from a brown paper bag.

Now imagine that you take one of those marbles and put it in a glass jar.  You then put it on the table and put a piece of paper on top of it.  The marbles now have a different color, and you can't tell which one is which.  This is called genetic drift, and it
Nirvana is the state of being completely free of desire. 

In Buddhism, it is a state of mind where there is no desire, no greed, no hatred, no attachment, no suffering, and no attachment to anything.
A reliable source is someone who is willing to tell you the truth. 

A reliable news source is a source who will tell you what they know and when they know it.
Birthdays started in ancient times as a way to mark the passing of time. 

In ancient times, birthdays were a way for people to celebrate the fact that they had passed through a certain stage of life and were now adults.  They were not as important as they are today, but they were important enough that they were still celebrated.

Birthdays became more important in the Middle Ages because of the advent of the birth of Jesus.  The birth of Christ was celebrated on December 25th, which was the winter solstice.  It is believed to have been the day that Jesus was born
Black things emit infrared radiation, which is the same as visible light. 

When a black object is heated, it emits infrared radiation.  This is the wavelength of infrared radiation that is emitted by the object.  When it reaches a certain temperature, it stops emitting infrared radiation and just radiates thermal radiation (which is the frequency of the emitted radiation).

Black objects emit thermal radiation at a higher frequency than visible light, so they emit more thermal radiation.
The pyramids were not built by slaves, they were built by skilled workers who camped near the pyramids and worked for a salary or as a form of tax payment (levy) until the construction was completed, pointing to workers' cemeteries discovered in 1990 by archaeologists Zahi Hawass and Mark Lehner.
Your body needs water to maintain its electrolyte balance. If you don't drink enough water, your body will start to lose electrolytes and your kidneys will stop working properly.

If you drink 0.5L/day of water instead of the recommended 1.0L, you will be dehydrated.
Your DNA is made up of a bunch of different strands of DNA. Each cell has its own set of DNA, and each cell has a set of genes that tell it how to divide and make new DNA. 

When a cell divides, it breaks down its own DNA and creates new DNA, which is then used by other cells to divide. When the new DNA is created, the old DNA is broken down and replaced with new DNA (called chromatin).

This process is called the cell cycle, and it's called the [cell cycle](_URL_0_). The cell cycle is a
The GFC was caused by the collapse of the housing market.

The housing market collapsed because the housing bubble was too big.  The housing market was oversupplied, and the housing prices were too high.  This caused a lot of people to sell their homes, which caused the price of housing to drop.  In turn, this caused the value of real estate to drop as well.  It's not a good time to sell real estate, because it's not worth the money.  If you sell your house, you're going to lose money, and if you sell it, you'll lose
Static code analysis is a way of looking at code and finding errors. 

For example, let's say you have a program that has a function that takes a string and returns a string of numbers.  If you want to know how many numbers are in that string, you can look at the code and see how many times it has been called.  You can also look at it and see if there are any errors in the code.

If there is a bug, you could use a static analysis tool like Inspector Eiffel to look for it.
There was a surplus in 1997, but it was not a balanced budget. 

The budget was balanced because the federal government was spending less than it was taking in, and the government was borrowing more.

In other words, the budget deficit was less than the budget surplus.
Synthetic motor oil is a lubricant made from vegetable oils and waxes. 

Natural gasoline is made from crude oil, but it's made from petroleum.

It's cheaper to make synthetic motor oil than it is to make natural gasoline.
Because the government doesn't have the money to pay for the unsold food to be given to the hungry. 

The government has a lot of money, but it's not enough to cover the cost of the food.
Nicolas Cage has been doing bad movies for a long time now. He's been in a lot of bad movies. 

He's not a bad actor, he's just not good at making movies.

The problem is that he's not making movies that are good enough to justify the money he's getting paid for them.
They don't. 

The NFL is a business, not a sport.  It's a business.  There's a lot of money to be made in the NFL, but it's not the same as being a professional athlete.  You have to earn it, and you have to work hard at it.  If you don't do that, you're not going to make it.
It's called [Cervical Dystonia](_URL_0_). It's caused by a problem with the nerves in the brain that control your muscles. It can be caused by muscle spasms, muscle contractions, etc.

It can also happen when you're doing strenuous exercise, such as lifting heavy weights, and it can cause your muscles to contract, causing you to lose consciousness.
CEEFAX and TELETEXT worked before the internet.

Ceefax was the first teletext system in the US. It was used by KSL-TV in Salt Lake City, Utah, which was a cable TV station. 

Teletext was a teletext service in the UK.  It was also used by the BBC.
Nerves are made up of a bunch of cells called Schwann cells.  When you cut a nerve, the cells that make up the nerve lose their ability to send impulses down the nerve.  This causes the nerve to stop working.

When the nerve is damaged, the Schwann cell that makes the nerve starts to die.  The cells that are responsible for sending the impulses stop working, so the nerve stops working.  

This is called axonotmesis.  If you cut the nerve in the distal part of the nerve, it stops working, and it stops sending impulses
It's called victim blaming. 

It's a form of self-blame.  It's the belief that the victim was doing something, acting a certain way, or wearing clothes that may have provoked the perpetrator, therefore making the transgressions against the victim their own fault.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it has something to do with the fact that you're not supposed to leave trash at the table at a fast food resturant. 

It's a safety thing.  If you leave trash on the table, it's going to be picked up by the trash picker, and if you leave it on the parking lot, it will get picked up.
You can shave hair off an animal without killing it. 

The fur is made of keratin, which is a very strong fiber.  When you cut it off, the keratin breaks down, and the animal's skin is exposed to the elements that make up the fur.  This causes the fur to become brittle and brittle, which causes the animal to die.
Airlines don't want to pass on the cost of fuel to their customers.  They want to make money.  So they have to raise prices to cover the increased costs.
You could, but it would require a lot of energy to ground the dirt. 

You would need to use a bucket of dirt that was big enough to hold enough energy to power a small generator.
Dogs have been domesticated by humans for a very long time, and have undergone rapid phenotypic change over the course of that time.

Cats, on the other hand, started out as wild cats and have been selectively bred by humans to look and act like dogs.
When you mess up, your body is trying to get rid of some of the toxins in your food. 

If you eat too much, you will feel sick to your stomach.
We don't hate popular stuff because we don't like it, we hate it because it's popular.

Popularity is a social phenomenon.  It's a measure of how much people like something.  If you like something, you're more likely to like it if you're a member of a group of people who like it.  The more popular something is, the more likely it is to be liked. 

If you're not a part of that group, it's because you don't want to be associated with it.
Your body has a huge capacity to absorb heat from the air around it, so 98.6 degree water feels hot if that's our body temperature.
When you sleep, your brain shuts down the part of your brain responsible for storing long-term memories. When you wake up, the part that processes memories is still processing them, so you can only remember a little bit of it.
I'm not sure what you mean by "throwaway", but I think it's a way for people to get rid of their gold. 

Reddit has a lot of gold, so it's not uncommon for them to give it to people who don't need it.
I'm not sure what the point of inverted colors is, but I think it's just a marketing gimmick.
The US is trying to get rid of Assad because he is a dictator.  

He's been in power for a long time and has been doing a lot of bad things to the region and the world.

The US wants to get him out of power so that he doesn't become a regional power.
Capacitors are a type of battery.

Batteries store energy in the form of electricity. 

A capacitor is a device that has capacitance, or the ability to store electrical energy.  A supercapacitor is a battery that can store energy.
It depends on what you mean by "conversion".

If you're talking about convincing people that something is true, you have to convince them that it is true.

For example, if you want to convince someone of something, you need to show them that they are wrong about something, and that there is a difference between what they believe and what they actually believe. 

You can do this by telling them that the majority of people don't believe what you believe, but that there are people who do, and they are telling you that you are wrong. 


You have to show
A heavily inflated yen is good for the Japanese economy because it makes it cheaper for Japanese companies to export their goods to the US, which means they can sell them at a higher price.

In America, inflation is a bad thing because it means that the US will have to pay more for goods and services, which is bad for the US economy.
You can push Record, but it's not really that easy.  

You have to connect the phone to the phone tower and connect it to the tower's network.  Then you have to tell the tower that you want to record the call.  The tower doesn't want you to do that.
Dogs don't like dog food, they like dog treats.  They like treats because they are more nutritious.  Dog food is full of chemicals and additives that they can't handle.  Treats are full of vitamins and minerals that they don't need.
It takes 8 minutes for light to travel from the sun to the earth. 

We know this because we can measure the distance between the earth and the sun, and we know that it takes about 22 minutes for the moon to pass through the earth's atmosphere.
Paper bags were freely available prior to plastic being banned. 

Plastic bags are made of plastic, and are not recyclable.

Paper bags can be made of paper, and can be recycled.
It's not that you aren't automatically registered to vote on the day of your 18th birthday with a valid driver's license. It's that you have to be 18 years of age to register to vote. 

It's just that there are a lot of laws that require you to be at least 18 years old before you can vote.
I think it's because the film is being recorded at a higher resolution than your eyes are used to seeing. 

When you're shooting a scene, you're using a lot of light to create a very high contrast image.  
   

 
When it's dimly lit, the light is spread out so that it doesn't look like it's coming from a single source, but rather from many sources.  This means that when you look at the image, you can't see the light coming from one source, and you can only see it coming from the other.
The difference between client-server and p2p internet networks is that the server is the one that handles all of the traffic, and the client is just the server.

Client-server is a way for you to connect to the internet. 

P2p is when you connect to a server, and it's the server that handles the traffic.
Our digestive system is a complex system. 

When you eat, your intestines are divided into two sections.  The proximal end of the stomach relaxes when food is digested.  This allows the food to pass through the small intestine and into the large intestine.

The large intestine is divided into 2 sections,  the ileum and  the duodenum.  These sections are separated by the pyloric sphincter, which is a muscle that constricts to prevent more food from entering.  When the intestine is full of food, this muscle contractions cause
Eating causes your body to release a hormone called ghrelin. Ghrelin is a short-term factor secreted by the stomach just before an expected meal, and strongly promotes food intake. 

When you eat, your body releases insulin, which is a hormone that makes you feel tired.
They don't. 

They use their sense of smell to tell them which way to go.  They also use their eyes to tell if they are going in the right direction.  If they see a car coming at them, they will fly away from it.
It's a cultural thing.

In the early 1900s, there were a lot of boys who wanted to play football, so they started a football camp. It was a way to get the boys into shape and the start of the football season only a couple of weeks into the school year was very short.
I'm not an expert, but I can give you an idea of how it works. 

YouTube is a video sharing site.  It's hosted on a server that's connected to the internet.  When you watch a video on YouTube, it sends a request to the server.  The server responds back to the user with a request for a video.  This request is sent to the video server, and the video is then played back to you.

The video server then sends the video to your browser, which then plays the video back to your computer.  If you're watching a video
When you open a car window, you're blowing air out of the car. 

When you crack the window, the air rushing out of your car is pushed back into the car by the wind.

The sound you're hearing is the sound of the wind rushing back in through the window.
I'm not a doctor, but I can tell you that wearing glasses that are not in your prescription will not ruin your eyes. 

Your eyes are made up of a bunch of cells called keratinocytes.  When you wear glasses, you're changing the shape of your cornea, which is the part of your eye that makes up your vision.  The keratinocyte cells are the ones that make up your eyes, so if you don't have them, your eyes will not be able to focus properly.
The colour catcher is a sheet of paper that absorbs the excess dyes released during the washing cycle before they have the time to transfer onto other clothes. 

It is designed to prevent colour runs in washing machine cycles and allow coloured and whites to be washed together without incurring color run accidents.
I think it has to do with the fact that TV shows tend to have a larger budget than movies. 

A TV show has to pay for a lot of special effects, costumes, sound effects, sound mixing, lighting, etc.

Movies, on the other hand, don't have to pay as much for special effects and sound mixing.
I don't know the answer to this, but I think it has something to do with the amount of money in a country's economy. 

In the US, the average income per year is about $1,000, and in the UK, it's about $2,000.

If you want to know how much money a person makes per year, you need to look at the GDP per capita, which is a measure of how much a country has to spend on things like education, health care, and infrastructure.
It doesn't know how to pronounce street names, it just knows how to read them.
Pompeii is located in the middle of a very cold region of the world.  It is believed to have been frozen during the winter.  During the winter, there is a lot of snow in the area, and the ground is very cold.  This means that it is very difficult for the people to get out of the ice.

It is believed that the people were frozen in the winter because they didn't have enough food to survive.
I don't know the answer to your question, but I think it has something to do with the fact that debit/credit cards require a password when inserted, but not when tapped?
Chili and Olive Garden are not very good. 

Chili is made from scratch, which is why it's so popular.

Olive Garden is a chain, which means that they have to make a lot of changes to their menu to appeal to the tastes of their customers.
If you put X amount of money on an account with an interest rate superior to 0, and given an infinite amount of time, the money in the account will eventually run out of circulation. 

It's not that money will be in circulation forever, it's that the money will not be able to be used to pay interest on the money you put in.
When you eat weed, you're activating the receptors in your brain that sense heat. When you burn or heat it activates the same receptors that are activated when you eat it.
We have evolved to be able to walk on all fours. This means that our brains are smaller than other primate brains. 

We also have a shorter gestation period, which means that the fetus is born earlier in the womb, which is why we have larger brains.

Our pelvis is also shorter than other primates, which allows us to have a wider birth canal, which makes it easier for us to push our babies out of the womb.
We don't want to send radioactive waste into space. 

We want to store it in geological formations where it won't eventually leak.

The problem is that we don't know where they will eventually leak, and we're not sure how long it will take them to get there.
I think it's because it's the start of the school year, which means that people are indoors more often during the winter, they are in close contact more often, and this promotes transmission from person to person.
It's not so much that the euro is worth less than the dollar, it's more that the dollar is worth more than the euro.

The Euro is worth about the same amount of money as the US dollar, so if you want to buy something in the US, you need to buy it in Euros. If you want something in Euros, you have to pay for it in Dollars.
It's not that they don't want to reclaim those words, it's just that they're not used in the same context anymore. 

"Faggot" is still used as a derogatory term for people who are gay, and "queer" is used to refer to people who identify as lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, etc.

There's no reason for them to reclaim "faggot".
It's not that there's no video of most of the Olympics, it's just that there are so many of them that it's impossible to find them all. 

There are a few reasons.

1. Most of the games were broadcast live on satellite TV, which means that they were broadcast to the entire world, which is why there's so much video of them.
Catfish is a reality show.  It's not real, but it's a show about a group of people trying to figure out who they are and what they are up to.  

The premise of the show is that they are trying to find out who the people they are looking for are, and if they find them, they are going to expose them for what they really are.  They are also trying to get them to confess to whatever it is they're looking for.  If they don't want to confess, then they are not going to do it.
There are two main types of dark matter: dark matter and dark energy. 

Dark matter is the stuff we can't see. It's the stuff that's not visible to us, but we can see because it's in galaxies.

**Dark energy** is what causes the universe to expand. We can see galaxies expanding because they're expanding faster than the rest of the universe, and we can tell this because we can observe the stars and gas falling into them. But we don't know how much dark matter is in these galaxies. We don't even know what dark energy is, because we don
They don't go lower than the sidewalk.  They go under the ground. 

Some of them do, but not all.
It would be impossible to sell it. 

The art world has a very strict copyright law.  If you want to sell a piece of art, you have to prove that you own it, and that you are the owner of it.

If you don't have that proof, then you can't sell it, because you're not the owner.
They use microphones to record the actors' voices. 

They use a microphone to record their vocal cords.  They use a speaker to amplify the sound.  Then they use a computer to record it.  The computer then plays it back to the actors.

Edit: I'm not sure if this is ELI5, but I'm going to assume it is.
Because it was cheap. Lead is a naturally occurring element that is cheap and used in many things such as glass, paint, and leaded gasoline. 

It's also a very reactive element, meaning it reacts with other elements in the environment to form a more reactive form of lead, which is why it's so toxic.
The front part of someone's hairline is usually the first to recede with age.  It's because it's the first part of the head to grow out.  

The back part of your head is the last to grow back.
I think it's because your body is trying to prepare you for an attack. 

When you are angry, your brain is telling your body that something is wrong with you, and it's trying to figure out how to fix it.

If you have a heated argument with someone, it's telling your brain that they are wrong, and you need to do something about it. If you don't want to do anything about it, your body tells you that you're not going to be able to handle it, so you're going to get hurt.
They don't shut it down completely, they just stop updating the code.
Depression is a mental illness. It can be caused by a number of things. 

1. Stress

2. Lack of motivation

3. Anxiety

4. Depression is caused by lack of self-esteem.

5. Chronic stress

6. Chronic anxiety

7. Depression can be triggered by any number of factors, but the most common of which are:

* Lack of sleep
* Anxiety
* Stress
* Overuse of substances
* Depression is the result of a lack of motivation or motivation
* A lack of interest in life
*
Because it's a tax deduction.  

Bonus paychecks are taxed as ordinary income.

When you get a bonus, you don't have to pay taxes on it, but you do have to withhold taxes from your paycheck.  The amount of taxes you withhold is based on both the amount of money you earned during the year and the amount you expect to earn in the next year.
Penguins don't have wings. They have flippers. Their wings have evolved to become flippers, useless for flight in the air.

Puffins, on the other hand, have wings that can be used for swimming. They are the fastest underwater swimmers of all penguins, reaching speeds of up to 36 km/h (22 mph).
It's not that they hate reddit, it's that they don't know what they're talking about. 

There are a lot of subreddits on /r/srs that have been around for a long time, but are not as popular as they used to be.

For example, there is a subreddit called /u/The_Real_Srs. It's been around since the early 90s, and has been around ever since. It has a large number of sub-reddits, but it's not as big as it once was, and it has a lot less traffic than other subreddits
I think it's a combination of things.

1. Some people are more sensitive to changes in the environment, and are more likely to wake up in the middle of the night. 

2. People who are very sensitive to change in their environment tend to have a harder time sleeping through the night because they are more susceptible to sleep apnea.
Sugars, carbs, vitamins, etc. are all vitamins and minerals. 

Vitamins and minerals are important because they help your body break down sugars into energy and vitamins.

Carbohydrates are also important, because they are the building blocks of your body's energy system.
I think it's because it's a symbol of the moon.

_URL_0_
Adding 2 odd numbers gives an odd number, and 1 odd number gives an even number. 

If you have 2 even numbers, you can divide by 2, and you get an even result.

But if you have 3 odd numbers, then you get a even result, and 4 odd results, and 5 odd results.
It was recorded on tape.  

They would record the actors, the crew, the writers, the directors, the producers, and the actors themselves.  They would then send the tape to the local TV station, who would then play it back to the TV station.

Then they would send it to the network, and they would re-record it.
Google uses cookies on your computer to track where you go and what you do on the internet. 

If you go to a website that uses Google Analytics, they use your IP address to track your location.

Google knows where you are because they have a database of your location that they can use to track you.  If you don't have a Google account, they won't be able to.
I think it has to do with the fact that clowns are supposed to bring us joy and laughter when they're supposed to be scary. 

It's not that they're evil, it's just that they are often portrayed as such.

The reason we fear them is because of the way they hide their faces, which makes them appear to be in disguise.
We know how many stars there are in our galaxy because we can see them. 

We can measure the distance to the center of the galaxy by measuring the distance of the stars in the galaxy.  This is called parallax.  If you look at a star, you can see that it appears to be moving away from you.  You can calculate how far away it is by measuring how fast it is moving.

If you take a picture of a star and look at it from a distance, you'll notice that it looks like it's moving in the same direction as you are.
The ringer doesn't actually vibrate.  It vibrates by vibrating the diaphragm.  

It vibrates the solenoid, which is the part of the phone that controls the ringer.  The ringer is powered by a battery.  When the phone is set to vibrate, the battery in the phone will start to deplete.
Batteries are made of two types of materials: alkaline and zinc-carbon. 

Lithium-ion batteries are the most common type of battery, but they are also the most expensive.

Zinc-carbon batteries are cheaper to make than alkaline batteries because they have a higher capacity and are easier to manufacture.  They are also safer to make because they do not contain flammable electrolytes, which is why they are safer to use than other types of batteries.
Your facial hair is made up of different types of hair follicles.  The hair on your head is made of vellus hair, which is a type of hair that grows very thick.  On your face, it's made of keratin, which grows very thin.

Your pubes are made of sebum.  This is the stuff that lubricates the hair follicle and makes it grow faster.
Saudi Arabia is the largest oil exporter in the world.  It is also the most important oil producer in the Middle East.  This means that it has a lot of influence on the politics of the region.

Saudi Arabia also has a large amount of oil reserves, which means that they can sell their oil for a lot more money than other Arab countries.
It's called "check kiting".

It's basically when you take a check from a cashier and write a barcode on it. The barcode tells the cashier where the money is.

The cashier can then use the barcode to identify the person who wrote the check.
The founding fathers believed that the government should be limited by the people, not the government.  

They believed that if the government was too big, the people would not be able to do the things they wanted it to do.  They wanted the government to be limited to the people and not the other way around.
It's not a moral argument, it's a cultural one. 

The idea is that eating meat is inherently bad for you, but it's also bad for the environment.

Meat is important in economy and culture, even though its mass production and consumption has been determined to pose risks for human health and the environment, but that doesn't mean it's good for you.
Yes, it is possible to have heavy bones. 

It's called osteoporosis, and it's caused by osteoblasts, a group of cells that make up the bones in your body.  They are called osteoclasts, and they are responsible for the growth of cartilage, which is the soft tissue that makes up your bones.
Your taste buds aren't all the same.

Taste buds are just a collection of chemicals that are sent to your brain by your nose and taste buds. 

When you eat something, your brain tells your taste buds that it's salty, sweet, sour, salty, and sweet.  Your taste buds then tell your brain that the food is salty and that's why it tastes salty.  When you drink a glass of wine, you're telling your brain to taste the wine, but your brain is telling your nose that the wine is sweet.
I think it's because smiley faces and emoticons are yellow.

_URL_0_
I'm not sure what you mean by "planned parenthood". Planned Parenthood is a non-profit organization that provides family planning services to women in the United States. It is not a religious organization, and is not affiliated with any political party.

There are a few things going on with Planned Parenthood right now:

1. Some states are trying to cut off federal funding to the organization, which is a violation of the Affordable Care Act (aka Obamacare).

2. There are a lot of anti-abortion groups that want to defund Planned Parenthood because they believe that the organization provides abortion services.
Graphene is a 2D sheet of carbon atoms arranged in a honeycomb lattice. 

It has a lot of properties that make it a great material for electronics and electronics in general.

The most important of which is that it is extremely strong and has a very thin surface area.  This means that it can be used as a flexible substrate, which makes it a good material for things like sensors.
It depends on the type of car you have. 

If you have a regular car, it's not going to cost that much to have it serviced, but if you have an older car, you're going to pay a lot of money for it to be serviced.

Also, if you're driving a sport utility vehicle (SUV), it's going to be a lot more expensive to have your car serviced than if you had a normal car.
I think it has to do with the fact that the founding fathers of the major religions were left-wing. 

In the United States, the Civil Rights movement was led by Martin Luther King, Jr., who was a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS), which is the largest denomination of the Protestant Church.  The Civil Rights Movement was also led by Luther King Jr.  &  Martin Luther himself, who was also a Christian.
Anxiety and panic attacks are caused by your body telling your brain that something is wrong with you. Your body is telling you that you need to do something, but you don't know what it is. Your brain is telling your body to do it, but your brain doesn't understand what it's telling you to do.

Anxiety is caused by the fact that your brain thinks you're having a panic attack, but it's not. It's your brain's way of telling you you're in danger, and it doesn't want you to be in danger. 

When you have panic attacks,
Pianists play with their hands in the same way that gamers play video games. They have to use their hands to control their instruments.
It's called wireless charging. 

Basically, the phone uses a wireless charger.  It has a chip inside that connects to the phone's battery.  When the phone is plugged into the charger, the chip recognizes that it's connected to the battery and starts charging the phone.  The phone then sends a signal to the chip, which tells the chip that it needs to start charging.

The chip then sends the signal to a receiver, which receives the signal and converts it to voltage.  This voltage is then used to charge the battery.
I think it's because your nails are the most sensitive part of your body to touch. 

When you are nervous, your brain tells your brain that you are ticklish, so you bite your nails to make them more sensitive.
I'm not an astrophotographer, but I can give you a basic idea of how they do it.

First, you have to take a picture of the sky. You can't see a lot of stars in the night sky, but you can see them in the sky if you look at the sky at night. 

Then, you take a photo of the stars.  You use a camera with a wide field of view and a lens that focuses the light so that it hits the stars you want to see.  Then you use a special lens to focus the light on the stars, and
Fever is caused by your body trying to regulate your core temperature. 

Your body's core temperature is regulated by the hypothalamus, which is the part of the brain that controls the body temperature; with hyperthermia, your body temperature rises without the influence of the heat control centers.
It's called pareidolia. 

It's a phenomenon in which your brain interprets the sound of a song as if it's coming from your ear.  It's not that the song is actually made, it's just that it's stuck in your head for so long that your brain can't get rid of it.

This is called [earworming](_URL_0_).
The Jews have a right to Palestine because the British gave it to them as part of the Mandate for Palestine.

The Native Americans don't have a claim to Palestine, because they were not given the land by the British.
I think it has to do with the fact that when you see a stranger, you automatically assume that they are someone you know. 

When you see someone you don't know, you assume they are a member of your group.  You assume they belong to your group, so you assume that if you see them again, you will be able to tell them apart.
I'm not an expert, but I'll try my best to explain it in ELI5 terms.

1. [ELI5: How to analyze music with Roman numerals](_URL_0_)

[ELI1: How do you analyze music using Roman numbers? ](_URL_1_)

 >  How do I do it?

The easiest way to do it is to look at the time signature of the piece.  For example, in a measure of 4/4 time that includes only the symbol with dots 1,3,4 (whole or 16th rest), the symbol must indicate a whole rest.  If you look at that, you'll see that it
Airlines don't want to fix prices, they want to set them. 

If they did, they'd have to do it in a way that would make it harder for people to fly them.
Yes, it would be able to walk on the other spider's web, but it wouldn't have the strength to get caught. 

It's not that it can't walk on other spiders' webs, it's just that it's not as strong as it's supposed to be.
Radio is a type of electromagnetic radiation that travels at the speed of light. 

Radio waves travel through the air and the vacuum of space at the same speed as light.

When you hear a radio, you are hearing an oscillating electric field.  This oscillating field is called a carrier wave.  The carrier wave is the wave that carries the information from the transmitter to the receiver, and the receiver is the one that receives the information.
Heat does not affect if you can get tanned/sunburned. Sunburns are caused by UV rays. 

Sunburns happen when your skin is exposed to UV rays, which are harmful to your skin.

If you are a darker skinned person, your skin will be exposed to more UV rays than if you are light skinned.
Your feet are covered in a layer of epidermis, which is a thin layer of skin that contains a lot of water. 

When you sweat, the water evaporates off of your feet, and the water is absorbed by your skin.

Your feet also have a layer called the [epidermis](_URL_0_) which is the layer that keeps the water from evaporating off your feet.
Sunrise and sunset are not the same time. 

Sunrise is when the sun is at its highest point on the analemma, near its top-left end, and sunset is when it's at its lowest point.

If you live in the middle latitudes of the world, the sun rises in the morning and sets at the end of the day.  This is called the "winter solstice" or the "summer solstice".  It's the time when the Earth's axis of rotation is tilted slightly to the west, and the Sun is at the highest point of the
The cup is a volume measure, not a weight measure. 

It's easier to measure volume than weight.
It's called a mirage.

When you're walking on a hot road, the air above you is hotter than the air below you. The difference in temperature causes a gradient in the temperature (and thus density) of the air, causing it to increase with height. This causes the light to bounce off of the road and bounce back to the ground at a different angle. This makes it appear as if the road is reflecting light from the sky.
We don't know for certain, but we do know that there was an asteroid that hit the earth, and that it was huge. 

We also know that the earth was covered in sandstone at the time of the impact, and we know that this sandstone is the result of a massive tsunami that sandwiched the sand from the massive impact.
It's a two-chamber system. The President is elected by popular vote, and the House of Representatives elects the Speaker of the House, who is the leader of the house. 

The President is chosen by a secret ballot, and is the head of the executive branch of the government. The Vice-President is the President in the case of a tie, and he also acts as President in his absence.
It's called surface tension.

Water molecules are attracted to the walls of the container because they have a higher surface tension than the liquid itself. 

When you put something in a glass, the liquid is attracted to it because it has a lower surface tension, which means that the liquid molecules are more attracted to one side of the glass than the other.
The eggs that we eat come from eggs. 

Chickens don't hatch from eggs, they come from the oviduct, which is the anterior section of the hen's ovum.

The egg yolk is the outer layer of the egg that contains the yolk.  The yolk contains calcium, vitamins, minerals, and other nutrients that are necessary for the development of the embryo.
It's not that they wouldn't make more money if they'd release it for as many platforms as possible from the start, it's just that they don't want to lose money on it. 

If they were to release a game for every platform, they'd have to spend more money on marketing and advertising to get people to buy the game.
The difference between cheap alcohol and expensive alcohol is that cheap alcohol is made from grain alcohol, which is less expensive to produce than high-end alcohol. 

The difference is in the amount of time it takes to distill the alcohol, and the quality of the distillation process.
I think it has to do with the topology of the maze.

If you start at the start, you can look at the entire maze at once and figure out the best way to go from there. If you start from the end, you have to look at all the exits and find the shortest path to the end.
Saddam Hussein was the leader of the Ba'ath Party, a political party that ruled Iraq from the late 70s to the early 90s.  He was a dictator who was known for being corrupt, dishonest, and self-serving.  

He was also known for having a secret nuclear weapons program.  The US invaded Iraq in order to remove him from power, and he was executed for it.

_URL_0_
Your eyes are still developing. Your brain is not fully developed yet, so the cells in your eye that control your vision are not yet fully developed. 

When you get glasses or contacts, your brain is still developing, so your vision is not completely developed.
When you pour beer into a glass, the liquid in the middle of the glass rises to the surface.  When you tilt the glass, it pushes the liquid back down to the bottom.  This causes the liquid to fall to the ground, which causes it to form a thin layer of foam.
It's not that they're against birth control, it's that they are against abortion. Planned Parenthood is a provider of family planning services, not an abortion provider.
It's called the "soap opera effect". 

It's the illusion that a single frame of a soap opera is on TV.  It's not that you can't tell it's on TV, it's that you're not paying attention to what's going on in the background.  You can't see the actors, but you can see what's happening in front of them.  Soap operas are filmed on film, which means that the actors are moving around a lot.  This means that if you look at a picture of a character, you can tell that they're moving.
It's not that they don't want to, it's that they can't afford to live there. 

The Bay Area is a very expensive place to live, especially in the tech industry.  If you want to work in tech, you have to pay a lot of money to live in the Bay Area.  It's not like you can just move to another city and get a job there.
The government is not meant to represent the people's interests.  It is meant to serve the interests of the people.
It's not the water itself that smells, it's the bacteria in the water.

When you drink water, you're breathing in a lot of water vapor. The water vapor is a by-product of respiration in plants and animals. When the water evaporates out of the water, some of it gets absorbed by the water molecules in the air, which is what makes it smell.
I think it's a cultural thing. 

Women are more likely to talk about the best feeling a woman has ever felt, and for other women, the worst they have ever felt? Why is it great for some and terrible for others
Fight Club is a movie about a group of people who are in love with each other, and they are forced to fight each other to prove their love for each other. 

In the movie, they are in a group called the "Team" and they have to fight to prove that they love each other and are willing to do whatever it takes to prove it.

They have a lot of fun doing it, but they also have to do it in a way that makes them feel like they are doing the right thing, and that they are not doing it for the sake of others.
If you're talking about the inner monologue of a deaf person, it's not their own voice. It's the voice of the person who is hearing it. 

If you are talking about your own voice, it is the voice that you hear in your head when you hear it.
They will go to the federal government, which has the authority to regulate them. 

The federal government has the power to regulate gun ownership, but the states have the right to restrict gun ownership.

There are a lot of gun manufacturers in the US, so it's not like they're going to stop making guns.
IGMP snooping is when a switch sends out IP packets that are not in any range allocated or delegated by the network. 

For example, if you have an IP address 192.168.0.254.0, and you want to connect to a server that has a different IP address than the one you have, the switch will send out a packet to the server that doesn't have the IP address you're looking for.

This is called IP multicast, and it's a way for the network to limit the number of IPs that can be sent out at a time.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm going to assume it's because it's the last chapter of the book. 

It's been written by Robert Kirkman, the creator of the Star Trek universe.  He wrote the first book in the series, and the second book was written by his son, Jerry Pournelle.

Kirkman wrote the book as a comic book, and he wrote the screenplay for the movie.  The movie is based on the book, but the book is written as a novel.  It's written in the style of a novel,
Dinosaurs didn't end with the asteroid, they ended with the extinction of all life on the planet. 

The extinction was caused by the Chicxulub Crater, which is a crater in the middle of the Cretaceous Period.  It is believed to have been caused by a meteorite.
It's called [Aniseikonia](_URL_0_). It's caused by a change in the size and shape of the lens in your eyes.

When you wear glasses, the light from the sun hits the back of your eye and bounces off of it. This causes the light to bounce off of your retina, which is the part of your brain that processes depth perception.
When light hits an object, it bounces off of it, and reflects back at the object. 

When the object is wet, the light is bouncing off of the surface, and the light bounces off the object again.

This causes the object to appear darker, because it reflects more of the light.
It's called cavitation.

When you blow air out of the exhaust, you're blowing out a bunch of unburnt gases. The exhaust pipe is filled with air, and when it's full of air, it expands. This expands the air in the exhaust pipe, causing it to expand in the same way that a balloon expands when it expands in a balloon. This causes the air to expand and expand until it reaches the end of the combustion chamber, where it becomes hot enough to ignite. 

As the air expands and expands, it becomes hotter and hotter, and the pressure in the combustion
Coca Cola was a very popular drink in Europe during WW2, and the Allies wanted to sell it to their troops. 

Fanta was sold to the Nazis because it was a symbol of the Nazi regime, and because it had a swastika on the bottle.

The Nazis didn't want to sell Fanta to the Allies because they thought it was anti-Semitic.
A web server is a computer that connects to the internet.  It's basically a computer with a bunch of computers connected to it.  

A server is like a computer in a house.  If you want to run a website, you need to have a computer connected to the Internet.  You need to be able to connect to it, and it needs to be connected to your computer.

Web servers are like computers that are connected to a network.  They can connect to other computers on the internet, and they can connect directly to the web browser.  The web browser is the computer
When you swallow a pill, it's not actually stuck in your throat. It's in your esophagus, which is the part of your throat that has a lot of mucous membranes. When you swallow the pill, you're swallowing it through the mucosa, not through your throat, so it doesn't get stuck.
I think it has something to do with evolution. 

Animals have evolved to be able to see in the dark, so they need to have two eyes in order to see through the dark.
It's the same reason we have the letter C. 

The Latin alphabet was originally based on the Greek alphabet.  It was used to transcribe the so-called sonus medius (a short vowel before labial consonants), but in inscriptions, the new letter was sometimes used for Greek upsilon instead.
It's not that they are for or against gay marriage, it's that they want to be able to tell their customers that they support same-sex marriage. If they don't, they can't.
Microsoft has been in business for a long time. 

Microsoft was the first company to make a lot of money in the computer industry.  They were the first to make the operating system (Windows) and the first computer hardware (x86).  They also had a monopoly in the office software market.

The problem with Microsoft is that they are a monopoly because they have monopolies in many areas of the business world.  This means that they can do whatever they want, and they are able to do it without having to compete with anyone else.  It's like the old days of monopoly.
The satnav knows where a traffic jam is because it has sensors on the road. 

The GPS is constantly updating the information it has about the traffic jam, and it knows where it is.

It also knows where there are other traffic jams, and if there are more jams, it knows to take a detour to avoid them.
It's not just a shipwreck like the many others. It's a story. 

Titanic was the first ship to sink in the modern era.  It was a big deal because it was the only ship that sank in the 20th century, and it was a huge deal.

It was also the first time a movie was made about the sinking of a ship.  The Titanic was a movie, but it was also a book.  So it's not like it's just a regular shipwreck.  There's a lot more to it than that.
You don't need to be born in the US to become a citizen. You need to have lived in the U.S. for less than ten years in order to be eligible for citizenship.
Aspirin inhibits platelet aggregation and formation of blood clots. 

Rye's syndrome is caused by a protein called NF-κB, which is a transcription factor complex that plays a central role in many biological processes, including inflammation.
It's called "passive smoking". 

It's a term used to refer to when you quit smoking without any assistance.  It's used by people who are trying to quit because they feel like it's the easiest way to do it.
Towels that feel rough are rough because they have a lot of surface area, which means they are easier for water to stick to. 

Soft towels are soft because they don't have as much surface area.

When you dry your skin, the water evaporates off of your skin faster than it evaporates into the air, so the roughness of the towel makes it easier for the water to evaporate.
It's not that they collide, it's that they're too small to collide. 

A tree branch is about the same size as the trunk of the tree, but the trunk is much larger than the smaller branch.

If you look at a tree from the ground level, you'll notice that the branches are very close together, but they're not very close to each other.
They use a tape recorder to record the words spoken by the defendant. They then use a special typewriter to type the words on the tape.
I think it has to do with the fact that cannabis is a psychoactive substance. When you use it, your body releases endocannabinoids, which are the same chemicals that make you feel sleepy and hungry. 

When you stop using it, you're not getting the same amount of THC, so your body has to adjust to the lack of THC.
Masks work by blocking the air from getting into your face. 

When you put a mask on your face, the air is blocked from entering your nose and mouth.  This means that the air can't get into your eyes, mouth, nose, and ears.

If you wear a piece of clothing, you can't block out the air, so you have to wear a mask to keep the air out.
It's not really an issue, it's just that when you blow on the cartridges, you're blowing dust into them, which causes them to corrode. 

The reason we blow on them is because it makes it easier to remove the dust from them, and because it's easier to clean them.
It's not a bad idea. 

It's a good idea.

The problem is that it's regressive.  The higher the tax rate, the more people will be able to avoid it, and the more money the government will have to collect.  This is bad for the economy because it means that people will spend more of their income on things like cars, houses, and other things that the government doesn't need.
I think it's because the prize pool is so large.  If you win the WSOP, you get $100,000.  That's a lot of money.  But if you lose the tournament, you only get $10,000, so you're left with $500.  

If you win a tournament, and you don't get $50,000 in prize money, you still get $20,000 and you get to keep that $10k.  So you're still playing for $50k, but you're playing for a lot more than that.
I think it has to do with the fact that when you make a funny face, your brain interprets it as a sign that you are happy or sad. 

When you're a baby, you're learning how to communicate with your environment.  When you see your parents smile, you learn that they are happy, so you want to show them that you're happy as well.
It's not that BLM is a hate group, it's that they are a hate organization. 

Black Lives Matter is a group of people who are protesting the oppression of black people in the United States.  They are not anti-white, they are anti-racist, and they are against police brutality.
You can print a 3d model, but you need to know how to do it. 

The easiest way to do this is to create a model of the object you want to print, and then use the 3d printer to print it.
I'm not sure what you mean by "sweat" but I think you're referring to the amount of water your body produces when you take a hot shower. 

Your body produces a lot of water when it's sweating.  When you step out of the shower, the water evaporates from your skin and evaporates into the air.  The water is then absorbed by your body and evaporated out of your skin.  This is why you smell like shit when you come out of a shower.

When you're in a hot bath, your body is trying to get rid of the water
We don't. 

We can, but we can't predict the weather accurately because we don't know enough about it to do so.

There are a lot of variables in the atmosphere that affect the weather, but the most important ones are temperature, humidity, wind speed, and cloudiness.  We don't really know all of those things, and we can only guess at what will happen based on what we know about the atmosphere.  The more we know, the more accurate we can make our forecasts.  For example, if we know that it's going to rain tomorrow, we can
Carbonated water is a mixture of water and carbon dioxide. When you pour carbonated water into a glass, the carbon dioxide is dissolved in the water, so it doesn't form a foam.
Heisenberg's uncertainty principle is just a theory at the moment. We have observed it, but we don't know what it means. 

We know that we can measure the position and momentum of a particle at the same time.  But we can't know how far away it is, or how fast it is moving, or what it is doing at any given moment in time.

If you want to know how fast a particle is going, you need to know where it is.  If you don't, then you can't tell where it's going, and if you do, you
It's called "being served" in the US. 

It's a term used to refer to any meal that is prepared by someone other than the owner of the restaurant.  For example, if you go to a restaurant and order a hamburger, they will prepare it for you, and you will pay for it yourself.

If you order a meal from a restaurant that is not owned by the restaurant, you will be served by someone else.
The colors of the rainbow are not just the primary and secondary colors, they are the entire spectrum of the visible spectrum. 

The reason we call them "primary" and "secondary" is because they're the ones we can see in the visible light spectrum.

If you look at a rainbow, you'll notice that there are a lot of different shades of blue.  The reason for this is that the primary colors are the ones that are visible to the human eye, and the secondary colors are those that are not visible to humans. 


_URL_0_
It's the hundredth decimal place. 

In the old Roman Empire, money was based on the weight of silver and gold, and the amount of silver was determined by counting how many grains of silver were in the coin.

The hundredths of a cent is the tenth part of a dollar, so it's the tenth of a hundredth part of the dollar.
The Stem Cell controversy is about the use of human embryonic stem cells to make adult stem cells. 

It's not about the moral status of the stem cells, it's about the fact that they are derived from a human embryo.

There are two types of stem cells: adult and embryonic. Embryonic stem cells come from the normal testis, which is the germline of the human body, and are used to make a variety of things. 


The first type of stem cell is called blastula, and it's derived from the blastula of the testis. It's
The US women's soccer team is not the best in the world.  It's not even close to being the best.

The US men's team is a lot better than the women's team.
It's not about the alcohol, it's about the people who live there. 

Nevada County, Arkansas was one of the first "dry" counties in the U.S. After the War of 1812, it was declared a state of no-alcohol prohibition.  It was the first state to pass a law banning the sale of alcohol, and it was the last state to do so.
Bipartisanship is a way for politicians to find common ground. 

In the past, the two parties would work together on issues that were important to them.  For example, the Civil Rights Act of 1964 was a compromise between the Democrats and the Republicans.  The Republicans were willing to compromise on it, but the Democrats were not.

Today, there is a lot of money in politics, and it is very easy to find a politician who is willing to work with the other party on a certain issue.  It is also very easy for a politician to get elected on a platform that
I think it has something to do with the fact that babies are so small.  They are so tiny, they are easy to hold and cuddle.

Dolls, on the other hand, are so big, they can't be held as easily, so they are much harder to hold.
I think it has to do with the fact that when you exercise your heart rate goes up, your body is trying to pump blood from your heart to your skeletal muscles. 

When you do cardio, your heart is pumping blood to your muscles, but your body doesn't have enough energy to pump it to the rest of your body, so your body has to use more energy to keep your heart pumping.

If you take a drug that makes your heart pump more blood, it will make your body think you're doing cardio, but you're not.
HIV does not cause rejection. 

HIV is not the cause of rejection, it is a side effect of the immune system's response to the transplanted organ.  The immune system is not immune to HIV, but it is immune to the virus.  HIV is a virus that can cause rejection in the recipient, but not in the donor.  If the donor is HIV positive, they will not be able to reject the transplant.
Gas is a liquid. 

Petroleum is a solid substance.  It's not a gas, it's a mixture of oil and water.

In the United States, we call it "petrol" because it's the name of the product we use to transport it.  In other parts of the world it's called "liquefied petroleum gas".
I'm not sure what you're talking about. 

There are a lot of subreddits on the internet that promote hate speech, but they're not banned.  They're just not allowed to exist because they're considered hate speech.
It's not that America is more racist to African-Americans than other minorities (asians, Hispanics). It's that the US has a long history of racism. 

In the early days of the United States, there was a lot of discrimination against black people because they were considered inferior to white people, because they had less money, less education, less power, and were less likely to be able to hold down jobs.

This is still true today, but it's not as prevalent as it used to be.
I'm not sure what you mean by "corrupt".

There are a lot of people who are against renewable energy because they believe that it is a waste of money. 

For example, there are people who believe that the government should subsidize wind power because it is cheaper than fossil fuels.

The problem is that there is no incentive for the government to subsidize renewable energy, and the government has no incentive to do so.
It's not true of scotch, it's true of other whiskeys. 

If you put it on the rocks, you're destroying the flavor.
When you turn the ignition key, the car's electrical system sends a signal to the engine that tells it to start. The car's computer interprets that signal as a "hey, the engine is starting" signal, so it shuts off the engine.

When the car is running, the steering wheel is connected to the powertrain. When you turn off the ignition, you're disconnecting the car from that powertrain, so the car can't start.
No, they don't feel vibrations as different sounds if it is loud enough. 

They feel vibrations because they are vibrating in their cochlea, which is the part of your ear that connects to your brain.

Your brain can tell the difference between a normal sound and a loud sound, but it doesn't tell you how loud it is.
It is considered acceptable for US employers to drug test their employees because it is a matter of personal safety and public safety or security rather than productivity.
It's called the [lilac chaser effect](_URL_0_).

Basically, when you stare at something for a long time, your brain gets used to seeing it as a single color. When you look at a rainbow, you're not seeing it in the same way as you would if you were looking at it from a different angle. You're seeing it from the same angle as you are looking at the light coming from the sun, but the light is coming from different angles.

When you stare blankly at it for a while, the light starts to fade away, and
Oscillators are a type of oscillator. 

A simple example would be a ring modulator.  It's a piece of metal that has a small amount of energy in it that can be used to generate a waveform.  This waveform is called a resonant waveform, and it can be controlled by a number of different things.

For example, if you want to make an oscillator that can produce a pulse, you can use a small number of resonant waves.  You can control the frequency of the waveform by changing the size of the ring.  If you
I think it's because calico cats tend to have a darker coloration than other cats. 

_URL_0_
When you cut a grape in half and put it in the microwave for 10 seconds it shoots out balls of plasma. 

The plasma is made up of a bunch of electrons and ions that are attracted to each other.

When you put the grape in microwave, the electrons are attracted by the electrons, and they start to attract each other in a way that causes them to move in a direction that is perpendicular to the axis of rotation of the grape.
They don't. 

They have sensors in the front and rear of the car that detect when the car is in the lane.  They also have sensors on the side of the road that detect the lane markings.  If the car starts to drift out of the lane, the sensors detect that and warn the driver.  The car then uses the steering wheel to steer the car back into its lane.
We can, but it's not economically viable. 

The problem is that we don't have the technology to make it economically viable, and it would require a huge amount of energy to do so.

There are a few ways we could do it, but they would require huge amounts of energy and would require massive amounts of infrastructure to build and maintain the infrastructure needed.
Tasmanian Devils are not part of the Caniforms. They are in the order Mammalia, which is a group of mammals.

They belong to the order Carnivores, which are birds.
It's not that Russia would stop all energy exports to the EU, it's that they have long-term contracts with the EU that dictate how much they will pay for their gas.  

If Russia stopped all exports, the EU would have to find other ways to get their energy from other sources.  They would need to build new pipelines, build new power plants, and build new roads.
The LD50 is a measure of how much of a substance you need to kill 50% of the people in a given population. 

For example, if you give a person 50 milligrams of cocaine, they will die after 10 minutes of being exposed to it.

If you give the same amount of cocaine to 50 people, 50% will die in 10 minutes.
I think it's because it's easier to ask a simple google search than it is to answer a question on /r/askreddit.
A fruit is a part of a plant that is edible. 

A vegetable is any plant part that is not edible.

Herbs are parts of plants that are edible.
You are going to be bad at video games when you become a senior, but you will be able to maintain the abilities you have now. 

There are a lot of factors that go into this, but the most important one is that you have to learn how to play the game.  If you don't learn the game, you won't be good at it.
Flash is a fire hazard. It can cause a lot of damage to the art. 

It can also distract people from the art, which is why it's not allowed.
Nuclear reactors work by using highly enriched uranium. 

The fuel rods contain a lot of U-235, which is a highly unstable isotope of uranium that is highly unstable.  This means that if you put it in a car, it will explode.

We can't make a car with the same amount of enriched uranium as a nuclear reactor.
International Soccer Leagues and how they are simila/different to american style sports leagues, with a few differences varying from country to country.
We can, but we don't have the resources to do so. 

There are a lot of things we can do, but they are expensive and take time and money.

We can build more satellites, but the cost of building them is prohibitively high.
Feminism is a broad term that can be used to describe a variety of movements. 

First-wave feminism was a period of activity during the 19th and early-20th centuries, and was in response to the failures of the second-wave.

Second-wave Feminism was the period between the end of the Second-wave and the beginning of the Third-Wave Feminism. It was a time when women were given more power in the workplace and were able to have more control over their own lives and the decisions that they made. 


Third-Wave feminism is the period
A lot of it has to do with facial features. 

When you look at a picture of a person, you see the face, and you know what it is.  You can tell what it looks like by looking at it.  But when you see a caricature, you don't see that face.  It's just a drawing.

A caricature is a drawing of the person's face, not the face itself.
It's called "referred itch" and it's caused by a chemical reaction in your skin. 

When you get an itch, your skin releases a chemical called histamine, which causes your skin to release chemicals that irritate your skin, causing it to itch. When you scratch the itch, the chemicals are released again, causing the itch to go away.
When you bite into aluminum foil, you're biting into a cavity. The aluminum foil has a cavity, which means that the metal is embedded in your skin. 

When you eat food, your body releases a chemical called histamine, which causes your body to release a chemical that causes pain. This chemical causes the aluminum foil to stick to your skin, which is why it hurts.
Lasers are not mirror coated.

They are laser beams. 

Lasers can be fired at any point in space at any time, and they can travel at any distance.  They are not reflective, so they can't be hit by a mirror coated missile.  The problem is that the missile has to be able to see where the laser beam is coming from, and if it's not, it can't see where it's going.
I'm not sure what you're talking about. 

There are a lot of things going on in Africa, but I'll try to explain them in ELI5 terms.

1. Africa is a landlocked continent.  It's not like the rest of the world.  There is a huge amount of arable land, but it's mostly used for agriculture.  Most of Africa is semi-arid, which means that it gets a lot less rain than other parts of Africa.  This means that there is less water available to grow crops, which is bad for the environment.
Core strength is the strength of the muscles in your core.  It is the area of your body that controls your core that is used to support your weight.  

When you lift weights, you are using your core to support the weight of the weight you are lifting.  Your core is also the region of the body where the muscles that control your core are located.  When you lift a heavy weight, your core is the region where the weight is being applied.  This is why you need to train your core muscles to be strong enough to lift heavy weights.
When you are asleep, your brain is in a state called REM sleep. This is a stage of sleep where your muscles and nerves are inhibited. When you wake up, you are still in REM sleep, but you can't control your muscles. 

When you sleep, your muscles are relaxed, and your brain interprets this as a sign that you are falling asleep. This causes your muscles to jerk, which causes you to wake up.
It's called an infinite loop. It's when the program is in a state where it can't do anything. 

It's usually caused by a bug in the operating system.

When an application is running, it's trying to do a lot of things at once.  For example, it might be trying to load a file, or it may be loading a new file.  It might be doing a bunch of other things at the same time.  If it's doing all of these things at one time, it will freeze up.  When it's done, it won't be able
The Electoral College ensures that the winner of the popular vote is decided by a majority of the states.  

It also ensures that there is no "rigged" election, meaning that if a candidate wins a state, but loses the national popular vote, they can still win the presidency.

In other words, the electoral college prevents a candidate from winning the presidency by simply winning in heavily populated urban areas, and pushes candidates to make a wider geographic appeal than they would if they simply had to win the general election.
Hydrogen is the lightest element in the universe. It is also the least dense, so it is very difficult to collect.
I think it's because they don't want you to think that they're paying a lot of money for a job that doesn't pay that much.

If you're looking for an entry level job, you're probably not going to get a job at $50,000.  If you are looking for a management position, you'll be looking for $100,000 to $200,000 a year.
Banks are not creating imaginary money.  They are creating reserves.

Reserves are the amount of money that the bank has on hand.  When you borrow money from a bank, it's not "real money", it's "credit money".  If you borrow $100,000 from the bank, you're not "creating imaginary money", you're creating credit.  You're creating reserves, which are the money that's sitting in the bank's bank account.  The bank doesn't create imaginary money, it creates credit.
If a country at war commits a war crime, what are the repercussions? More war?

There are two options:

1. The UN Security Council, under powers granted in articles 24 and 25, and Chapter VII of the Charter, may authorize collective action to maintain or enforce international peace and security.

2. The United Nations Security Council can impose sanctions on any country that violates the Geneva Conventions.
It's not the router, it's the network. 

When the wifi is slow it's because your router is trying to connect to other devices on the network, but it's not connecting to all of them at the same time.  It's trying to get from one device to the other.

If you restart your router, the wifi will start up again, and it will be able to connect all of the devices on your network at once.
Valence bands occur when the electrons in an atom are in a state where they have a negative charge. 

Conduction bands occur because the electrons have a positive charge.

If you have a metal atom, and a metal ion, they are both positively charged, but the metal ion has a lower charge than the metal atom. This means that the metal has more electrons in it than the atom, so the metal ions have a higher negative charge, and the metal atoms have more conduction electrons than the atoms in the metal, so they are in the valence band.
Some people roll in their sleep a lot and others not at all. I'm not sure what you mean by "not at all".
I think it has to do with the fact that older video games require fewer ports to be forwarded than newer video games.

A lot of older games are written in C++, which is a language that is not native to the console. 

Modern games, on the other hand, are written using C#, which can be written in English. 


C# is a programming language that has been written for a long time, so it is very easy to write a C++ version of a game that is native to one console and native to another.  It is also written in a language
If you bought stock early in a company, you are entitled to a portion of the value of the company's stock when it is issued. 

If you buy stock early, you're not entitled to any of that.  You're entitled to the entire amount of the stock that the company is going to issue.  If they issue a lot of stock, you'll be entitled to only a fraction of the total number of shares that they will issue.
The innocence of children, animals, mentally disabled people, et al., incite such strong emotions in us. 

When we are young, we don't have the ability to understand what is going on around us. We don't know what is happening around us, we can't understand why we are being treated the way we are.

We don't understand what we are doing to them, we are not capable of understanding what they are going through, we do not understand why they are being abused, and we are unable to understand how we can help them.
We don't develop a tolerance to sex/masturbation because we don't want to. We don't like it. We like it because it makes us feel good.
Yes, it would pull you sideways, but it would be because of the centrifugal force of the earth's gravity.

If you build a perfectly flat platform which would be is so massive that it would extend into space, would Earth's gravity pull me sideways?
They are using a telescope to measure the ground. 

The telescope is mounted on a tripod, and the telescope can freely rotate 360° in a horizontal plane.  The telescope has a cross-hairs on it, which allows them to see the ground in a straight line.  They use the telescope to see if the ground is above or below the line of sight.
When you take a shower, your body is trying to get rid of the heat from the outside air.  Your body needs to cool down.  When the water hits 100°F/37°C, it's too hot for your body to do so.  It's like being in a sauna.
Our cosmic insignificance is due to the fact that we are a tiny fraction of the total mass of the universe. 

If you look at the universe, you will notice that the universe is expanding.  It is expanding so fast that it seems like it is expanding out of control.  This is because we can't see it from our perspective.  We can only see it because we are looking at it from a distance.  If we were looking at the entire universe, we wouldn't be able to see anything at all.

We can see the universe because it is so small.
I think it has to do with the way your brain works. 

When you are learning something new, your brain has to learn how to do it.  It's not a conscious thing, it's a subconscious thing.

If you don't know how to close a door, you can't remember how to turn off the lights, or screw the cap back on a bottle of water, or whatever else you need to do.
I think it's because the ice is being churned at a very high rate. 

When the ice machine churns the ice, it's constantly pushing the ice against the inner wall of the canister.  This causes the ice to expand and contract, which is why it smells like it does.

I don't know the science behind it, but I think it has something to do with the fact that it's churning the ice at such a high rate that the air is constantly being pushed against it.
The power lines interrupt the signals of AM radio stations because they interfere with the signals coming from the antenna. 

The antenna is designed to pick up the signal from the transmitter and send it to the receiver.

When the power line is in the way, the signal is bouncing off of the antenna and bouncing back to the transmitter.  This is called crosstalk.  If the power lines are close enough to the antenna, they can interfere with it.
A signature is proof that the person who signed it has read and approved the contents of the document, and that they are willing to take the chance of being bound by the terms therein. 

It's also proof that they have read the contract and agreed to the terms.
It's because the US is the most powerful country in the world, and the Philippines is the largest and most stable country in Asia. 

The US is also the largest military power in the region, and they are the most stable nation in the Asia.
I think it has to do with the fact that horror films tend to be made by people who don't know how to make good movies. 

There's a lot of money to be had in making a good horror movie, but it's not as easy as making a great sci-fi or fantasy movie.
I think it's because they're trying to make it easier for people to watch videos at 60fps.  

It used to be that you could only play videos at 30fps, but they started allowing for higher frame rates in 2014.
Fruits and vegetables are more expensive because they are grown on a larger scale, and because they have to be harvested and processed more often. 

Also, they are often grown by people who don't know how to care for them properly, so they are more likely to be contaminated with bacteria and viruses.
Wax is the result of a chemical reaction between water and oxygen. 

When the wax is hot, it expands.  When it cools down, it becomes denser, and so becomes less dense.  This means that it can't expand as fast as it does when it's hot, so it has to be cooled down.  
 
When it's cold, it's denser than it was when it was hot.  So when it gets to a certain temperature, it starts to expand.  The more it expands, the more dense it becomes, and the faster it cool
I'm not sure what you mean by "promoting their own products/brand". 

Google has been doing this for a long time.  It's not illegal in the US, but in the EU it's illegal.  They're not allowed to do it because they're a monopoly, but they can do it if they want to.
Your body has a circadian rhythm.  It's a cycle that determines when you need to sleep and when you don't.  If you go to sleep earlier, your body will be more likely to wake up at a certain time, and your brain will be less likely to be able to function properly.

If you sleep later, it will be harder for your brain to get used to the time change, so it will take longer for your body to adjust to it.
I'm not sure what you mean by reverse mortages. 

A reverse mortage is when a person is killed by a bullet that goes through the skin of their body and causes a wound that causes them to bleed to death.
Dogs like to play with things that they can chew on. They like to chew on things that are soft and easy to chew, and they like to throw things that can be easily chewed on. 

Dogs also like to have things they can play with that are easy for them to grab and play with, so they de-stuff their toys to make them easier to grab.
It's called a "pairing". 

When you plug a plug into a socket, there are two contacts.  The first one is called the barrel, and the other is the tip.

The barrel is a hollow metallic cylinder that has a spring-loaded contact at the side of the male connector and a pin in the center corresponding to the intended female plug.
When you open the windows, you're pushing air out of the car. 

When you're driving with the windows down, the air is pushed out of your car by the wind.

If you open them up, the wind is pushing the air back into the car, which causes the air inside the car to be pushed out as well.
The gills have a siphon.  When you take a breath, the gills push water out of the way, and the water is pulled back in through the siphon, which is then expelled through the inhalant.  The gills also have a pneumatic duct, which allows the water to flow through them.

When you exhale, the water comes out of your lungs, and is pushed back in by the muscles in your gills.
The prefrontal cortex is the part of the brain that controls the motor cortex, which controls voluntary movements of specific body parts. 

The parietal lobe is the area that controls vision, hearing, and language.
I think it has to do with the fact that the taste buds get used to a certain amount of sugar, salt, fat, and calories. When you eat a lot of sugar and fat, your taste buds become used to it, and your body starts to adjust to it.
Your intestines are filled with mucous membranes. When you poop, the mucous membrane is stretched, which causes the innards to hurt.
Yes. 

We can.

The problem is that we don't know how to make things cheaper.  We don't have the tools to do it.  There are a lot of things we can do, but we can't do them all at the same time.  For example, if you want to build a house, you need to know how much it is going to cost to build it, and how many people are going to be willing to pay for it and how long it will take for it to be built.  You need to be able to estimate how much people are willing to
You can. 

Imagine that you have a camera and you want to take a picture of something far away.  If you take a photo of it from a certain distance, and you zoom in on it, you can see that the image is a lot closer than it is from the camera.

You can do this by measuring the distance between the camera and the object you're trying to capture.  You can do it by measuring how far away the object is, and how fast it is moving.  Then you can calculate how fast that object is moving based on how fast the camera is moving,
OPEC is a group of oil producing countries. 

They are trying to stabilize oil prices by cutting production.

The problem is that the price of oil is going up, and they don't want to see it go up.  They want to keep the price high enough that they can sell their oil at a profit, but not so high that they have to cut production.
Basketballs are made of plastic, and the air in them is trapped in the inside of the ball. 

The air inside the basketball is trapped by a thin layer of plastic called the air pocket.  This allows the air to move around in the ball, but it doesn't allow it to move out of the way.

This allows the ball to bounce off the rim and bounce back into the basket, which is what makes it easier to shoot.  The air pocket also allows the basketball to bounce back and forth, which makes it harder for a player to get a shot off of it.
The amount of cancers in the world has always existed. 

Cancer is caused by a variety of things.

We don't know exactly what causes it, but we do know that it's caused by mutations in the DNA of the cells that cause the cancer.
It's not monotone. 

It's just a way of saying "his voice is monotonous"

_URL_0_
KFC has a lot of fats and oils in it, and your hair is made up of hair follicles. 

Your hair is not made of oil, it's made of proteins called DHT (dihydrotrichloroethane). When you eat KFC, your body breaks down the DHT in your hair, and this causes your hair to become oily.
The first few seconds after the detonation of a nuclear bomb are called the "fizzle" or "fissile core". 

The fissile material in the core is made up of a bunch of atoms that have fissioned themselves.  When the fissioning happens, the atoms are released into the air, and the air is filled with neutrons.  These neutrons cause the atoms to fissure, and when they do, they start a chain reaction.

When the chain reaction is complete, all the neutrons that were released are absorbed by the core.
The casinos have been losing money for a long time. 

In the early 2000s, Atlantic City started to lose money.  The casinos were losing a lot of money because they were too big to compete with the casinos in neighboring states.  They were also losing money because the casinos were too expensive to operate.

The casinos were not profitable enough to pay off their debts, so they had to shut down.  This caused the state of New Jersey to impose a tax on the casinos, which caused them to lose even more money than they were already losing.  In the end, the casinos had
Enron was a company that made a lot of money by selling energy futures contracts to other companies. 

These contracts were based on the assumption that the company would be able to sell energy at a higher price than they actually were.

The problem was that they didn't have a good idea of how much money they were making, so they were able to make a lot more money than they were actually earning. 


This is called "mark-to-model" or "mark to model".

Mark to model is when you use a formula to estimate the value of a product or service
It's not rocket science, it's rocket science. 

SpaceX has been developing rocket technology for a while, but it's been a while since they've been able to build a rocket.

They've been working on it for a few years now, and they've done a lot of work with other rocket companies, but they're not really competing with each other in terms of the amount of money they have to spend on it.
Trading Places was an online marketplace for people to buy and sell shares of stocks. 

The idea was that if you bought a share of stock, you could sell it at a lower price than the price of the stock, but if you sold the stock at a higher price, you would be able to buy it back at the lower price.

In the end, the stock market crashed, and the company that owned the stock was forced to shut down.
Gift cards are a way for businesses to get you to pay for their goods and services with your credit card. It's a way to encourage you to go to their store and spend money. 

It's also an easy way to get your money back if you don't use it.
Nuclear reactors work by fissioning uranium-235.

Uranium-235 is a highly unstable isotope of uranium. 

When it fissions, it produces heat.  This heat is used to heat up the water in the reactor vessel.  When the water boils, it turns into steam.  The steam turns the water into electricity, which is then used to drive a turbine, which spins a generator.
Vitamins are water soluble and fat soluble. 

Water soluble vitamins are absorbed through the digestive tract with the help of lipids (fats).

Fat soluble vitamins need to be absorbed by your body through your digestive tract.

When you eat, your body breaks down fats in your intestines to get the vitamins.
Yes, it is possible, but it would take a very long time.

There are a lot of ethnic groups in the US that have been around for thousands of years, but they are not native to the US. 

In the US, Native Americans are not considered to be part of any ethnic group.  They are considered part of the "American Indian" race, which is a separate race from the "white" race.  There are many Native Americans who are not part of either race, but are part of both races.
Calories are a measure of the amount of energy that your body uses to move. 

When you climb stairs, your muscles are using a lot of energy to move up and down the stairs.  Your body uses the energy to burn calories to keep you from falling down.
I think it's because it's a cultural thing. 

When you give directions, you're trying to convey a message to the person you're giving it to.  You don't want them to think you're talking about something they don't understand.  It's a way to convey that you understand what you're telling them.
It's not the data itself that's the problem, it's the fact that the data is being used by your phone to connect to the internet.  

When you use data on your phone, you're using the phone to access the internet, and the internet is using your phone's data.  The internet uses the data to send and receive information from your phone.  This information is then sent to the network, which then sends it back to the phone, which in turn sends it to the server, which is then processed and sent back to you.

This process takes a lot of time
The New York Times doesn't lose money every year. 

It's a business.  It's a media company.  They make a lot of money.

They're not just losing money, they're losing money because they're being sued by people who want to sue them for libel and slander.  The lawsuits have been going on for years, and they're not going to go away any time soon.
They don't make money from advertising.  

They get paid for the content they show.  They pay for the production costs of the shows, and they pay the actors and crew for the time they spend on the shows.

It's not the only source of income for them, but it's the primary source of their income.
The progression of medical shock from initiation to death.

When you are in a coma, your body is in a state of shock. 

Your brain is not functioning properly, and your muscles and nerves are not working properly. Your body is not responding to stimuli, and you are not being able to communicate with the outside world. You are not able to move, speak, or do any of the things you normally do. 


When your brain is in shock, it is unable to respond to stimuli. It is not aware of what is going on around it, or what is happening to it
I think it has to do with the fact that the vacuum is always on, even if it's not on.  It's like a vacuum cleaner.  When it's on, the air is constantly being sucked out of the room.  If it's off, you can't get any air out of it.
I think it has to do with the fact that black is the color of dust. Black is the colour of dirt.
Solar power is not efficient.

Solar panels are made of photovoltaic cells, which use light to generate electricity.  They are not efficient because they use a lot of energy to produce the same amount of energy per square meter of surface area.  This means that they are not as efficient as wind turbines or other forms of solar power.  

Wind turbines use light from the sun to generate heat.  The amount of heat produced by a turbine depends on the angle of incidence of the sun.  If the sun is at an angle of 50 degrees, then the sun will generate a lot
Eating too much is bad for you.  Your body needs energy to keep you alive.  When you eat too much, your body stops producing enough energy to stay alive.

If you eat enough, you will get dehydrated, which can lead to anemia.  Anemia is a condition where your body can no longer produce enough energy.  This is why you need to eat a lot of food to keep yourself alive.
Fried rice is a way to get rid of leftovers from the day's meal. It's also a quick way to make sure you don't run out of rice.
Different types of alcohol have different effects on different parts of the brain. 

Alcohol is a depressant, so it affects the neurotransmitters in your brain.

When you drink a lot of alcohol, your brain starts to release chemicals that make you feel drunk.  These chemicals are called endorphins.  When you drink too much alcohol, these chemicals start to build up in your system and cause you to feel drunk, which causes you to do things you wouldn't normally do when you're sober.  For example, if you're drunk, you're more likely to get into fights,
Homeschooling is not a job.  It's a way for a parent to get their kids out of school.  

If you're unqualified in education, you can't homeschool your children.  You're not qualified to be a teacher.
It's called the [Fusiform Gyrus](_URL_0_). It's a part of the temporal lobe of the brain that is responsible for processing faces. 

When you see a human face, your brain interprets it as a pattern of facial muscles.  When you see an inanimate object, it interprets that pattern as a face.
I think it has something to do with the shape of the wheel. 

In F1, the front wheel is usually wider than the rear.  This means that it has a higher surface area to grip the ground, which means that the steering wheel has to work harder to keep the car in the same direction as the ground.

The rear wheel has a lower surface area, meaning that the car has to use more power to control the car.
It's not that there's nothing being discovered today, it's just that we don't have the tools to do it.

Calculus, for example, was discovered in the 17th century, but we didn't know how to use it. We didn't have a way to measure it, so we had to rely on observations. 

The law of universal gravitation was discovered by Isaac Newton, but he didn't publish it until the 16th century. It's a very hard law to prove, and it's very hard to prove in a scientific context.
They didn't. 

Sibiria is in the middle of nowhere.  It's not a place where you can go to live.  You have to travel a long way to get there.
I don't know about you, but I think it has something to do with the fact that I'm not very good at merging. 

I'm not sure if it's because I'm slow, or because I don't have a good sense of direction, or if I'm just not good at it.

If you're in a slow lane, and you're trying to merge into the fast lane, you have to slow down.  If you're going fast enough, you'll be able to pass the car in front of you.  But if you're driving at a slow speed, you
Flexing your muscles makes them stretch, but it doesn't make them more strained and more sore. It just makes them feel better for a moment.
They don't. Spiders don't know where their webs are located. They don't have a memory of where they've been, they just know that they're in the right place at the right time.
Yes, it is possible to get permanently "cured" from ADHD or autism. 

It depends on the type of treatment.

ADHD is caused by a genetic defect in the brain.  If you are diagnosed early in the disease, it can be treated early enough to prevent the disease from progressing.  This is known as "reversible" cure.  It means that the disease is reversible, meaning that it can't be reversed.  For example, if you're diagnosed with autism, it's reversible because it's caused by an imbalance in the way the brain works.
We don't know. 

We know what causes it to behave like a wave, but we don't really know why it does.

It's not that we know why, it's just that we have a theory of how it behaves, and we know that it's a wave. 

 >  Do we know how it does it?

Yes, we do.  It's called Schrödinger's equation, and it's the basis of quantum mechanics.  The problem is that it doesn't explain everything, but it does explain a lot of things.  For example,
Caskets don't come out of the ground during a flash flood because they are buried in the ground, they come out because the ground is saturated by the water.

They come out from the ground because the water is so deep that the casket is stuck to the ground.
Multi-CPU desktop PCs are more prevalent because they are cheaper. 

Laptops and desktops are more expensive than desktops because they have a lot more space and are smaller.

Multi-core desktop CPUs are also more expensive because they require a lot of power to run, and because they need to be able to handle a large amount of data. 


Laptop CPUs are more powerful because they don't need as much power to do the same amount of work as desktop CPUs, but they also don't have as much space to store data.
Because it's a very high profile case.  It's not like it's an everyday case, it's the first time it's been brought to the public's attention.  

It's not uncommon for high profile cases to take a long time to get to trial.  The judge has to decide whether or not there is enough evidence to go to trial, and if there isn't, the jury has to make a decision.

Also, there are a lot of things that can go wrong in a court of law.  For example, if there's a dispute between two parties in a case
It's a way for people to claim a public restroom.  

They don't want to use it as a place to hang out, they want to claim it as their own.
It was designed by the Tudors to help Henry VIII secure an annulment of his marriage to Catherine of Aragon in 1534. 

The reason we still follow the Church of England is because it was created by Henry VIII to help him get his marriage annulled.
If they are found guilty of war crimes, they will be tried in civilian courts, and if they are convicted they will serve time in prison.

If they were found guilty in military courts, they would be put on death row for life.
The ocean has a lot of water in it. 

A meteorite hitting the ocean would have a much larger impact area than a land impact, so it would be much more likely to leave a crater.
It's a marketing tool.  It's a way to get people to buy your product.  If you don't put it on the back of your shirt, they won't buy it.
When 4G was the best available, it was pretty fast.

LTE is the next generation of cellular technology. 

4G uses a different type of radio called GSM, which is a radio frequency band that is used by cell phone companies to transmit data.  It uses different frequencies to transmit information.  This means that when you switch from 3G to 4G, your phone has to use a different radio frequency, which means that it can't transmit as much data as it used to.  When you switch back to 3G, you're using the same radio frequency as before,
When you touch your skin, your nerves send a signal to your brain telling it that it's hot, and your brain interprets that as a pain.

When you pull your hand out of hot water, your brain sends a second signal telling your brain that your skin is cold, and that's why it hurts a second later.
Baccarat is a card game where you are dealt a deck of cards, and you have to decide which cards you want to play with. 

The rules vary from country to country, but the basic idea is that if you have a deck with 10 cards in it, you are allowed to take any number of tricks, and if you don't, you lose.

If you are playing baccarat in the US, the rules are the same as in other countries, but in the UK they are slightly different. 


1. If you have 10 cards on the deck, you can
I think it has to do with the fact that religion is more popular in poor and underdeveloped countries because there is less access to education. 

In the United States, there are a lot of people who don't have much education, so they are more likely to be religious.
They use sensors to detect the movement of the muscles in your hand, and then they use the signals from the sensors in your brain to control the prosthesis.
Your brain doesn't adjust to a shaky video like it adjusts when our heads are tilted/rotated/shaken. It doesn't need to. 

Your eyes are used to focusing on a single point for a short period of time before moving to the next point.  Your brain is used to doing this when you are looking at a picture.  When your eyes are moving, your brain is trying to focus on that single point.
I'm not sure what you mean by "sensitising and desensitizing" books, but I think it's a bit of a misnomer. 

Libraries don't "seensitise" books.  They "desensitize" them.

They "de-stress" them, which means that they make them easier to read, easier to use, easier for people to understand, and easier for librarians to keep track of.  It's not a good thing.
It's not that Tokyo doesn't have an hourly weather forecast, it's that it's a very large city with a large number of weather stations, and they don't have the resources to keep track of all the weather at once. 

If you want to know what the weather is going to be like tomorrow, you need to go to the local weather station and ask them.
Greece is a member of the Eurozone. 

The Eurozone is a group of countries that share the same currency, the euro.  The Eurozone was created in the late 1990s, and was originally intended to be a single currency.  It was created as a way for countries to exchange their currency for goods and services.  When Greece joined, they agreed to accept a set amount of money in exchange for the right to use the Euro.  This money was given to them by the European Central Bank (ECB), the European Union, and the International Monetary Fund (IMF).
I think it has something to do with the way the hair follicle is structured. 

Your eyebrow hairs are in the middle of the middle phalanx, which is the part of your head that contains the stem cells that make up your hair follicles.  When the hair is growing, it's called the anagen phase. This is the phase where the hair grows approximately 1.5 inches per month.  
 
When the hair stops growing, the epidermal cells lining the follicle channel continue to grow as normal and may accumulate around the base of the hair, temporarily anchoring it in place and preserving it from falling out.  This is called the telogen phase.
When you delete a file, it marks the space occupied by the file as reusable (removes the pointer to the file) without immediately removing any of its contents.

When you empty the recycle bin, it removes the space that the file was in, but not the file itself.
We have a lot of foods that have French in front of it. 

For example, I'm not sure if it's because of the French influence, but I think it's due to the fact that the French were the first people to come to America, and the Americans were very interested in French food.

In the early 1900s, there was a French invasion of the United States, and many of the people who came to the US were French, so they were able to learn a lot about American food and culture.
It's a cultural thing. 

In Russia, women are expected to submit to their husbands, and if they don't, they're not allowed to go to the police.

The law was passed in order to protect the traditional family values of the Russian Orthodox Church, which is a religious organization that is very strong in Russia.
Air resistance is a measure of how much energy the plane has to overcome to keep it aloft. 

If the distance traveled is shorter than the distance to the ground, the amount of air resistance will be less.

However, if the distance is longer, the air density will be higher, and so the air pressure will be lower.  This means that the plane will be able to fly faster, but it will take longer to reach the ground.
Because it's unconstitutional. 

Women are not required to register for the Selective Service System.  It's unconstitutional because it's discriminatory.
It's not innate, it's learned. 

When you're a baby, you can hear the rhythm of your mother's heartbeat and the sound of her heartbeat.  You can also hear the sounds of her womb.  When you're older, you're able to hear the beat of your own heartbeat, and you can tell the difference between the beat and the rhythm in the music.  It's a very early form of language.

It's also possible that music is a way for us to communicate with each other.  We have a very long period of time in which we are able to
They don't re-filmmen them. 

They just re-scan the film and convert it to HD/1080p.
Scientology is a religious organization founded by a man named L. Ron Hubbard.  He was a Scientologist, and he was the founder of the Church of Scientology.

Scientology was founded by Hubbard because he wanted to create an organization that would be able to do things that other religions could not do.  Scientology was founded as a way to do this.  It was a way for him to get people to believe in him, and to get them to follow his teachings.  

He was a very charismatic man, and was able to get a lot of famous people to join him.
Cats have a tapetum lucidum in the back of the eye that reflects light back through the retina, increasing the amount of light available for it to capture, but reducing the sharpness of the focus of the image.
The operating system is written as a series of binary files.  

When you install an operating system, it's written in binary format.  The binary files are stored on the hard drive, and when you boot up the OS, the operating system loads them into memory.  This is done in a process called "installing".  The OS is then loaded into memory, and the OS is loaded into the RAM.

This process is called "installation".  It's done by the OS itself, but it's also done by a program called the "installer".  This program is
They have the same amino acid sequences, but they are not the same species
The Affordable Care Act (aka Obamacare) requires everyone to have health insurance or lose it. 

You can get insurance through the individual market, or you can get it through the employer exchange.

The exchange is run by the federal government, but it's run by a bunch of states.  The federal government is responsible for setting up the exchange, and the states are responsible for running the program.  If you don't have insurance through your employer, you have to go to the state exchange.  You pay a tax penalty for not having insurance, and you get a tax credit to help you pay
It doesn't. 

The sound is the sound of the bullet hitting the barrel, not the bullet itself.  It's a shockwave produced by the expanding gas behind the bullet.  When the bullet hits the barrel it causes the gas behind it to expand, which causes the bullet to move forward.  This causes the gun to fire.  If the gun doesn't fire, the bullet will stop moving.
The federal government is not a single entity.  It is a collection of different departments and agencies.  Each department has its own laws and regulations, and each department is responsible for the provision and management of specific skill- and knowledge-based service such as Strategy advice, Capability Development assessment, or Defense Science provision of research, and design and development of technologies.
China was a very small country, with a population of less than 1.5 million people.  

Japan was a large country with a lot of resources, and a large military.  They were able to build up their military quickly and easily.
You googled their name. 

Google knows your name, so they know where you are, and they can find you.
Amendment means "to add to the document". 

The Constitution was written by the people, not by the government.  It was written in the form of a document that was ratified by all the states.  The Constitution was not written by a single person, but by a group of people.  Each state ratified the Constitution, and each state added its own amendments to the Constitution.  These amendments were written in such a way that the federal government could not take away the rights of the states, and the states could not give up their rights.

So, the Federal government can't take away your right to free speech, free assembly, free association, free speech
Ireland was a net exporter of food during the Famine. 

The famine was caused by a potato blight that wiped out the potato crop, which was the staple food of the Irish people.  The government banned the export of food from the country, and the people revolted.
It's not case sensitive, it's case-insensitive. 

If you're talking about a file system, it can be case sensitive or not.

For example, if you have a file named "myfile" and you have two files in the same directory, you can't have the file name "myname.txt" and the file "my_file_0_".

But if you want to name a file "Myfile_1_", you have to use the same file name for both files.
When you scratch, your skin is trying to get rid of the bacteria that are causing the itch. 

When the wound heals, the bacteria are no longer able to cause the itch, so they stop causing it.
Your body has a bunch of different types of receptors that detect heat and cold. 

Your skin has two types of thermoreceptors, one that detects heat and the other that detects cold.

When you touch your skin, it sends a signal to your brain that tells it that it's hot or cold, and your brain interprets that as heat or cold.
AOL Instant Messenger was the first instant messenger. 

AIM was a web-based instant messaging service.  It was popular in the late 90s and early 2000s, but it was not as popular as it used to be.  AIM had a lot of problems with the way it was designed and the way that it worked.

It was also very slow and had a poor user experience.  
   

 
The problem was that it was too slow to keep up with the times, and it was very difficult to get people to use it for more than a
I think it has to do with the shape of the eye socket. Most animals have two eyes in the same place, but some have a third eye that is closer to the back of the skull.
Drones are used by the US military to track down and kill terrorists and other targets. They are also used by law enforcement to gather intelligence.

There is a lot of controversy over the use of drones because they can be used to spy on innocent civilians. 

For example, the CIA has been using drones in Pakistan for a long time to track and kill people in the tribal areas of Pakistan. They have been doing this for many years, but there have been a few incidents where they have accidentally killed civilians.
They work with the speech therapist to change the way a person talks.  They work with them to improve the way they speak.  

For example, if someone has apraxia of speech, they may have a speech defect that causes them to speak in a way that is difficult for other people to understand.  This means that they can't make the sounds they want to make, so they have to use a different way of speaking.  Speech therapy can help them learn how to make sounds that are easier for others to understand, and they can also teach them how to use their tongue.
I think it's a combination of things.

1. Flappy Bird is designed to be frustrating. 

2. It's a game where you have to figure out how to make the game work. 


3. There are a lot of hidden levels that you need to solve in order to win.



4. There is a lot to do in the game, and it's designed to make you feel like you're doing something right.
5. The game is designed so that if you get stuck in a level, you can find a way to get out of it.
The sound of a punch in a TV show or movie is a combination of two things:

1. The sound of the punch hitting the ground, and the sound of it hitting the air.

2. The impact of the impact on the air around the punch.
There was a time when Japan and Hawaii were the only two places in the world that were able to eat enough fish to sustain their entire population. 

In the Middle Ages, Japan was the only place on earth that was able to sustain a large population of people, so they were the first place to eat a large amount of fish.
I think it's because they don't want to say "goodbye" to the person on the other end of the line.
The easiest way to break TLS/SSL is to intercept the traffic and decrypt it.

TL;DR:

If you break TLS or SSL, you can decrypt all the traffic coming in and going out of the network. 

You can do this by intercepting the traffic, decrypting it, and sending it back to the server.
When you fill a balloon with helium, you're filling it with air that is lighter than the air it's made out of.

Helium is heavier than other gases, but it's not as buoyant as hydrogen, so it doesn't last as long in the air as other gases.
The monitor is used for things like:

1. Display

2. Graphics

3. Storage

4. RAM

5. Disk I/O

6. CPU

7. GPU

8. Graphics
When you run, your body's sympathetic nervous system sends signals to the muscles in your stomach and lower abdomen telling them to contract. This causes the muscles to contract, which causes the pain.
Enablers do what they do because they make it easier for the user to use the system. 

For example, if you have a computer that has a lot of buttons, it's easier for you to use it when you're not using it.

If you don't want to have to use a computer, you can use an enabler to help you use it.
Paintings are made up of a lot of different materials. 

Oil, acrylic, watercolor, lacquer, and other paints are all made of different types of materials.

When a painting is damaged, it's usually because the paint is peeling off of the canvas, or it's been damaged by water or other external factors.  The artist's intent was to keep the painting as original as possible, so they don't want to do anything to it to make it look like it was done by someone else.
There are a number of steps. First is a mandatory overseas screening for all refugees and immigrants, then a recommended domestic screening for refugees, and finally a required medical component to the Adjustment of Resettlement process. 

There is also a process to determine if a refugee is eligible for refugee status, which is done by the United Nations Refugee Agency (UNHCR).

The UN Refugee Agency is a UN agency that is responsible for the resettlement of refugees in the United States, and is funded by the US government.

UNHCR is the agency that oversees the resettlement process, and they are responsible for vetting
The status quo of the global economy is that the world economy is based on free trade.  

This means that if you want to make money, you need to be able to sell your goods and services to other countries.  This means that you have to be willing to pay a lot of money for them to do so.  If you don't want to do that, then you need a way to make sure that they don't do it for you.

The World Trade Organization (WTO) is an organization that tries to make this happen.  It was created after World War II to
Liver problems are caused by excess bilirubin. 

Bile pigment is a substance that is produced in the liver by the liver.  When the liver gets too much of it, it builds up in the conjunctiva (the membranes that cover the whites of the eyes) and causes jaundice.
If you're talking about the ignition system, it would be a problem with the spark plug. The spark plug needs to be replaced. 

If it's not a spark plug, it could be a belt or chain that is corroded, which could cause the engine to stop working properly.
Radio waves travel at the speed of light. 

Sound is electromagnetic radiation.

Radio waves are a type of electromagnetic radiation with wavelengths in the electromagnetic spectrum longer than infrared light.
Your brain has a lot of different types of memory. 

Short term memory is stored in the hippocampus, which is the part of the brain responsible for remembering things. Long term memory (the part of your brain involved in remembering things) is in the entorhinal cortex.

Long term memory, on the other hand, is in your long term memory. It's the part that stores information in your brain that is not stored in your hippocampus.
The benefits of marriage in the US are many. 

1. It's a social norm.  If you're not married, you can't get benefits that other people get.  For example, if you're a single parent, you don't have to pay taxes.  You don't need to pay child support.  The government doesn't want you to have to.

2. It gives you more control over your life.  Marriage is a legal contract between two people.  It's not a contract between a man and a woman, it's a contract with the government.
Asteroids are rare.  They don't come close enough to the Earth to cause any real damage.  

Comets are rare because they don't have enough mass to hit the Earth.  If they did, they would be too small to cause much damage.

An asteroid that hits the Earth is a lot smaller than a comet, so it would be hard for it to do any damage.
I think it's because they are trying to limit the number of people who can access the subreddit. 

There are a lot of subreddits that have a large number of sub-reddits, and they have a huge amount of traffic, so they want to limit how many people can access them at any given time.
It's not because of the media, it's because women are more invested in their appearance than men are. 

Women are more likely to be sexually attracted to men because they have more control over their bodies.
The Fair Repair Bill in NY and why it is necessary to keep phone repair legal. 

It's not a law, it's a regulation.

In the past, phone repair was illegal in New York because it was illegal for the phone company to sell the phone to a repair shop, and the repair shop had to get a license from the company to repair the phone.  The phone company was able to get away with it because they didn't want to have to pay a license fee to repair a phone, and because they wanted to be able to sell their phone to repair shops.
They don't. 

The Pirate Bay was shut down a few years ago, but it was not shut down by the government.  They were shut down because they didn't have the money to pay for the servers.  The Pirate Bay's servers are located in the Netherlands, which is a country with a lot of laws against torrenting.  It's not illegal there, so they don't have to pay taxes.
The difference between the sum of a whole number's places and the number itself is always a direct multiple of 9. 

If you take 10 and divide it by 8, you get 9.

But if you take 8 and divide by 9, you end up with 9.
Before the Renaissance, there was no way to draw in terms of three-dimensional perspective. You could draw in two dimensions, but you could not draw in three dimensions.

The Renaissance was a time when artists were able to study and experiment with perspective, and they were also able to learn how to draw from the perspective of the objects they were trying to represent. 

There are a lot of examples of this in Renaissance art, but the most famous examples are the works of Leonardo da Vinci, Michelangelo, and Michelangelo Buonarroti. 


_URL_0_
Your eyeballs are made up of a bunch of different pigments. 

Your eyes are made of a lot of different types of pigments, but the most common type is called macromolecular pigment. This is the one that absorbs the light and reflects it back to your brain.

When you get sun exposure, your eyes absorb more light than any other part of your body, and this causes them to become darker.
The universe is expanding at the speed of light. 

If you look at it from the perspective of earth, the universe is 14 billion years old.  If you look from space, it is 14.8 billion years.  
   

 
But if you look in the direction of the sun, you will see that it is moving at the rate of light, which is the same as the distance between earth and the sun.
Credit card companies don't repossess your house or car.

If you don't keep up your mortgage payments or car payments the bank will try to sell it to you.
Adolescents have a lot more time to explore and figure out what they want to do with their lives.  They are more likely to make decisions about their future based on what they think is best for them.  

Adults, on the other hand, don't have as much time to do that.  It's not that they don't want to, it's just that they're not ready to make those decisions yet.
I think it has to do with the fact that they don't have to worry about being caught by the police or being extradited back to their country of origin. 

If they were caught in the first place, they would be sent back to the country where they committed the crime, and if they were in the second place they wouldn't be able to be extradited.
It means that the enemy has to go through the town to get to the other side of the river. 

If the enemy is able to get past the town, they can't get through the river to the enemy's rear, so the town is an important strategic location.
Most fraternities and sororities are run by the same people who run the government, so they tend to be more conservative than the government. 

I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it has something to do with the fact that frats tend to give money to conservative causes, and the government tends to give them money.
I think it has something to do with the origin of the word "beef".

In the Middle Ages, the word 'beef' was used to refer to the meat of cattle, and 'pig' to the flesh of pigs. 

The word 'pork' is derived from the Latin word 'Percutus', which means 'to eat'.

Pork is the same as beef, but it comes from the same animal.

Chicken is a chicken, and it's a chicken.
The patent wars between Apple and Samsung have been going on for a long time. 

In the early 2000s, Apple decided that they wanted to make a phone that would be able to do things that other phone manufacturers could not do.  They decided that the best way to do this was to use a patent that allowed them to make an operating system that was similar to the one that Android phones use.  
 
Apple then sued Samsung for patent infringement, claiming that they were using the same technology in their phones, but that Samsung was using it in their own phones.

The patent was
When you delete a file, your computer has to write the data back to the hard drive, which is a lot faster than copying it. 

When you copy a file to your computer, it has to read the data from the disk and write it back to your hard drive.

If you delete the file, the computer doesn't have to write any more data to the disk, so it doesn't need to read any more.
Oddsmakers use different ratios to make it easier to follow.

6/5, 12/1, and 5/2 are easier to understand because they represent the number of times the bettor must part with their stake to make a bet. 

7/4, 7/4 and 9/4 are easy to understand, because the bettors have to part with the same amount of money to make the bet, but the odds of winning are different.
Being transgender means that you have a mismatch between your gender identity and your sex at birth. 

For example, if you were born a man, you would be a man.  If you were a woman, you'd be a woman.
I'm not sure what you mean by "A list actors" but I think it's a bit of a misnomer. 

A lot of times, it's because the actors are paid a lot of money to appear in a movie, and the movie is a flop.

For example, in the case of Star Wars: The Force Awakens, the actors were paid $100 million for the role, but the movie didn't do well at the box office, so the studio had to cut them out of the movie.
It's a reflex. 

When you are startled, your brain sends a signal to your muscles telling them to do something, and your muscles do it.

Your knee-jerk reflex is the result of this signal.
If the US cut all foreign aid, it would mean that the US government would have to cut back on military spending, which means that they would have less money to spend on things like education, health care, and infrastructure. 

If they cut all aid, they would also have to reduce the amount of money that they give to non-governmental organizations (NGOs), which means they would need to cut their budgets.
I think it's because the key to the kitchen is different than the one to the other student's rooms. 

I don't know for sure, but I think it has something to do with the size of the key.
The intestines don't curve. They're not curved at all, they're curved in the middle. 

If you're talking about the shape of your anus, it's more like this:

_URL_0_
GMOs have been around for hundreds of years. 

Farmers have been modifying crops for centuries.

The problem with GMOs is that there is no scientific consensus on the safety of GMOs.  There is a lot of debate about the safety and efficacy of GMOs, but the consensus is that they are safe.
Colorado's altitude is higher than Utah's, but Utah's is lower than Colorado's.
The House of Representatives is one of the two houses of Congress, the other being the Senate. The House is responsible for making and passing federal laws. The Senate is the branch of government that makes laws.
They use a star chart. 

If you look at the sky at night, you can see a lot of stars.  If you look up at the night sky at sunrise, you will notice that there are a lot more stars than there are stars at sunset.  You can use this to determine the direction of the sun, and the distance between the sun and the earth.

You can also use the star chart to calculate the distance from the sun to the earth, and then use that information to determine where you are.
Your brain has a system called the "reward system", which is the part of the brain that produces and distributes dopamine and also the neural network associated with pleasure, arousal, focus, and motivation.

When you are attracted to someone, your reward system tells your brain that you're attracted to them because they're attractive, and your brain rewards you for it. 

If you have a friend who is attractive, your brain will reward you for being attracted to him/her because he/she is attractive. If you have someone who is not attractive, you will reward them for not being attractive.
It's not about consent, it's about abuse of the authority such an adult has over a minor, comparable to that of a teacher, coach or priest.
It's because your brain is not used to being in a horizontal position. When you're upright, your brain has to work harder to maintain its buoyancy, and when you're lying on your back, your blood vessels are less able to do so. This causes pressure to build up in certain areas of your brain, which causes a headache.
The word "alas" is derived from Old English *brenna* which means "to burn, light", and two originally distinct Old English verbs: bærnan "to kindle" (transitive) and beornan "to be on fire" (intransitive), both from a Proto-Germanic root bren(wanan), perhaps from the Proto-Indo-European root bhre-n-u, from base root bhereu- "to boil forth, well up."
It's not a hard vacuum, it's a vacuum with a lot of air in it. 

If the space is hard enough, it can pull out all of the air around the earth, but it's not hard enough to pull all the air out of the atmosphere.
It's called the palmar grasp reflex.

When you open your fist, you're trying to grasp something with your palm. When you close your palm, you are trying to hold the object in your palm with your thumb and index finger.
I think it has to do with the fact that we have different altitudes and altitudes. 

When you're flying at high altitudes, you can't see the ground very well, so you have to use your sense of direction to figure out where you are.

If you are flying at a lower altitude, you need to be able to see your surroundings better, and if you are at a higher altitude you can see the earth more clearly.
Your old Gameboy colour was switched on after 15 years of slumber, and the time/clock is still correct, how?
It is a ticketable offense to ride in a car without seatbelts on yet a motorcyclist that faces the same risks with less protection doesn't have to worry with such restraints?
Afghanistan was a part of the British Empire until the end of the 18th century. It was part of British India, and the British decided that they wanted to keep it as part of their empire. 

During the First Anglo-Afghan War (1839-1842), the British invaded Afghanistan to prevent it from falling under the control of the Russians. They were able to take control of most of the country, but not all of it.

After the war, the British wanted to retain control of Afghanistan, but the Soviets wanted to take it back.  They invaded the country in
The Fed is buying $85B in bonds monthly. 

When they stop buying bonds, they will have to sell a lot of those bonds, which will lead to higher interest rates for the banks.
You are not 100% anonymous. 

Your connection to the server is not completely untraceable.

The server knows your IP address, but it doesn't know where you are, so it can't tell you where you're from.  You can use a proxy server to connect to a server that knows your location, but not your IP.  The server also knows where your computer is, and it can tell you if you're in the US or not.  It can also tell if you are in a country that doesn't allow VPNs.
Asylum is a legal term that is used to describe a person's claim to be a refugee.  It is not a legal status, but a legal claim that they have a legitimate fear of persecution or persecution in their home country.

The US is a country that does not recognize the validity of the claim, so it is illegal for someone to seek asylum there.  The US is not the only country that has this problem, but it is the one that has the most problems with it.  There are many other countries that do not recognize this claim, but the US is the only one that does.
Libertarianism is a political philosophy that believes in limited government. 

For example, in the United States, the federal government exists to protect the rights of the people, but it does not have the power to enforce those rights.

In the United Kingdom, the government does not exist to protect people's rights, but rather to enforce the laws of the state. 


In other words, there is no such thing as "free speech" in the UK as there is in the US.  The UK is a free speech country, but the UK is not a free market.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it has something to do with your circadian rhythm. 

When you're sleeping 7-8 hours a night, your body is trying to adjust to the fact that you're not getting enough sleep.  Your body is telling your brain that you need to wake up at 9am, but your brain is telling you that you don't need to get up until 9am.  This is why you're waking up at 5am when you've been up till 5am drinking.
He was the leader of the Khmer Rouge (Khmer Rouge) in Cambodia.  He was a member of the Communist Party of Kampong Phnom Penh.  

He was born in the 1950s, and was the son of a peasant farmer.  His father was a farmer, and his mother was a teacher.  They were poor, and were forced to work in the fields, and he was forced by the government to work as a slave labourer.  In order to support his family, he took advantage of the fact that his father was poor and had to work hard to support
I think it's just a matter of perception. 

When you first hear a song, it's hard for you to get into it.  It's like when you first see a movie.  You don't know what it's about.  But after a few times, you start to like it.

It's the same with music.  The first time you hear it, you don't like it, but after hearing it a few more times, it becomes more and more appealing to you.  After a while, you get used to it and start to enjoy it.
Batteries are made of electrolyte, which is a chemical reaction between hydrogen and oxygen. 

When the electrolyte is full, it starts to break down, and the water in the battery starts to evaporate.  This is why it takes a long time for the battery to reach 100% of its capacity.
Your hair is made of keratin. The keratin is the outer layer of the hair that protects it from water. When you get out of a pool or hot tub, the water evaporates off of your hair, leaving behind a thin layer of water that sticks to the keratin and makes it feel like a damp straw. 

_URL_0_
The purpose of a roof scoop is to reduce the amount of air that gets blown over the top of the car. 

When the top is down, the wind blows the air over the car, causing it to be pushed up into the air intake, which causes it to blow over the windshield and into the cabin.

If the car has a high-pressure area on the hood, it creates a high pressure zone where the air can't get blown over, and so it can't be pushed over.
We don't know. 

There are a lot of things we can do, but the most important thing is that we need to know when Yellowstone is going to explode.  We need to be able to measure the amount of magma in the magma chamber and the rate at which it is moving.  If we can measure the rate of movement, we can predict when it's going to start erupting.  It's not that we can't predict it, it's just that we don't have enough data to know how much magma is in the chamber and how fast it's moving.
Tinnitus is caused by a hole in your eardrum called a cauliflower. It's a small hole in the middle of your ear that causes the sound to be amplified. 

When you get an ear infection, it's caused by bacteria growing in your ear. The bacteria can grow into the middle ear, and when it does this, it can cause damage to the tympanic membrane, which is the membrane that surrounds your ear and controls the sound waves.
MMA is a mixed martial arts (MMA) sport.  It is regulated in the United States and regulated in other countries.

Boxing is a sport that is regulated by the National Boxing Association (NBA).  The NBA is the governing body for boxing.  The boxing NBA has a fatality rate of 1.3 deaths per 100,000 participants.  MMA is not regulated.  There are no fatality rates in MMA.
I'm not sure what legal advantages they would have had they reached Mexico or Canada. 

If they were US citizens, they would be able to apply for a green card, which would allow them to live and work in the US.
Your body needs water to keep you alive. 

If you drink too much water, you will get dehydrated.

You can drink a lot of water, but it will dehydrate you.
Communism is a system of ownership of the means of production.  

In a communist society, the state is not the owner of everything.  The state is the one that owns the means to produce and distribute goods and services.  This means that the state will not be able to profit from the production of goods or services, but rather will be the one who owns the ownership of them.  If you want to know how communism works, read Marx's Capital.

Capitalism is the system of production in which a few people own everything, and everyone else has to work for it.
I think it has to do with the fact that when you cry, your body releases hormones that make you feel better. When you are sad, you release endorphins, which are hormones that cause your body to release a bunch of chemicals that make your body feel better, and when you are happy, these hormones make your brain feel good, which makes you feel good.
It's different from dark matter. 

Dark matter is the stuff we see in the universe.  It's the stuff that we can't see because it doesn't interact with any of the other particles we can see.

We can see dark matter because we can detect it through the gravitational pull of other particles.  We can also detect it because it's not visible to us, but we can tell that it's there because of the way it interacts with other particles, and we can measure its gravitational pull by looking at the gravitational lensing we see on galaxies. 


Dark energy is the
I think it has to do with the Second Amendment. 

The Second Amendment protects the right to keep and bear arms.  It's not about gun control, it's about the right of law-abiding citizens to have guns for self-defense.
California is a very arid state. 

There is a lot of land in the middle of the state that is not irrigated.  It is very dry.  There are lots of rivers and lakes that are used for irrigation, but they are not large enough to hold all of the water that is used for agriculture.

California also has a very high population density, so it is very hard to get enough water to irrigate all the crops that are grown.  This means that the amount of water being used is not evenly distributed across the state.
I don't know if this is ELI5, but I'm going to try to explain it as best I can.

Paranoid schizophrenia is a form of schizophrenia that is caused by a malfunctioning part of the brain called the amygdala. The amygdala is the part of your brain that controls your perception of reality. When you are paranoid, your amygdala is telling you that someone is trying to kill you, or is plotting against you. 

When you are not paranoid, the amygdala is not telling you anything. It's telling you you are being watched by someone who is not watching you.
I think it has to do with the fact that there are so few venomous creatures in the UK and Northern Europe. 

In the US, there are a lot of venomous snakes, but they are very few and far between.
Sudan is a country in the middle east. 

It's a country that's been ruled by the same man who's been in power for over 40 years, Omar al-Fashir.  He's the leader of the Sudanese government, and he's also the president of the country.  In the past, he's been accused of being a dictator, but he's not.

In recent years, there's been a civil war between the government and the people of South Sudan, which is the country that is now part of the world.  The people of the South are
Lethal injection is more humane than firing squad. 

A single shot to the head causes a lot of damage to the brain, which causes the person to lose consciousness and not be able to fight back.

In a firing squad, the bullet goes through the person's skull and causes them to bleed to death. This causes the brain to stop working and the person will be unable to fight or fight back, causing them to pass out. Lethal injection uses a paralytic drug that causes muscle paralysis and respiratory arrest, potassium chloride to stop the heart, and sodium thiopental to induce unconsciousness.
The rotation of planet Earth does not affect how long your flight will be, depending on the direction you're flying.

If you're going in the opposite direction of the rotation of the earth, the distance between the earth and the sun will be the same. 

However, if you're traveling in the same direction as the earth's rotation, you will be traveling at the same speed as the Earth's rotation.
When you feel horny, your blood rushes to your penis. It's called vasocongestion, and it's caused by the release of oxytocin, which is a hormone that makes you want to mate.
Your eyes are sending signals to your brain that tell your brain what you're seeing, and your brain interprets that as your own vision. 

Your brain is interpreting your vision as the result of your head moving, and not your eyes.

When you wear a go pro, you're using your brain to interpret your vision, but your eyes are interpreting your head movement as your vision.
Bulletproof vests work by dissipating the energy in another way; the vest's material, usually Aramid (Kevlar) absorbs some of the kinetic energy of the bullet as it passes through the body. 

When a bullet hits a soft tissue, it deforms it.  This deformation causes the bullet to stop moving, and the energy is dissipated in the deformation of the material.
I think it has to do with the fact that you're not looking out the window.  Your eyes are telling your brain that the car is moving, but your brain is telling your body that it's not.
The subprime crisis was caused by the fact that the housing market in the United States was in a bubble. 

The housing market is a very complex thing.  It's not really a single thing, it's a combination of a lot of things.

1. A lot of people were borrowing money to buy houses.  They were given mortgages at low interest rates.  The interest rates were lower than they were in the past, so they were able to borrow money at lower interest rates than they would have been able to if they had gotten a higher interest rate.  This meant that they were
It's a combination of vocal timbre and rhythm. 

You can do it with practice, but it's not something you can do with practice.  You have to be able to do it in a way that makes it sound natural.  It's not like you have to learn how to play the drums, it's just that you need to know how to hit the right notes at the right time.
Mental fatigue is caused by the fact that your brain is constantly sending signals to your muscles telling them to do things, and your body is trying to keep up with them. 

When you're doing physical exercise, you're using a lot of your body's energy to maintain your muscles, so you're burning a lot more calories than when you're not.

Your brain, on the other hand, doesn't need as much energy to do the same things, so it's not burning as many calories.
Pornography is not illegal in the US. 

Prostitution is illegal in almost all of the US but it's not to do porn.
When you hear a song for the first time, you don't like it, but when you hear it more often you suddenly like it. 

It's like how you like a song when you first hear it because it's new to you, but once you've heard it a few times, you start to like it more.
It's a way to reduce the amount of friction between the wheels and the ground. 

When you're driving a car, you have two things going on:

1. You have friction between your tires and the road.

2. When you have friction, you can apply more force to the tires, which causes them to be able to grip the ground more tightly.
Time is a man-made construct. 

Time is not a natural thing.  It is a construct of our minds.  We are not the only ones who have created time.  The universe is made up of other things, and we are the only people who have made time.
They don't.

It's called a 100-year flood, and it happens every 10 years or so. 

The reason it's called that is because it's based on the fact that it's the largest flood in 1000 years.  If you're talking about a 10 year flood, it's because it happened 10 years ago.  It's not because it was the worst flood ever.
You would be able to survive a bit longer by eating yourself when you would starve. 

Your body needs a lot of energy to survive.  Your body uses glucose as its primary energy source.  When you eat, your body turns glucose into fat, which is used as energy.  The fat is stored in your liver, and when you stop eating, your liver turns it into glycogen, which your body uses to fuel your body.

When you don't eat, the glycogen stores start to run out, and your body goes into a state of hypoglycemia.  This is
When you open the fridge door, you're opening the door to let the air in. When you close the door, the air is forced out of the fridge, which causes it to stop working.
I think it's because the internet is a place for people to share their opinions and opinions without having to go through the hassle of having to prove them to someone else. 

If you want to prove that something is true, you have to show that it's true.

For example, if you have a theory about the existence of the universe, you can show that the universe exists, but you can't prove that it exists. You have to prove it is true.
Sunflower oil contains a lot of hydrogenated vegetable oils, which are bad for you.

Olive oil contains monounsaturated fatty acids which are good for your body. Sunflower oil is full of free fatty acids, which is bad for the body.
A resistor reduces the resistance of he whole circuit. 

When you connect two wires in parallel, the resistors are connected in a way that causes them to cancel each other out.  This means that the current flowing through the two wires is less than if they were connected in opposite directions.

If you put a resistor in a parallel circuit, the current will flow through both wires at the same rate, but the resistance will be the same.  If you do this with a single wire, the resistance is the same, but if you do it with two wires, you will have a circuit that is
I think it's because small logs have more surface area for the fire to spread out, so it's easier to spread the fire out. 

Large logs have a lot of surface area, so they need to be spread out a lot more to get the fire going.
Fingerprints are the result of friction between your skin and the surface of the object you are touching. When you touch something, your skin stretches and deforms, and this deforms your fingerprints.

Your skin is made up of two layers, the dermis and the epidermis. The dermis is the outer layer of the skin, and the epithelial layer is the inner layer. When your skin is stretched and deformed, it forms ridges. These ridges are called papillae, and they are what you see when you touch things.
They need to collide. 

The reason they need to be collided is because they are the same type of particle, but they have different properties.

A hadron is a particle that has an odd number of valence quarks, and a even number of antiproton quarks.  This means that it has a different number of neutrons and a different amount of antiprotons, and so it needs to be hit by a proton.
The U.S. dollar is the most valuable currency in the world.  It is the world's reserve currency.  If the dollar were to collapse, the value of the dollar would drop to zero.

If the dollar is worth zero, then the dollar will be worth zero.  That is, it will no longer have any value.
There are more poisonous animals in Australia than there are in the rest of the world.  

The reason is that Australia has a lot of rain, which means that there is more water for the animals to live in.  This means that they have more food to eat.  Also, they have a lot more rain, so they can eat more of the poisonous animals.
It's not a scratch-off, it's a type of scratch. 

Scratch-offs are made up of a bunch of tiny little dots that are printed on a piece of paper.  They're printed on the surface of the paper, and then the paper is pressed down on top of the dots.

When you print scratch-offs, you're using a special type of ink that is printed in a very small amount of ink.  The ink is so small that it can't be seen by the human eye, but it's printed in such a small amount that you can see it
It's just a cultural thing. 

In the Middle Ages, the word girl was used to refer to a young unmarried woman who was unmarried, unmarried, and never married.

It's still used as a colloquial term for unmarried women today, but it's not as derogatory as it used to be.
The Mona Lisa was created by Leonardo da Vinci. It is considered one of the best portraits of a woman of the Renaissance era. 

Leonardo Da Vinci was commissioned by Florentine nobleman Francesco del Giocondo to paint a portrait of his wife, Mona.  The portrait was done in the style of Renaissance portraiture known as the "Boterismo".  It was the first portrait of a nude woman, and it is considered to be the best example of the style.  It is also considered to represent the ideal of beauty.
Honey bees are not the most efficient pollinators. 

Honeybees don't produce as much honey as other pollinators, but they do produce a lot of honey, which is a very valuable commodity.
I think it has to do with the taste. 

Coca Cola is sweetened with sugar.  It has a lot of sugar in it, but it's also high in citric acid, which makes it taste acidic.  The taste of Coca Cola comes from the fact that it's made with sugar, not sugar syrup.
It's not that we're slow, it's that we don't have enough time to learn how to walk properly. 

Our brains aren't fully developed yet, so we're still learning how to balance and balance is a huge part of our development.
They are not aliens, they are aliens. 

They are aliens because they are not human.  They are not us because we are not alien.
Ginger is a naturally occurring plant in the wild. 

It's not a weed, it's a plant that grows in the ground.  It's a weed that grows on the ground, and it's not poisonous.  When you eat it, you're eating it.  You're also eating it because it tastes good.

When you eat too much of it, it starts to grow on your head, and you get a beard.  The reason you have a beard is because it's the result of eating too much ginger.
1 Gigabyte of text would be 1,000,000 pages of text.  

1.1 Billion words would be about 12.5 billion words.

That's a lot of words.
The bar code is not a bar code, it's a barcode that is printed on the back of the card. The bar code can only be read by the card reader, so if you don't have a card, the reader can't read it.
Yes, they can. 

It's called "perceiving" and it's basically the same thing as "seeing" and "hearing".

When you're blind, you can't see, but you can hear.  You can hear, but your brain doesn't have the ability to process the sounds that come from your ears.

If you're deaf, your brain can't hear, so you have to rely on your other senses to tell you what's going on around you.
It's a joke. It's just a way to get people to use the word "wingdings" instead of "weddings".

It's also a way for people to refer to each other.

_URL_0_
I think it's because people are used to seeing the bad news on TV and in the news. They're used to it.
The general public has a problem with NSA's PRISM program, but seemingly not with Google, Apple, Facebook, etc. 

Google, Apple and Facebook have been doing this for a long time.

The problem with PRISM is that it's a government program, not a private company.
Graminoids are among the most versatile life forms. They can live in a wide range of climates, and can be adapted to a wide variety of uses. 

They can be used for grazing, as a food source for livestock, as an ornamental plant, and as a shelter from the elements, and they can even be used as a building material.

The reason they are so versatile is because they can be grown in a variety of climates.  They can grow in hot, dry climates, in cold, wet climates, or even in the middle of deserts. 


They are
It's because the cookie dough has a lot of moisture in it, and when it's packaged in cubes, it doesn't have enough moisture to hold it together. 

When you bake cookies, you're using a cookie cutter to shape the dough into a round shape, which means that the moisture in the dough is not evenly distributed throughout the cookie, so it's easier for the cookie to stick to the pan.
The wage gap is still an issue. It's not as much an issue because of the Lily Ledbetter act as it is because women are still being paid less than men for the same work.
It's not illegal to host a torrent site, it's illegal to store it on your own servers without permission from the copyright holder.
Harmonic notes are the same as fretted notes. 

When you play a fretted note, the string vibrates at the same frequency as the open string.  When you pick up a fret, you are changing the frequency of the string, which causes the string to vibrate at a different frequency.  The higher the frequency, the higher the pitch.  This is called a "harmonic" note.

Harmonics can be played in different ways.  For example, if you pick a string at a higher frequency, you can make it vibrate in a different way.
I think it has to do with taste buds. 

When you're young, your taste buds are still developing.  Your brain is still learning how to process things.  It's not a matter of "I like this taste" or "I don't like that taste", it's a question of "Do I like it because it's sweet or because it tastes sour?"

As you get older, your brain is able to process more and more things, and it's easier for your brain to learn what you like and what you don't.  So, if you're a kid, you
It's not a magnet, it's a device that can be attached to the nozzle of a beer engine.

It's called a sparkler.
I think it has to do with the pronunciation of vowels. 

In Romance languages, vowels are pronounced differently than consonants.

For example, in English, "love" is pronounced as "love".

"Rose" and "move" are pronounced "rose" in Romance languages.
It's called inertial locking.  It's a spring-loaded reels.  When you pull it all the way out it will engage auto locking until you put the seatbelt back in.
They're called [chroma dots](_URL_0_).

When you record a video, you're using a camera that records the color of the light coming from the screen, and then converts it to black and white.

The white dots you see are the result of this process. 

If you look at a black-and-white video on a monitor, you'll notice that it has a lot of white dots on the screen. These are called chroma dots, and they're what you see when you record video.
They didn't.  They were outgunned and outclassed by the Empire.  

The Empire had a huge fleet of ships, and the Ewoks had a small fleet of droids.  The droids were able to outmaneuver and outgun the Empire's ships, but the Empire had more droids than they had ships, so they couldn't outgun them.

In the end, the Empire didn't have enough droids to defeat them.
The moon is a natural satellite of our planet. 

It's called the moon because it's a moon, not because it has an actual name.  It's called that because we call it the moon.

We don't have a proper name for it.  We call it "the moon" because that's what it's called.
Parachutes don't work all the way down. 

There are two main reasons:

1. The atmosphere is too thin for the parachutes to be able to fully deploy.

2. There is too much air in the atmosphere for the chute to be fully deployed.
The chemistry between an actor and a character is based on the actor's ability to communicate with the character they are playing. 

For example, if you are playing a character who is a bit of a jerk, and the character is a little bit of an asshole, the actor is going to be able to communicate that to the character.

If you're playing a nice guy, and your character is being mean to you, and you are acting like a jerk to him, then the character will be less likely to be nice to you and more likely to try to get you to be mean to him.
When you yawn, your muscles contract and stretch the muscles in your neck and jaw, which causes your vocal chords to vibrate. This causes the music to change pitch.
Cardinal measurements are used to measure the distance between two points. 

Ordinal measures are used for measuring distances between things.

For example, if you measure the circumference of a piece of paper, you can say that it's 1/10th of an inch long, and you can measure it as 1/100th of a centimeter long. 


If you measure distances between two things, you could say that the circumference is 1/1000th the length of the paper, but you can't measure distance between the two things.
ASMR is a sensory response to certain sounds. It's similar to the feeling you get when you touch your fingers along your skin. 

It's caused by the stimulation of certain sensory modalities.

For example, when you hear a lullaby, your ears are stimulated by the sound of your fingers touching your skin, and your brain interprets it as a touch.  When you watch a video of a baby crying, you can feel the same thing.
Password cracking works by using a computer to try every possible combination of characters in a password, and comparing the result of each guess to the actual password hashes. 

If you have a lot of passwords, the computer will try to find the most common combinations of characters, and if it finds a match, it will try it again and again until it finds the one that matches.

But if you only have a few passwords, then the computer won't be able to find a match.
Sandbags are made out of sand.  They're made of sand that's packed down so that it doesn't float away.  The water can't get through them because it's too heavy.
Because it would be too big to be seen from anywhere in the world.

It would also be too hard to take down. 

Giant animals are built to fight.  They have muscles and bones that can't handle the weight of a creature that big.
WINE is not an emulator, it's an emulator.

An emulator is a software program that runs on top of the operating system. 

WINE emulates the OS, not the hardware.
The butt crack acts as a lubricant. 

When you're in a fight or flight situation, your body releases a hormone called vasopressin.  This is a hormone that causes your body to lubricate the area around your anus.  It's a natural reaction to keep your anus lubricated.  When you're not lubricated, it can cause your anus to become inflamed, which can lead to infection.  The same hormone causes the butt crack to crack, which is why it's called a butt crack.

It's also a defense mechanism to keep you from falling down.
I think it's because of the fact that clowns hide their faces, which makes them appear to be in disguise.
Redheads tend to have darker hair than blondes, which is why they are considered more attractive.
I think it's because they're not used to it. 

Humans cough because of allergies, allergies, dust or choking.

Cats cough because they can't breathe through their mouths, and because they don't have the ability to take in air through their noses.
The DNA of the mammoth is not 100% Mammoth DNA.  It's a mixture of DNA from different parts of the animal.  The scientists are trying to recreate the DNA from the carcass of a mammoth, but it's not possible to do so.

They're trying to use the DNA of an Asian elephant to create a mammoth-Elephants hybrid.  They're using the mammoth DNA from a frozen embryo of the Asian elephant, but they're not able to make it 100% mammoth DNA.
There is no such thing as a maximum sized airplane limit.

Aircraft are designed to carry a certain amount of weight. 

For example, the Boeing 787 Dreamliner has a maximum gross weight of 1,500,000 pounds.  The FAA says that the maximum takeoff weight is 6.5 million pounds, and the maximum landing weight is 5 million pounds.
The net worth of a celebrity is not publicly known. 

Forbes has a list of the top 100 most powerful people in the world, and they list their net worths in a list called the "Forbes Celebrity 100".

The list is compiled by a company called Forbes, and the list is published in the magazine.

If you want to see the list, you have to go to the website of the company that publishes the list.
It's a cultural thing. 

In the future, we are not a single race.  We are a multi-racial society.

We are multi-ethnic, multi-lingual, multiracial, multigenerational, multi multi-cultural, multiethnic, multidimensional, multilayered, multilingual, multiculturally multi-dimensional.  There is no such thing as "one race" in the future as there is in the past.  It's not that we are all one race, it's that we all share a common history, culture, language
3G was considered incredibly fast a couple years ago because it was the baseline standard for mobile communications. 4G was the standard because it used to be the standard standard for wireless communication.

4G is the standard now because it's the standard for data transmission. 

When you switch from 4G to 3G, your phone is using a different type of radio, which uses a different kind of antenna.  
    Your phone is now using a new type of antenna, which is called a "LTE antenna".  This means that your phone has to be able to send and
Some movies are shot on 35mm film, which is a medium that has a higher resolution than digital film. 

When you shoot a movie on 35 mm film, you're shooting at a wide angle, which means that the light is coming from a lot of different angles.  This means that there's a lot more light coming in and out of the camera, so it's easier for the camera to focus on the subject.

In order to get that effect, the camera has to use a wide-angle lens, which allows the light to come in at a wider angle than it would if it
It depends on the depth of the water. 

In the middle of the ocean, there is a lot of water, and the water is moving very fast.  The water is so fast that it doesn't really matter if the boat is moving at the same speed as the rest of the sea.  If you're in a boat, you're going to get hit by the water, but you're not going to be hit as hard as if you were on land.

If you're on land, the water will be moving at a much slower rate, and you'll be hit by smaller waves
Flash games are written in Flash, which is a programming language that is written for the browser.

Flash is written in a language called "JavaScript", which is similar to C# or C++. 

JavaScript is a language that allows you to write code that runs on your computer's hardware, but it's written in C#, which isn't the same language as C++, so it takes a lot longer to run.
The baby boomers were brought up in a time when there was a lot of wealth and opportunity, and they were able to take advantage of it. 

The generations that came after them had to work harder to get ahead, and the generations that followed them were forced to do the same.

It's not that they didn't screw over the generations to follow, it's just that they weren't able to control the bad things that happened to them.
I think it's because it's cheaper for the banks to process the debit card than the check.  

Debit cards are processed by the Federal Reserve ACHS system, which is used by banks to transfer money from your checking account to your debit card account.  The Federal Reserve doesn't charge banks for processing debit cards, but they do charge them for processing checks.
It's not that they don't win, it's just that they're not that good at it. 

For example, when I was a kid, I used to watch a lot of commercials where they would have a contest where you had to try to win a prize.  They would give you a prize if you won, but if you didn't, they would give it to someone else who did.  It's not like you could just walk into a store and buy it, you'd have to go through a line of people trying to get the prize.

It's also not like they
I think it has to do with the way the instruments are made. 

Arabic music is based on the Arabic scale, which is the same as the Western scale.

Chinese music, on the other hand, is based more on the Chinese scale.
Chernobyl was a nuclear power plant. Hiroshima and Nagasaki were atomic bombs. 

The difference between nuclear power plants and atomic bombs is that nuclear reactors are designed to produce fission products that are stable and can be safely stored.

A nuclear bomb is designed to explode and release a huge amount of radioactive material, which can be spread out over a long period of time.
The skin on the outside and around your big toe is called keratin.  It is the outer layer of your foot's skin.  When you wear high heels, you are applying a lot of pressure to your feet.  This causes the keratin to contract, which is why you get calluses.

_URL_0_
Let's say you have a pair of keys (e,N) and you want to send a message to Bob. 

Let's assume that Bob knows the prime number e.

Now, let's say that Bob has a secret key (e) and he wants to send you a message (N).

Say that Bob encrypts the message with a prime number (e = 1) and then he decrypts it with a different prime (e=2)

If Bob's secret key is a prime, then he can decrypt the message using the same prime as the message.
It's to prevent key jamming.

When you press any key in a game, the game is trying to figure out which key is used to do what.  If you press all the keys at the same time, it will make it harder for the game to determine which key to use.  It's also a way to prevent you from accidentally pressing all the same key at once.
The shortest day of the year falls at the beginning of winter and not the middle? (Same with longest day/summer)
The most sustainable diet for humans to take is a plant-based diet. 

We eat a lot of grains, fruits, vegetables, nuts, legumes, beans, etc.

It's not a sustainable diet, but it's the most balanced diet that we can eat.
Vegetables are a food we have to acquire a taste for. 

We eat them because they have a lot of vitamins, minerals, fiber, potassium, calcium, vitamin C, and other nutrients.  They also have a high amount of calories, which is why they are so important to our diet.
You can have OSX on a PC, but you can't have Windows on a Mac
Hausdorff distance is a measure of how far two points are from each other.

Pompeiu–Hausdorf distance is the measure of the distance between two points in Euclidean space, and is the sum of the distances of the two points from the origin.
Tor is a network of computers that are connected to each other.  

A VPN is a way for you to connect to a server in another country.  A proxy is a proxy that connects you to the server in the other country.

Tor is used to connect you to a remote server that is not connected to the internet.  It's not a VPN, it's just a way to get between you and the server you're trying to access.
It's called a "reasonable belief" or "good faith" in this case. 

It's not a crime to report an overdose, it's a civil infraction.
Because it was a church shooting, not a mass shooting.

It was a school shooting, and it happened in the middle of the school day.
When to use I vs. When to use me vs. when to use you.
The English word "fuck" comes from Old English, which is a Germanic root word meaning "to fuck".

"Fucking" is derived from the Germanic word "führer", which means "to give birth" or "to beget". 

It's also related to "fucking" in the sense that it's used to refer to sexual intercourse.
It's not about the actual team, it's about the people who are involved in it. 

There are a lot of people who care about the team because they are a part of it, and because they have a vested interest in the success of the team.
I think it has to do with the fact that German, Russian, and Japanese are all Romance languages. 

German is a Romance language, which means that it is related to the Romance languages of Europe, which are related to Latin, Greek, and Slavic languages.

Farsi, Mandarin and Hindi are not Romance languages, so they are not related to Romance languages at all.
Humans evolved to be able to survive in the cold, dry savannas of Africa, where there was less competition for food.  

Humans also evolved to have a larger body volume than other land mammals, which meant that they could move more easily.  This is why we are mostly hairless.
Carbon is heavier than oxygen, but it's also heavier than hydrogen.

Oxygen is a liquid, so it can't float in air. Carbon is a solid.
Watermelons have a lower density than dumbbells, so they feel lighter.
Yemen is a country with a large Shia majority and a large Sunni minority. The Houthi rebels, who are from the Shia minority, have taken over the capital city of Sanaa and are trying to impose their own government on the country.

Saudi Arabia and the UAE have been fighting a proxy war against the Houthis for a while now, and they have been doing so with the help of Iran. 

Yemen has been in a civil war for a long time, and the current war is a continuation of the civil war that broke out in the early 1990s when the Hadi government was overthrown
There are a lot of things going on at an altitude above the clouds. 

The jet stream is constantly moving through the atmosphere.  When it passes over you, it causes you to be able to see it.

When it passes above you, the jet stream slows down, causing you to go up and down.  This slows down the air in front of you, and causes the air behind you to slow down, creating turbulence.
Emotions are caused by the release of adrenocorticotropic hormone (CRH), which is a hormone produced by the hypothalamus, which is located in the middle of the brain. When you are stressed, your body releases cortisol, which causes your heart to beat faster, your blood pressure to rise, your pupils dilate, palms sweat, etc. 

When you are excited, your brain sends signals to your hypothalamus telling it to release cortisol. This causes your body to release adrenocotropin.
Habits are formed through repetition and reinforcement. 

If you have a bad habit, it's easier to break it than it is to break a good habit.

When you start a new habit, you don't have to think about it, you just have to do it.
Because they don't want you to be able to use it as a computer.

They don't allow you to do that because they want to make sure you don't screw up the hardware.
When you get dizzy, your inner ear is telling your brain that your head is spinning, and your eyes are telling you that you're not. 

Your brain is sending out signals to your eyes to tell them that you are moving, but your eyes aren't, so your brain interprets that and tells your brain to stop moving.

When your brain doesn't get the signals, your brain thinks you're falling, so it sends out a signal to your eye to tell you to stop. This is called [nystagmus](_URL_0_).

If you're
Divine Books are books written by people who believe that they are divinely inspired. 

The Bible is one of the most important books in the Christian faith, and is considered to be the bible of the entire Christian faith.

There are many other books, but the Bible is the one that is considered the bible.
I think it's because it's more beneficial for the consumer or the company.

If you're buying a used car, you're not going to be able to compare the price of the car to what the manufacturer is asking for, so you're going to have to haggle with the dealer.  

When you go to a car dealership, they're not trying to sell you a new car at the same price as the manufacturer.  They're trying to get you to buy the car at a lower price, so they can sell it to you at a better price.  If they're
Net neutrality is the principle that internet service providers (ISPs) should not be able to discriminate based on the content they provide. 

For example, if you want to watch a movie on Netflix, you should be allowed to watch it on Netflix.

If you want a video on Hulu, you shouldn't have to pay Hulu to play it on Hulu.  If you want an ad-supported video on YouTube, you need to pay YouTube to stream it on YouTube.
The 1st and 2nd amendments do not apply on private property.

The 5th amendment says "No person shall be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law."

This is a very important part of the 2nd amendment because it says that the government can't take private property without the consent of the owner.
When a computer program freezes, it's usually due to a number of things. 

1. The program is trying to do something, but it can't do it.

2. It's trying to write something to the memory, but the program doesn't know how to write it, so it's not able to do it

3. It can't get the data it needs to write, so the program stops processing

4. It might have a bug in the program that causes it to freeze

5. It may not be able to write the data, and it might not
The middle finger used to represent the phallus in ancient times, and it was used as a symbol of sexual intercourse. 

It's not taboo anymore.
We don't use TVs as computer monitors because they're too expensive.

They're too big and too bulky to be used as a computer monitor.
The Poincare Conjecture is a conjecture in topology.  It's basically a statement that if you have a complex number field, then there are infinitely many points on that field that have the same value as 0.

For example, let's say we have a 3-dimensional manifold.  Let's say that we want to know how many points there are on that manifold, and we can prove that there are no such points.  We can prove this by showing that if we look at the shape of the manifold, we can show that there is a point on the manifold that has the same
I'm not an expert, but I'll try to give you a basic understanding of how our sense of smell works.

When we were first born, we didn't have any sense at all. We didn't even have eyes. We had a sense of touch, and we had some sense of taste, but not much else. 

We evolved to be able to see, smell, touch, taste, and hear. We also evolved to use our eyesight to see the world around us, and our ears to hear the sounds around us. We were able to use these senses to help us survive
The TSA is concerned that if you have a bomb in your carry-on bag, it could be used to detonate a bomb.

The TSA doesn't want you to be able to carry a bomb on a plane, so they limit the amount of liquids you can carry.
When you hit the remote control, you are resetting the hardware in the device. 

The hardware in your remote control is connected to the computer.  When it stops working, the computer sends an error message to the operating system, which tells it to reboot.

When the computer rebooted, it sends the error message back to the hardware, which is then used by the computer to start the device back up.
When you exhale, the air in your lungs expands and expands. When you open your mouth, it expands and contracts, which causes the air to come out of your throat and return to your lungs.

When you purse your lips, you're using the muscles in your mouth to compress the air that's in your throat, so that it doesn't come out.
I think it has to do with the "halo effect".

When you see someone attractive, you automatically assume they have a lot of other positive attributes that make them attractive. This is called the halo effect. 

For example, when you see a beautiful person, you assume they are smart, funny, kind, etc. You don't think they are unattractive because they don't have any of those traits.

But when you look at someone unattractive, you think they have none of those things.  You think they're unattractive simply because they are ugly.
I'm not an expert, but I can give you a few pointers.

Hoffman was a very successful actor. He had a lot of success in the 70s, 80s, 90s, and early 2000s. His last two credits were on two prime-time television series Simon & Simon and Fantasy Island. 

He was also a very charismatic and charismatic person. He was the kind of guy that you would want to hang out with if you wanted to talk about anything. He also had a very good sense of humor. He wasn't afraid to say what he was doing, and
RSS is a web-based format.

Atom is a similar format, but it's not as easy to read as RSS. 

JSON is a data format that's written in plain text, and it's much easier to read than XML. 



The difference between the RSS and JSON feeds, and the benefits and deficits of both.
The mayor of Toronto is elected by the City Council, not by the people. 

The mayor is the head of the city government, and the city council is the body that makes the laws and decides what the city does.

In the past, the mayor has been removed from office by the courts, but the courts have ruled that the mayor can't be removed by a court.  The courts have also ruled that they can't remove the mayor by a vote of council, so the mayor is still the mayor.
It's not possible to revive a human. 

Humans are not capable of regenerating their own bodies.  They have no natural ability to do so.

If we were able to do it, it would require a lot of effort and expense.  It's not worth it.
It's a combination of things.

1. 

* Location data.  Maps are built on the assumption that you know where you're going.  If you're driving down the highway, you know that there's a lot of traffic on the highway.  You know that if you take a left turn, you'll get stuck in traffic for a while, and if you go right, you will get stuck for a long time.  
* Traffic patterns.  Google knows where you are, and how long it will take you to get to your destination.  It knows how long you
The "death drive" is not a biological drive, it's a psychological one. 

It's a desire to die.  It's not the same as the "life drive", it's just that it's an instinctual drive.

The reason it's called a death drive is because it's the opposite of the desire to live.  The "life" drive is a desire for life, the "death" is an urge to die, and the "pleasure drive" (the desire for sex) is a drive for pleasure. 


This is the difference between the two
The purpose of the wall outlet is to provide a direct connection between the ground and the ground. The ground is the ground of the electrical circuit, the ground is where the current is coming from.

When you plug in a cable, you are connecting the ground to the ground, and the current goes to the anode. If the ground isn't grounded, the current will flow through the ground (the ground).

The wall outlet serves as a ground, so that the ground doesn't interfere with the current flowing through it.
Microwaves don't go anywhere. They are absorbed by the material out of which the oven is built. When the oven shuts off, the microwaves are no longer absorbed by that material.
It's a combination of things. 

1. A lot of the pollution is caused by burning coal, which is a highly polluting fossil fuel.

2. There are a lot of poor countries in Asia that don't have the infrastructure to deal with the pollution.
Medicare is the federal government's health insurance program.

Obamacare is an attempt to make it easier for people to get health insurance. 

Medicare and Medicaid are two different programs. Medicaid is a program for low-income children, adults, seniors and people with disabilities, covering one in five Americans.
The efficiency of today's solar panels is limited by the amount of silicon used to make them.  

Solar panels are made of a material called [crystalline silicon](_URL_0_), which is a very expensive material.  This means that it is very difficult to mass produce.  The amount of crystalline silicon required to make a solar panel is very high, and it is not cheap.

The problem is that this means that you need a lot of silicon to make the panels.  So you need to use a lot more of it, and that means that the cost of
It doesn't. 

The difference in temperature isn't that big.  It's the amount of energy it takes to heat up the air.  If the air is warmer than the earth's surface, it will be able to absorb more energy from the sun.  That's why it's so important to keep the air above ground level at a constant temperature.

If the Earth's surface is warmer, it can absorb more of the sun's energy.  This means that it will take more energy for the Earth to warm up.  So if the Earth is hotter than it was a few years
It's called the crossed extension reflex. It's a muscle spasm that causes your muscles to contract, which causes you to feel a weakness in your legs and it's hard to stand up
Pigments are not uncommon in nature, but they are rare in nature. 

We can get them from plants, animals, and minerals, but we can't get them naturally.
Aspirin is an anti-inflammatory drug. Paracetamol and ibuprofen are anti-inflammatories.

Acetaminophen is an analgesic.  Aspirin works by inhibiting the production of COX, which is the hormone that causes your body to produce heat.  When your body is hot, COX is released, and your body cools down.  This is why you feel cold when you are sick.  It's because your body's body is trying to cool itself down.
Because it's a national issue, not a state issue.  

Same sex marriage is being decided at the federal level because the federal government has the authority to regulate it.  The states have the power to decide whether or not to allow same sex marriage.
It depends on the type of animation.

In the early days of animation, the animators would use film. They would take pictures of the background and the characters, and then they would draw them on paper. Then they would use a rostrum camera to film them. 

Nowadays, they use digital animation. They use a computer to create 3D models of the characters and the backgrounds, then they use computer software to animate them in 3D.
Bows are heavier and heavier than muskets. They also have a longer reload time, which is why they are more prone to being shot down.

Muskets are lighter than bows, so they can be reloaded faster.
We don't know. 

There are a lot of theories about why this is, but the most common one is that it has something to do with the amount of time it takes for the ovaries to grow and mature, and the length of time between fertilization and the birth of the child.

The more fertile a woman is, the more likely she is to be able to carry a child to term, and if she's not able to, the less likely she will be to have a child.
They don't. 

It's not that they don't pay taxes on all of their income, it's just that they pay a small percentage of it to the government.
Sweden has a free college education.

The US does not.
The economy is doing well, but paychecks are growing at a "record low pace"

The US is not doing well because we have a lot of people working, but because we are not spending enough to keep up with the demand.

We are spending more than we are earning, so we have less money to spend.
The NBA didn't get rid of the rule. It was just changed to make it easier for the refs to determine if the ball was in the air before the player takes a step.
The first king was elected by the senate. 

The senate is the body that decides who gets to be the king.  The senate is made up of the nobles of the country, and they vote on who they think should be the next king.

When the senate votes on who should be king, they vote for the person they think is best suited to be king.
The federal government has the power to enforce the laws of the United States.  The state government is the authority to enforce state laws.  

If there is a dispute between a federal agent and a local police officer, the federal government will have the power of law enforcement.
When you're trying to fall asleep, your body is producing heat. When you wake up, it's trying to get rid of that heat. 

Your body has a process called vasoconstriction.  When you're asleep, the blood vessels in your extremities are constricted.  This causes your body to release heat, which causes you to feel cold.
You can remember stupid jokes, but you can't remember important info/skills that could get you a job.
Some people grow up slower than others. 

There are a lot of theories about why this is, but the most common one is that it has something to do with the way the brain develops.

When you are young, your brain is still developing.  Your brain has a lot to learn, and it takes a long time for it to fully develop.  When you are older, it's still developing, but it's not as much as it was when you were young.  This is because your brain has to learn how to process more complex information, and this takes a longer time.
Some USB cables do allow file sharing, some do not. 

The reason for this is because the USB standard has a strict "tree" topology and "master-slave" protocol for addressing peripheral devices; peripheral devices cannot interact with one another except via the host, and two hosts cannot communicate over their USB ports directly.

This means that if you want to connect to a PC, you need to be able to tell the computer that it is a USB port and not a serial port, and the computer needs to know that you are a USB device. 


The problem is that the USB
When you take a picture, you're using a camera with a wide angle lens.  The light from the sun hits the front of the camera and bounces off the back of the lens, creating highlights and shadows.

When the flash is on, the light is bouncing off the wall, ceiling, etc.  This causes the light to bounce off of the wall and the shadows to be visible.
Bars don't sell alcohol, they sell food. 

Bars sell food, but they sell drinks, and they sell them for a price.

If you go to a bar and order a drink, you pay for it, and the bartender will tell you how much it is, and how much you will pay for the drink.  If you don't want to pay that much, the bartender tells you that it is $5, and if you want to buy it, you have to pay $10, and then the bartender has to tell you the price of the drink you want.
It's a safety thing.  

When you plug a plug into a wall outlet, the ground wire is connected to the receptacle.  The ground wire needs to be grounded to the wall.  If you don't have a ground wire, you can't plug the plug into the outlet.
I think it's because when you're thinking about something, your brain is trying to get your attention. If you shake your head, you're telling your brain that you're not interested in what it's thinking about, and you're trying to change your train of thought.
Oklahoma is a public university, so they can expel students based on whatever they say.
The Doppler effect affects light in two ways.

First, it affects the wavelength of the light. 

Think of it like this:

Imagine you have a light source and a light receiver.  You have a beam of light traveling at the same speed, but the light source is moving at a different speed than the light receiver, so the light from the source is bouncing off of the receiver and bouncing off the walls of the room.  If you look at the light, you can see that the light is bouncing in the same direction as the light coming from the receiver, but it
I think it's a combination of things.

REM sleep is a stage of sleep during which your brain is most active. This means that your brain has a lot of time to process and process what is happening in your dreams. When you wake up from a dream, your brain sends a signal to your body telling you that something is wrong, and it's time for you to get back to sleep. 

When you're in REM sleep, your body is going through a period of rapid eye movement (REM) sleep, which is when you're most awake. This is the part of the sleep cycle
It depends on a lot of things. 

1. The amount of light coming from a star is proportional to its apparent magnitude.

2. The distance between the star and the observer.
The UK is a liberal democracy. It was almost the only liberal democracy not to have legalised hardcore pornography during the 1960s and 1970s.
Chili peppers contain capsaicin. Capsaicin is a chemical that causes pain receptors in your mouth and throat to fire, which is why you need to use gloves when handling them.
Explosions are caused by shock waves traveling at the speed of sound. The time delay between the moment of an explosion's flash and the arrival of the slower moving blast wave is analogous to the commonly experienced time lag between the observation of a flash of lightning during a lightning storm, thus giving you more time to take cover.
I'm not sure how they find the words, but I'm guessing it's a combination of Google and YouTube. 

_URL_0_
It depends on the game. 

If you're talking about the source code of the game, there are a lot of different things you can do with it.

For example, if you want to improve the graphics or add new items, you can use a game engine called Unreal Engine.  It's a set of tools that allows you to make changes to the game's graphics, sound, sound effects, and so on.  You can also use it to create new assets, such as new maps, new sounds, new textures, or new items.  These are all part of the engine,
The Hubble Space Telescope is a telescope that looks into space.

It's a very large telescope, and it can see a lot of things that we can't see from our own planet. 

_URL_0_
We don't know. 

We know that we can detect radio waves because we can see them, but we can't see them because they are reflected back to us.

The only way to detect them is to be able to see them.
It's not the people, it's the corporations. 

Marijuana is a very profitable industry, and the government doesn't want to tax and regulate it.  It's also a gateway drug to other illegal drugs.  There's a lot of money to be made off of it.
Your body's natural reaction to an inury is to enflame and increase bloodflow, why do we ice it to do just the opposite?
Alpha and beta males exist in the human species, and are just meaningless jargon used by pickup artists.

The term "alpha" comes from the word "alpha male" which is used to refer to a dominant male. 

"Beta" is used in the manosphere to describe men who are not assertive, particularly with women.
I don't know about you, but I think it has something to do with the fact that your voice sounds different to you than it does to other people
It depends on the brand.  

For example, Rolex watches are made by a company called Rolex.  They make a lot of watches, but they sell them at a fraction of the cost of the actual cost of making them.

If you buy a Rolex for $100,000, it's because you're buying a piece of history.  If you buy one for $500,000 and you don't know what it is, you're not buying it.  You're buying it because you want to know that it was made by the best watchmaker in the world.
Potholes are caused when the road surface wears out. 

Asphalt is made of concrete.  When you drive on it, your tires wear out the concrete, and when they wear out, they wear down the asphalt.

When the asphalt wears out, it falls apart, and the road is left with a pothole.
Your skin is a very good insulator. It absorbs heat from the surrounding environment and transfers it to the rest of your body. 

Your body needs to be able to maintain a constant temperature in order to function properly.
It's not that a single person can't color an image, it's that it's a lot of work. 

Casablanca was shot on black and white film.  It was shot in the early 1900s, and the film was not colorized until the 1920s.  The colorists had to use aniline dyes to create the colors.  They had to color the entire film, which was very expensive.
Batteries in a cupboard don't leak acid all the time.

They are designed to be stored in a dry state with little capacity loss if their seal is not broken.
When you increase the volume in a tv, what actually causes the sound to become louder?

When you turn up the volume, you're increasing the frequency of the audio signal, which increases the amount of energy that can be absorbed by the speaker. 

As the speaker gets louder, the volume of the signal increases, and so does the power of the amplifier.
It's not that they were able to take it down, it's that they didn't know where it was. 

They didn't have a single raid on a physical location.  They knew where the servers were, they knew where they were located, and they knew who was running the servers.
Dairy cows are treated with antibiotics to prevent them from getting mastitis, which causes them to produce less milk. This means that they can't produce as much milk as they used to, which means that the dairy industry loses money.
LLVM is a programming language.  It is a set of instructions that programmers can use to write code that is compiled into bytecode.  

It is a library that allows programmers to write bytecode in a language that is easy to understand and easy to use.  For example, if you want to write a program in C++, you can write it in LLVM.

The reason LLVM is useful is because it allows you to write your code in a way that makes it easy for other languages to understand it.  This means that you don't need to worry about having to write
They use makeup artists to make the actors look younger than they actually are.

They also use make-up artists to give the actors a more youthful appearance.
It's not that we are getting fatter, it's that we're eating too much. 

Our bodies are designed to store fat as energy.  When we eat too much, our bodies produce too much insulin, which is a hormone that makes us fat.

When we don't eat enough, our body produces too little insulin.  This causes us to gain weight.
They don't. 

Spammers are very good at hiding their activity.  They use a lot of different methods to do this.  For example, they use text mining.  This is a technique that uses text to track the number of times a message is sent.  If a spammer sends the same message over and over again, they will eventually get tired of it and stop sending it.

The problem is that spamming is very hard to detect.  It's not that they don't exist, it's that they're so good at it that they just don't notice.
Your iris is made of pigments called melanin. Melanin is a pigment that absorbs light and reflects it back to your eyes. 

Your eyes are made up of a bunch of cells called retinal ganglion cells. The color of your eyes is determined by the amount of melanin in your iris and the frequency of the scattering of light by the turbid medium in the stroma of the iris.
Wifi and 4g are two different things. 

Wifi is a way for you to connect to the internet.  It uses radio waves to send and receive data.  4g is the same way, but it uses a different wavelength of radio waves.

4g is a different type of radio wave.  You can't use the same frequency for both.  If you want to use 4g, you have to use a different frequency for each channel.  This is why you can't have multiple channels for 4g.
Tobacco is just one of many chemicals in cigarettes. 

E-cigarettes contain a lot of chemicals as well.
If Bigfoot was real, they would have found some dead ones/ remains or even bones.

It's not that they wouldn't find them, it's just that they would be too far away to find them.
They're not just wires with magnets, in the end
If you sell something that says "not labeled for individual sale" and it's not marked as such, you can be sued for fraud. 

If you're selling something that is labeled as individual sale, you could be sued by the manufacturer of the item, or by the seller of the product, or both.

In the case of the latter, the seller could sue the manufacturer for breach of contract.
I think it has something to do with the fact that when you draw something, your brain is trying to make sense of it. 

When you draw it, you're trying to figure out what you want it to look like.  When you finish the drawing, you realize that you don't know how it's going to look, and you're disappointed.
Tobacco is bad for your heart.

Carbon monoxide and cyanide are two of the most harmful compounds found in tobacco. 

The other is acrylonitrile, which is found in chewing tobacco.
The idea of being "professional" in work environments come about in the 1950s and 60s.  

In the early days of the workplace, you were expected to behave in a professional manner.  If you didn't, you would be fired.  You would be treated like shit.  The idea was that if you behaved like a professional, you wouldn't have to worry about being fired.
It depends on the language you're using. 

For example, if you're writing a web application, you might want to write it in C++, and then compile it into C#, which is a language that can be compiled into C++.

If you want to make it run on Android, you need to write the code in C# and compile it to C#.
Thunder is caused by a shock wave traveling through the air. 

When lightning strikes, it causes the air around it to expand, which causes it to vibrate.

This vibrates the air in the air, causing it to sound different than when the air is at rest. The sound waves propagate not from a single point source but along the length of the lightning's path, the sound origin's varying distances from the observer can generate a different sound.
I think it has to do with how big the animal is.  Insects are smaller than humans, so they are less likely to be killed by predators.  

Also, insects are more vulnerable to predators than big animals.  They are more likely to get eaten by predators because they can't fly.  Big animals can fly, but insects can't.
I think it's because you're rubbing your tummy. 

When you're in pain, your body is trying to get rid of whatever it is that's causing the pain.
Comas are caused by damage to the brain. 

When you are in a coma, your brain is not functioning normally.  Your brain is still alive, but it has lost the ability to respond to pain, light, sound, etc.

The brain can still respond to stimuli, but the brain is no longer able to do any of the things it normally does.  This is why you can wake up from a coma if you have a traumatic brain injury.
They were trained to go to a specific location or could a single pigeon be sent to multiple ones.

Pigeons can be trained to fly back and forth up to twice a day reliably, covering round-trip flights up to 160 km (100 miles per hour) and have been observed in top racers for short distances.
Bills are cheaper to produce than coins.

Coins are more expensive to produce because they are made of metal that is not as valuable as gold or silver.
They don't. 

It's not that hard to build a subway system.  It's that you need a lot of land to build it.  In New York City, they have a huge amount of land, and it's cheap to build underground.
The exchange rate is a measure of the value of the currency against other currencies. 

If you buy something in a foreign country and sell it to someone in another country for a dollar, they will pay you in that country's currency.  If you sell it in your country, and they pay you back in your own currency, then the exchange rate goes up.

This is called the "effective exchange rate".  It's basically the difference between what you pay in your currency and what other countries pay in their currency.
I think it's because when you're in a crowd, you're less aware of your own actions and more aware of the actions of others around you.  

When you're alone, you don't have to worry about consequences for your actions.  When you're with a group of people, you do.  You don't worry about the consequences of your actions, because you're part of a group.
The process of inventing a vaccine is the process of isolating a virus. 

Viruses are just small doses of viruses that cause your immune system to 'learn about them', then they are tested on cells in a culture.
Some trans-women can self-lubricate after surgery, but it depends on the type of surgery. 

Some trans women can self lubricate, but not all trans women do.
They don't. 

The money goes to the Federal Election Commission (FEC).  The FEC regulates how much money can be spent.  The money is used to pay for the salaries of non-volunteers in the campaign, transportation, advertising, and media advertisements.
When you blow up an image, you're using a lot of light to fill in the gaps between the pixels. This is called pixelation.
They're not allowed to say whatever they want. 

The First Amendment protects free speech.  The First Amendment does not protect them from defamation.  It protects them from slander, slander, libel and slander.
It's called the [laryngeal adductor reflex](_URL_0_). When you swallow, the muscles in your throat contract to close the larynx, which is the part of your throat that connects your mouth to your lungs. 

When the muscles contract, they open up the airway, which allows the food to go down your throat.
Short-term memory is stored in your brain as a "slots" in which information is stored. 

Long-term memories are stored in long-term storage in the hippocampus, which is the part of the brain responsible for storing memories.

When you lose a memory, your brain tries to store it in your hippocampus, but it doesn't have enough space to store all the information it needs, so it can't.
When you are speaking on the phone, your brain is trying to make sense of what you're saying. It's a lot easier to focus on the words you're trying to say than it is on what's going on around you.

When you're walking around the room, it's easier for your brain to keep track of where you are and what's happening around you because you're not looking at your phone.
The neutrinos that were sent to CERN were sent from the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) at CERN. 

The LHC is a massive particle accelerator that shoots a beam of protons and neutrons into the atmosphere.  It's so big that it's able to detect the neutrino tracks left by the particles as they pass through it.

When the particles hit the detector, they leave tracks in the emulsion.  These tracks are called "scintillator tracks" and they are used to measure the energy of the particles passing through them.
Gran Turismo has been around for a long time. It's been around since the 90s, and it's been a huge success. 

The problem with it is that it's not a good game.

It's not really a game about racing, it's a racing game about driving a car.  It's not about racing cars, it is about driving cars. 


The first game, Gran Turismo, was released in 1993. It was the first game in the series to be developed by Criterion Games, a company that is best known for making racing games.
The clicker is a device that makes a sound to signal to the animal that he/she has performed the correct, or desired, behavior. 

It works because it's a bridging stimulus.  When you click the clicker, you're rewarding the animal for doing the behavior you want them to do.
They don't.  They don't make money off of advertising.  

They make money from the fact that people are using their app.  If you don't have an advertiser, they don't get paid for it.
There are a lot of tests that can tell you what STD's you are infected with. 

The easiest way to know is to use a Western Blot test.  This is a test that looks at the DNA of a virus and tells you if it is present in your blood or semen.

If you have a history of sexually transmitted diseases, it will tell you if you are sexually active.  If you are not sexually active, it tells you that you are at high risk of contracting STDs.  It can also tell you whether you have been sexually active for a long time and if you
Kim Jong-un is the current leader of North Korea. He is the son of Kim Jong-il, who was the last leader of the country. 

If the U.S. sent in a team to North Korea and assassinated him, it would be seen as a coup d'état by the North Koreans.

The North Koreans would have no choice but to kill him.
I'm not sure what you mean by "it's gotten so skewed in the last 40-50 years".

The US has been a very wealthy country for most of its history.  In the early 1900s, the top 1% of Americans owned 35% of the country's total wealth, and the next 19% owned 51%.

In the 1950s and 1960s, there was a period of time when the top 20% owned 86% of US wealth and the bottom 80% of America owned 14%.  This was a very different situation.

During the 1970s and 1980s,
I think it has to do with the fact that your brain is trying to clean your skin. When you scratch your back, your brain releases histamine, which is a chemical that makes you feel good. 

When you scratch someone else's back, the histamine is released, and your brain interprets that as a good feeling.
Hot air rises because it expands, which lowers its density, which makes it less dense than the surrounding cooler air. When it cools, it becomes less dense, which causes it to fall.
Zambia's economy is based on agriculture and mining. 

Australia, on the other hand, is heavily dependent on mining and agriculture.
Hedge funds and traders don't try to be perfectly hedged on their portfolio such that any gains or losses are completely offset by other positions, how do they make money?

They use leverage, the practice of borrowing money, trading on margin, or using derivatives to obtain market exposure in excess of that provided by investors' capital. 

For example, let's say you have $100,000 and you want to buy a bunch of shares of a company.  You borrow $10,000 from a bank and sell them for $1,000.  The bank will lend you $1.
It depends on the show. 

For example, if you're a regular cast member on a TV show, you get paid a set amount of money per episode.  If you have a recurring role, you'll get a set number of episodes per season, and you'll be paid for each episode.

If you're an extra, you're paid for every episode, but you don't get paid for the entire season.  You get a fixed amount of episodes for each season, which is called "revenues".  If the show is a hit, they'll pay you more than you
Allergies cause inflammation in your eyes. Rubbing them makes it worse but it feels oh so good.
They don't. 

They are designed to fire at a very high rate of fire, so the heat generated from the friction of so many bullets passing through the barrel so quickly is dissipated in the chamber.

Also, the barrel is a much larger bulk of metal than other, single-barreled guns, they are thus much slower to rise in temperature for a given amount of heat.
"I dropped the soap" is actually a play on words. 

"Soap" comes from the word "soap" and "drop" are two different words.

Soap is used as a noun, and "dropped" is a verb.
If they were to go into a coma for an extended period of time, they would die from lack of oxygen to the brain. 

They would not be able to communicate with other living things, and they would not have the ability to move their limbs.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm going to try to explain it this way. 

Internet Explorer 6 was the last version of Internet Explorer that was released in the 2000s.  It was released as part of the "browser war" between Microsoft and Netscape.  Netscape was the dominant browser at the time, and Microsoft was trying to stop them from dominating the market.  They released a bunch of new versions of IE, but they didn't want to lose market share to them, so they stuck with IE 6.

The problem with this is that it was
When you are under duress, your brain sends signals to your eyes to tell them that your heart is beating, and your eyes are telling your brain that it's not. 

Your brain interprets these signals as vibrations in your eyes, and interprets them as your heart beating.
The problem with trickle down economics and tax cuts is that they are not the solution. 

The solution to the Greek debt crisis is that the European Union and the International Monetary Fund (IMF) have agreed to bail out Greece.  They are not going to do it because they don't want Greece to default on their loans.
It's not necessary. 

It's just a way to make it easier for people to identify the car.  If you don't want people to be able to identify you by your license plate, it's not a good idea to blur it.
Quantum mechanics is the theory of how the universe works. 

The Standard Model is the basic theory of particle physics.  It describes how all the particles in the universe interact with each other, and how they interact with the universe as a whole.  The Standard Model has a few simple laws that govern how particles behave in collisions and interactions.  These laws are conservation of energy and conservation of momentum, which let us make calculations of particle interactions.

In quantum mechanics, you can't calculate the state of a subatomic particle, but you can calculate its momentum.  You can calculate the momentum of
A quantifier turns a sentence into a sentence about the number (quantity) of things having the property. 

For example, "All people are mortal" is a quantifier.

A sentence is a sentence that says "if a is a philosopher, then a philosopher is a scholar".

Let's say you want to know how many philosophers there are in the world, and you have a list of philosophers. You could say "For every philosopher, there are a hundred philosophers". But you can also say "for every scholar, there is one philosopher", and that's a sentence.
I don't know what you mean by "do not throw in trash" but I think it means "don't throw it in the trash".
When you are stressed, your body releases a hormone called adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH). This hormone causes your heart to beat faster and your blood to pump more blood to your muscles, which causes you to feel tired.
You should be able to pick up the landline by playing a recording of touch tones.

It's not that hard to do, it's just that you need to know the frequency band that the tone falls in.



If you're talking to a landline, you can't pick up a phone by listening to the tone, you have to know where it is coming from, and how strong it is.
The camera is not visible in the mirror.  It's in the background.  The camera is in front of the camera.
We don't know. We don't have any evidence that time existed before the universe was created. We have no evidence of the past other than our memory of it, and no evidence that it is real or not.
Because they don't have the money to make TV-MA shows. 

FX and FXX don't make shows that appeal to kids.  They don't want to pay the same amount of money to produce them as they do to make shows for kids.
Jupiter's atmosphere is made up of a lot of water ice, and it's very thin, so it looks like it's layered. 

The reason it appears to be "layered" is due to the fact that it has a very thin atmosphere, and because it's so close to the sun, the sun's light is reflected off of it, causing it to appear to be 'layered'.
No one cares about the man in the box. 

It's just a joke.
Your ears are connected to the air in your nose and sinuses. When the cabin is pressurised, the pressure inside your ears is equal to the pressure outside. This causes your sinuses to expand, which causes pressure to build up in your ears, causing them to pop.
Fountains work by pumping water from the tap into the fountains. 

The water is pumped through the pipes by a motor that powers a rotating impeller.  The impeller pushes the water out of the pipes and into the air.  When the water is full, it is pushed back into the pipes.

When the water reaches the end of the pipe, the impeller stops working and the water stops flowing.
They don't. 

99 cent stores work by using a machine that dispenses change at a fixed rate.  It's called a coin dispenser.  The machine has a small amount of coins in it, and when you pay for something, it dispenses the coins to the cashier.  If you pay with a dollar bill, the machine will dispense the coins at the same rate as the dollar bill.

If you use a $1.50 bill, you pay the same amount of money, but the machine dispenses coins at a different rate, so that the store doesn't
It sounds like someone is saying your name. 

_URL_0_

If you are alone and it is quiet, or if there is a little bit of background noise, it sounds like you are being spoken to.
There is no definitive number of colours that humans can see. 

We have three types of cones in our eyes, one for each of three different wavelengths of light.

Our eyes are made up of a bunch of different types of cone cells, each of which can pick up a different wavelength of light, and the brain can combine them to create a single color.  This is called "trichromatic" color vision, and it's the same as monochromatic color vision.
Common Core is a set of standards for teaching mathematics in the United States.  It's a bunch of standards that were developed by the National Council of Teachers of Mathematics (NCTM).  They are based on the Common Core State Standards, which were originally developed in 2000 for the US and Canada, which are the same standards that are used in other countries. 

The Common Core state standards are not the same as the National Curriculum, but they are similar in that they are aligned with the standards of the National Science Foundation (NSSF), which is a federal agency that is responsible for teaching
Your eyes are made up of a bunch of cells called rods and cones, and they are sensitive to light. When you look directly at the sun, the light from the sun hits your eyes, and causes them to fire a chemical called acetylcholine. This chemical causes the light to bounce off of your retina, which is the part of your eye that tells your brain what's going on. 

When you look at a bright light, your brain sends out a signal to your eyes to tell them what's happening, and your eyes are able to pick up on that signal and send it to your brain
When water gets in your nose, it starts to feel like it's being stabbed with a sharp object. 

It's called a vasovagal reaction, and it's caused by the vasoconstriction of the mucous membranes in your nasal cavities.
High precision resistors have to be made in a very specific way.  

For example, if you want to make a resistor that has a voltage of 10 ohms, you have to make it in a way that is so precise that it can be measured with a laser.  This means that you need to be able to measure it with a very precise laser.

The problem is that it is very expensive to make.  You need to know exactly how to measure the voltage and how many points it needs to be measured at.  If you don't know, you can't make it.
In economics, the IS-LM model is used to model the relationship between money supply and demand.  

In the IS model, the money supply is determined by the amount of money in circulation, and the money demand is measured by the number of people who want to buy things.

The IS curve is a set of points representing the IS curve, where there are points representing equilibrium in investment and savings.  If there is no change in the IS/LM model, then money supply will not change.  The IS curve will remain the same, but if there is a change in money supply,
Hospitals in the U.S. don't get paid by the government, they are run by for-profit companies. 

The government doesn't pay them, they pay them for the services they provide.
There is a ground. 

It's called the earth's magnetic field.

The earth is a conductor of electricity.  It acts as a "ground" for electrical circuits.  If you have a circuit that is not connected to the earth, it will not conduct electricity.
Because it's cheaper. 

If you have a checking account with a bank that doesn't accept cash, you have to use a debit card.  If you use a cash checking account, you don't have to worry about that.
When you touch a warm part of your body with really cold hands, your nerves are telling your brain that it's cold, so you feel the cold more than the warmth.
Your brain has a bunch of different parts that are responsible for different things. 

Your amygdala is the part of your brain that tells you what's going on around you.  When you're scared, your brain sends out signals to other parts of the brain telling them what to do.

When you're in a situation where you don't know what is going on, your amygdala sends out a signal to your brain telling it that you need to run, fight, or freeze.  This is called the fight-or-flight response.  It's basically your body's way of telling you that there
It's not that we have unique fingerprints, it's that our fingerprints are unique to us. 

If you look at a picture of a koala, you'll see that they all have the same pattern of fingerprints, but if you look closely at the koala's skin, you will notice that they have different patterns.

The reason we have our own unique fingerprints is because we have evolved to be able to distinguish between ourselves and other animals, and we have to use our unique fingerprints to distinguish ourselves from other animals.
Calories are a measure of how much energy your body uses per day. 

If you eat too much, you will gain weight.  If you eat the right amount, you'll lose weight.

When you don't eat enough, your body will store the excess energy as fat.
Neosporin is an anti-inflammatory and anti-oxidant. 

It contains a chemical called glycolic acid, which binds to the glycosyl groups of proteins in your skin.  These proteins are the ones that are responsible for healing your cuts.

When you get cut, your skin is covered in a layer of proteins called keratin.  The keratin is a protein that binds to proteins in the skin, and when you apply it, it binds to these proteins and binds to them.  When you apply the skin to a cut, the keratin breaks down and
If you live in a dorm/apartment building, what do you do if there is a fire... in the stairwell?
It's called a rolling code.

The key fob has a radio transmitter that transmits a code to the car.  The car recognizes the code and sends it to the remote.  If the car recognizes it, it will open the door.  But if it doesn't, it won't.
You can control the voice in your head, but you can't control what it says.

Your brain has a lot of control over how you think, but it doesn't have control over what you say. 

If you want to control your voice, you need to learn how to control it.
Pawn shops don't make checks out to other people, they make them out to themselves. 

If you have cash in your wallet, you can cash it out to a pawn shop.
When you don't get enough sleep, your body has to do a lot of things that it doesn't want to do. 

For example, when you're tired, your brain has to release a hormone called cortisol, which is a hormone that makes you feel tired. When you're not getting enough sleep it makes your body think that you need to take a nap, so you do.

When you get too much sleep, the hormone levels in your body start to drop, and your body starts to feel tired, so it starts to think that it needs to sleep. This is why you get tired
It's not that politicians hate it so much, it's that they don't understand it.

In the US, we have a lot of people who work in the financial industry, and they are the ones who make most of the money. They are the people who make the decisions about how the economy works. 

When the economy crashed, the government had to step in and bail out the banks, because they were the ones that were causing the problems, and the government didn't want to let them get away with it.
Charter schools are public schools that operate independently of the local government school district.  They are not publicly funded, and are not required to follow the curriculum of the public school.  

The idea is that parents can choose which school they want to send their children to, and the local school board can decide whether or not to allow them to do so. 



The school is run by a non-profit organization called a "charter school".  The charter school is not a private school, but a public school that is not funded by the government.  It is a school that has
PC games are written on the hard drive, not on the disc.

Console games, on the other hand, are written in the console's memory card, which is stored on the internal hard drive.
Taste and smell are not universally the same across all humans. 

Taste is just one of those things that is passed down from generation to generation.

Smell is just another.  It's a chemical that is produced by your body.  If you have a particular taste for something, it's because your body produces a certain amount of it.  Your body produces different amounts of it, and your body is able to tell you if it's good or bad.  So, if you're born with a taste for sour and bitter foods, your body will tell you that it's bad
I think it has to do with the different types of fats in the milk.  Cow milk contains a lot of fat, which is why it tastes different.

Goat milk, on the other hand, contains less fat.  This means that it has a lot more water in it, which makes it taste different.
It's because Latin is the first language. 

It's the language of the Romans, and the Romans were the first people to speak English.

The Latin language is the language that we speak today.  It's not the language we speak in English, but the language the Romans spoke.
Sweden burns their trash to generate electricity. 

They burn it to generate heat, which is then used to heat the house.

The heat is generated by burning the trash, and the heat is used to generate steam, which then heats the house, which in turn generates electricity.
There are a lot of people who write viruses. 

Most of the time, it's because they don't know how to write good code.

They're not malicious programmers, they're hackers.
Wind is the movement of charged particles in the air. 

Think of it like a river.  The water in the river is moving, but the wind is pushing it out of the way.

The same thing happens with the air in the sky.  If you are flying in a plane, you are moving through the air, and the air is moving away from you.  This is called "wind".

If you are standing in the middle of the ocean, you can feel the wind.  You can feel it on your skin, and you can see it on the surface of the
Proteins are important in the nervous system because they act as receptors. 

When a protein binds to a receptor, it sends a signal to the brain that tells it that something is wrong, and the brain interprets that as a signal that it needs to do something.

The brain has a lot of different types of receptors, and each type of receptor has a different function. Some proteins are important because they bind to different receptors, some are important for other functions, and some are just there for the sake of being able to bind to the receptor.
The golden rule of the stock market is to buy when low, sell when high, who is doing it the other way around?
Radian is a unit of angular measure. 

Radians are the length of a circle divided by the radius of the circle.

A radian is defined as the angle subtended at the center by an arc that is equal in length to the radius.
The heart is the seat of thought, reason, and emotion. 

Emotions are caused by the body's autonomic nervous system, which is the part of the brain that controls the heart.
The logic behind Reddit up votes and down votes is that the more upvotes you get, the more likely a post is to be upvoted, and the less likely it is to get downvoted. 

If a post gets 10 upvotes and 10 downvotes, then it's more likely that it's going to get a lot of upvotes.

However, if a post has 100 upvotes, and 100 downvotes it's less likely to get any upvotes or downvotes.
They don't. 

If a building is at an intersection, they use the intersection number to determine which street the address will be on.  If the building is on a corner or has two sides, it can have two or more orientation numbers, one for each of the adjacent streets or squares.
Rubber is made up of two things:

1. The rubber itself, which is the rubber that makes up the road.

2. The asphalt, which acts as a lubricant, which makes it easier for the road to be driven on. 

When you drive on a highway, you are driving on a surface that has a lot of surface area under it, and the asphalt is constantly being worn down. This means that the rubber is constantly rubbing against the asphalt, and as it does so, it rubs off. This is why you see bits of rubber on the side of the
HIV is a double-stranded RNA virus. 

When it comes in contact with air, it breaks down into a bunch of tiny pieces.

It doesn't mean that it can't reassemble itself, it just means that it doesn't have the energy to do so.
There are a lot of things we can do. 

1. We can use things like tree rings to tell us about the past climate.  Tree rings can tell us a lot about the temperature of the earth back in the past.  They can also tell us things about the amount of ice in the air.

2. They can tell you how much water was in the atmosphere back then, and how much of it is still there.  These are called "proxies".  They tell us how much ice was there back then.  If you look at a tree ring, you can
It's not designed to clean the whole windshield. 

It's designed to remove dirt and debris from the inside of the car.
Some pimples are whiteheads, some are blackheads. 

Blackheads are caused by a type of fungal infection called [Mongolian spots](_URL_0_). These are caused when the bacteria in your skin is able to infect your skin and cause it to become inflamed.

Whiteheads are not caused by fungal infections, they're caused by bacteria in the dermis, which is the outer layer of your skin.
It's called an automatic bleeding valve. 

When you bleed the air out of the radiator, it causes the air pressure inside the radiator to drop.  This causes the temperature of the air to drop, which increases the pressure inside your radiator.

This increases the amount of air that can be drawn out of your radiator, which in turn increases the temperature inside your house.
The blockchain is a ledger of all the transactions that have ever been made.  

When you send a bitcoin to someone, you send them a message saying "hey, I want to pay you $1,000, and I want you to send me $1.000, but I don't know your private key, so I need your public key."

If you don't have a public key, you can't send a Bitcoin to someone who does.

However, if you have a private key that can be guessed, the network can verify that you have the correct private key.
HTTPS encrypts all message contents, including the HTTP headers. 

HTTPS is a protocol that encrypts and decrypts all data sent over the internet.  It is important because it makes it harder for a malicious website to access your data.
They don't have to.  Trademarks are protected by the First Amendment of the US Constitution, which protects the right to free speech and free association.  

If you don't want to be sued for trademark infringement, you have to prove that you are infringing on the trademark.  You have to show that the trademark is being used in a way that is unlawful.  If you can't prove that they are infringing, then they can't sue you.
It's not so much that it solves the problem, but that it makes it easier for you to find the problem and fix it. 

If you have a computer that has a hard drive that is full of crap, it's not going to be able to be reset.  It's going to take a long time for it to get back to normal.  If you have an old computer, it will take a lot of time to get it back up and running again.

A new computer will have a lot more space to store crap, so it will be harder for the hard drive to be
It's not an ad, it's a display ad. 

An ad is a piece of content that is displayed on a page.  It's not the content itself that's trashy, but the way it's presented to you.

If you click on the ad, you're giving your browser permission to display it.  If you don't click on it, the ad is not accepted as an ad.
I think it has something to do with the way your brain stores information. 

Your brain is very good at storing information, but it is also very bad at storing the finer details of big events in your life.
It's because when you look at a picture, your brain interprets it as a series of still images. 

When you draw something, you are taking a picture of a single image.  Your brain is processing it as if it's a single picture.  When you draw it, your eyes are interpreting it as one picture.
I think it has to do with the fact that credit cards are much more prevalent in Germany than in Sweden. 

In the US, credit cards have been around for a long time, but it's only recently that they've started to catch on.

Sweden was the first developed country to adopt chip-based credit cards in the early 90s, and it's been a while since then.
Energy is a collection of atoms and molecules. 

When you break one of these bonds, you release energy.  This energy can be used to make a new one.

If you break a chemical bond, the energy released is used to create a new molecule.  If you break the bond, you use the energy to make another one.  When you make the second molecule, you are using the energy from the first one to make the new one, so the energy you release is transferred to the other molecule.
Babies don't know to start breathing as soon as they're born.

They can hear their mother's voice telling them to take a breath, but they don't understand it. 

Babies are born with a hole in their chest that allows for air to enter their lungs.  When the baby is born, the hole is filled with amniotic fluid, which allows for oxygen to enter the lungs.
I'm not sure what problems are still preventing a hoverboard from being created and mass marketed.  

It's been a while since I've seen one, and I'm not really sure what's preventing it from being mass produced.

There are a lot of things that are preventing it, but the main ones are:

1. The price

2. The cost

3. The size

4. The weight

5. The design of the board

6. The battery

7. The amount of energy it uses

8. The speed
When you're in bed, your brain is in a state of deep sleep. It's not as active as it is when you're awake. 

When you wake up in the morning, your body is still in the process of waking up, so your brain has a lot more time to process what's going on around you.
The US has no official religion.  

It's not that gay marriage is forbidden in the bible.  It's that it's not explicitly stated as sinful in the Bible.
It's because capacitive touchscreens only work with the tip of your finger. They don't work with a pen or other similar ungrounded or nonconducting implement.
I think it has to do with a lot of things. 

1. Europe and the Middle East have been around for a long time, and have been able to spread their culture and ideas to other parts of the world.

2. Europe has been around a lot longer than Africa, so they have had a lot more time to develop their cultures and spread their ideas and ideas across the world than Africa has had time to spread them across the entire continent.
I think it has to do with the fact that they are more accepting of other religions. 

In the Middle East, there are a lot of different religions, but they are all very similar in that they all share the same basic beliefs.

For example, in the middle east there are many different sects of Islam, and many different kinds of Christianity, but there are also many different types of Buddhism, and they all have their own different ways of life. 


In addition, there is also a large number of religions that are very similar to each other, but are very different from each other
It's called the laryngeal adductor reflex (LAR). When you swallow, the muscles in your throat contract to protect the airway from food going into your lungs. When the LAR is activated, it causes your vocal cords to close, which causes your throat to feel like it's stuck.
The TV is sending a signal to your TV. 

The TV uses a radio frequency called RF (Radio Frequency).  It's a very high frequency (VHF) carrier.  It can carry a lot of information, but it's also a very low frequency (UHF).  This means that it can't carry all the information that a TV needs.

So, the TV sends the signal to the TV, and the TV converts it into a digital signal.  The TV then converts the digital signal into an analog signal, which the TV uses to display the image.  This is done
The first computer was built using vacuum tubes.  It had a drum of capacitors fixed in a mechanically rotating drum for memory.  The drum was used to store the data that the computer needed to do things.  

The computer was programmed by punching a card into the drum, and the drum would then read the data from the drum and write it to the computer.

When the computer was first built, it had no operating system, so it had to be programmed by hand.  There was no way for the computer to program itself, so the programmer had to program the drum.
They're not lawn flamingoes, they're lawn flamingos. 

They're a species of bird that lives in the Everglades of Florida.  They're not really a thing, but they're a symbol of Florida's everglades.
I'm not an IT professional, but I can give you a few reasons.

1. Virtualization is a way to make the operating system (OS) run on top of the hardware. 

The OS is a piece of software that runs on the hardware, but the hardware is the OS.  The OS runs on a hypervisor, which is an operating system that runs directly on the CPU.  This means that the OS doesn't need to interact with the hardware at all.  Instead, it's just a program that runs in the background.  It's like having a computer that's
Neanderthals were not a separate species, they were part of the genus Homo. 

Homo sapiens and Neanderthals diverged from each other about 50,000 years ago.

They interbred with other members of the same genus, and their DNA was incorporated into our DNA. 


This is called introgression. It is when two groups of humans interbreed and pass on their genetic material.
They don't expect any form of repayment within a number of years.  

They expect a return on their investment.
It depends on the type of music being written. 

If you're talking about classical music, it's written on sheet music, which is written on a piece of paper.  The sheet music is written in the same way as the music on the record.  It's written in a way that is easy to read and easy to understand.  If you want to write a song on a record, you have to write the words down on the sheet music first.  Then you need to write out the music.  You can do this by looking at the notes on the paper and writing them down.
It is 0346 PDT, the sun isn't due to come up for 2 more hours.
Banks were not created by the government. They were created by private individuals. 

In the early days of the United States, banks were owned by the state.  The government would give the state money to the banks, and the banks would give it back to the state in exchange for a share of the bank's stock.
They don't get in there, they get in through the soil. 

The pea pods are filled with water, and the soil is moist enough for them to get in.
The math is wrong.

Let's say you want to know how long it takes for a piece of paper to go from 0 to 1. 

Say you have two pieces of paper, one on each side of the table.  
1. The paper is 1 inch long, and the other is 2 inches long. 


2. If you take the paper and put it on the table, it will go from 1 inch to 2 inches, but if you take it off the table it will be 1 inch shorter.  If you put it back on, it'll be 2 inches
The "r" is a play on the word "reddit". 

The "something" part of "reddit" is the "subreddit" part.
It's a marketing strategy to get people to spend more money.  If you have a limited time only item on the menu, it's easier to get them to buy it than if you put it on the shelves all the time.
It's a cultural thing.

In Japan, a buffet or smorgasbord is known as a viking (バイキング - baikingu). It is said that this originated from the restaurant "Imperial Viking" in the Imperial Hotel, Tokyo, which was the first restaurant in Japan to serve buffet-style meals. 

The idea is that you eat more if you eat from a different plate.  If you eat off the same plate every time you go up to a buffet, you'll get used to it.
It depends on the country. 

If you pay for international mail in the US, you pay the US Postal Service (USPS) for the postage.  If you pay in other countries, the USPS will charge you for the cost of the postage to get the letter to the destination.

But if you pay overseas, the post office has to pay for the costs of getting the letter from the sender to the recipient.
Random bag searches work by swabbing bags and packages for explosive residue, and X-raying or scanning the contents of the bags. 

If the bag is found to be suspicious, it is scanned for explosives, and if it is not, the bag will be searched again.

This is done so that they can determine which bags are suspicious and which are not.
I think it's because it's linked to employment, not to rent or a mortgage.

If you have a mortgage, you can't get health insurance, and if you have health insurance you can get it.
It's not a matter of race, it's about classifications. 

In the early 1900s, Arabs and North African Americans were sometimes denied entry into the United States because they were considered nonwhite.  They were granted citizenship in order to avoid being discriminated against.
The English word "pound" is derived from the Latin word "libra", which means "pound".

The abbreviation "lb" comes from the same root as the word "pound" in Latin.
A mole is a large mass of rock, usually of stone, used as a pier, breakwater, or a causeway between places separated by water. 

Moles can be found all over the world, but they are most common in Europe.
Mosquitoes are a disease vector. They feed on the blood of humans because they are attracted to our body heat. 

They are also attracted to the sweat of pregnant women because they can't get enough of it to breed.
Sarcasm is a way to test the limits of politeness and truth in conversation. 

When you say something mean, you're trying to show that you don't mean it, but you're also trying to make it seem like you do mean it.
Gasoline has a higher energy density than a battery, but that's not taking into account that that energy is only released due to oxygen.

A fuel cell uses hydrogen as a fuel, which has a lower energy density. 

Batteries use a lot of energy, but the energy is stored in the form of electricity.  The energy density of a battery is measured in megajoules per kilogram of volume.  If you're talking about the energy density, it's the amount of energy that a battery can store in a kilogram, not the volume of energy it can store.
They don't. 

It's not that they can't sell it, it's that they don't know how to sell it.

They can sell it for a lot less than it's worth, but they can also sell it to people who are willing to pay a lot of money for it.
Script kiddies are people who are not computer security experts.

Crackers are computer security professionals who know how to find vulnerabilities and exploit them. 

Hackers are people that are just doing it for fun.
Hiroshima and Nagasaki were not cordoned off. They were evacuated and decontaminated. 

Fukushima and Chernobyl were not.
Because they don't have to pay for it. 

They don't need to.  They can do it for free.
Microwaves use a timer for the cooking time, at the end of cooking time.  Convection ovens use a convection oven, which means they don't have a timer.
Gravity is the result of gravity. 

Imagine you have a rubber sheet, and you are standing on the bottom of the rubber sheet.  If you put your hand on the top of the sheet, you will feel a slight dip in the bottom.  This is gravity.

Now imagine you have an object that is moving at the same speed as you.  It is moving in the same direction as you, but it is also moving at a higher speed than you, so it is pulling you towards it.  You feel this pull because you are moving towards it, and it pulls you towards
They don't change domains because they don't want to.

They change because they want to get more traffic. 

PirateBay and WatchSeries have been around for a long time and have a lot of money to make off of it.
Algebra and trigonometry are useful because they are easy to memorize.  

Taxes and money are important because they can be used to pay for things like roads, bridges, etc.

If you don't know how to pay taxes and how to handle money, you can't do any of those things.
The opposite of medium is communication.

Communication is the act of saying something. 

For example, if you are talking to someone on the phone, you are speaking to them through the phone.  You are using the phone to communicate with them.  If you are using a computer to communicate through the internet, then you are communicating through a computer.  The word "medium" is used to refer to the medium of communication, and the word "language" refers to the language of the computer.
It's legal to leave books in a little library, but it's illegal to leave the digital equivalent on a file sharing website?
It's a cultural thing. 

In Japan, it's not about sex.  It's about sex as a way to get attention.  If you don't have sex, you're not going to get a job, and if you do, you can't get a place to live, so you're going to have to find some way to earn a living.

It's the same reason that in the US, if you go to a bar, you'll see a lot of young men and women drinking and smoking.  In Japan, there's no such thing as a bar.  You
It depends on the project file.  

For example, if you're talking about Star Wars: The Force Awakens, there were hundreds of animators working on the same project file, and each of them worked on different parts of the movie.  There were animators who worked on the storyboards, the character designs, the voice acting, and the special effects.  Each of those people worked on their own individual parts, but they all worked together to create the overall look of the film.

In the case of Star Wars, for example, the animators worked together on all the different parts
Jehovah's Witnesses are a group of Jehovah's Witnesses who follow the teachings of the Jehovah's Witness religion.  They are a religious organization that believes that they are the chosen ones of Jesus Christ.  

They are a very small group of people who live in the United States, and they are very strict about their beliefs and practices.  There are a lot of things they don't like about the world, but the most important thing is that they do not want to be part of it.

There are a few things that make them hate:

1. They don't believe
Because it's a taboo topic that children should be 'protected' from.
We could, but it would take a long time. 

The atmosphere on the moon is too thin to hold enough oxygen to support life, and it would be too cold for plants to grow.

We would need to put a bunch of plants in a carbon dioxide chamber and harness the oxygen and over thousands of years make the moon habitable.
We pluralize *some* things that are less than 1.

For example:

_URL_0_

1 = 1

2 = 2

3 = 3

4 = 4

5 = 5

6 = 6

7 = 7

8 = 8

9 = 9
They didn't. 

Geodesic coordinates are used to determine the direction of a road.  They are based on the plane of the earth's surface and plotted on an x-y graphical plot where x is the distance along the straight line of the road and y is the "distance along the center of the wheelset from the point of origin.

If you want to know if you're building a road in the right direction, you need to look at a map of the area.  If you look at the map, you can see that the road is in the direction you want it to
Cannabis is the plant that makes hemp. 

Hemp is a type of plant that is used for industrial hemp.

Marijuana is a plant that produces hashish.  It is used to make hashish, which is a mixture of THC and CBD.  THC is the psychoactive component of marijuana.  CBD is the non-psychoactive component.
Beds and pillows didn't exist before. 

Humans have been sleeping on the ground for thousands of years.  Before that, we slept in trees.  We slept in the open air.

We didn't have blankets, pillows, blankets, or blankets.
Password Encryption works by storing the password in plain text. 

The password is stored in a file called a password bank.  It's stored in the form of a series of letters and numbers.  When you log in to a website, you type in the password and it tells you what the password is.

When you log out of the website, the password bank tells you the password you typed in.  If you try to log in again, it will ask you to enter the password again.  This time, it gives you the same password, but this time it will tell you the
We don't know. 

The only way we can tell if there are typos is by looking at the text itself.

We can look at it, but we can't read it.
The hammer in your inner ear hits the anvil. 

Your inner ear has a membrane that connects to the tympanic membrane (the area between your middle ear and the cochlea (inner ear).  This membrane is filled with hair cells.  These hair cells are sensitive to vibrations.  When the hammer hits your ear, the hair cells detect the vibrations and send them to your brain.  Your brain interprets this information and interprets it as sound.

If you don't have hair cells, you can't hear the hammer hitting your ear.  If you do, you
We use radio waves to communicate with Rosetta. 

Radio waves travel at 300 million miles per second.

The radio waves travel through the atmosphere at a constant rate of 10,000 km/s.  This means that if you send a radio signal to Rosetta, it will be picked up by a radio station at a distance of 300 million km.  The radio station will be able to pick up the signal and send it back to Earth.  It will then send the signal to the ground station, which will send it to the Rosetta spacecraft.  Then the spacecraft will receive the signal
It's an optical illusion.

When you look at a picture, you see the image as a series of dots on the screen. 

If you take a picture of the same picture twice, you'll see that the dots are in two different positions.  If you take two pictures of a different picture, the dots will appear to be in the same position in the first picture, but in the second picture they will be in different places.  This is called the [Zöllner illusion](_URL_0_).

It's caused by the fact that when you see a picture
Because paper money has no intrinsic value. 

Gold and silver are valuable because they are very hard to counterfeit.

Paper money is valuable because it can be used to buy goods and services, and because it is very easy to manipulate. 


If you want to buy something with paper money, you need to be able to prove that it is real.  If you don't have that, then you can't buy it.
Dank memes are a subgenre of memes usually involving meme formats but in a different way to image macros. 

The term "dank" is derived from the word "drowsy" which originally meant "a cold, damp place", and was later adapted by marijuana smokers to refer to high-quality marijuana, and then became an ironic term for a type of meme, and also becoming synonymous for "cool".
When you put soap in a soap dispenser, you are mixing the soap with water. The water is a liquid, and the soap is a solid. When you push the soap nozzle through the nozzle, it pushes the liquid out of the dispenser.
Comcast is a cable company.  

They are the largest cable company in the United States.  They are also the largest provider of cable TV in the US.

The problem with Comcast is that they are a monopoly.  If you want to get cable TV, you have to pay them a lot of money to get it.  This means that if you don't pay them enough money, they will not give you the service you want.  The problem is that this means that they can charge you a lot more for the service than you want, which means that you will pay them more
Coke is made of carbonated soda, which is carbonated with lime. Glass bottles are made of silica glass, which has a higher concentration of carbon dioxide (sodium and magnesium) in it than can be found in plastic bottles. This means that the carbonation of the soda is more concentrated in glass bottles, which makes it taste better.
A coma is a state of unconsciousness caused by damage to the brain. 

When you are in a coma, your brain shuts down.  Your brain does not respond normally to painful stimuli, light, sound, etc.  It does not have a normal sleep-wake cycle, so it does not wake up.  When you wake up from a coma the brain is still shut down, but it has a normal wake-up cycle.
The universe is 13.5 billion years old. 

If you look at the universe from the perspective of the earth, it looks like it's been expanding for 13.8 billion years, but if you take a look at it from space, you'll see that it's expanding faster and faster.

This is because the universe is expanding faster than the earth is expanding.  If the earth was expanding at the same rate as the universe, it would appear to have been expanding since the beginning of time.
The Golden Gate Bridge is made of concrete thrust blocks on the banks of the river, and is supported by piers. 

The bridge is cantilevered, which means that the bridge is suspended in the air, and cantilevered over the water.

There are two main parts of the bridge, the main span and the bow span. The main span is made up of a series of steel pylons, which are anchored to the riverbed. The bow span is supported on the ground, and the bridge itself is made out of concrete and steel. The bridge is 6 m wide,
It's because of the speed at which the film was recorded. 

The film was shot at 16 frames per second, which is about the same as the speed of sound.  
 
When the film is played back, it's played back at 30 frames per sec, which means that it's playing at 30 times the speed it was recorded at.  This means that if you look at it at normal speed, it looks like it's running at 30 seconds per second.  But if you watch it at 30fps, you'll notice that it looks as if it's moving at 30.
Greece has been in a financial crisis for a while now. The EU and the IMF have been trying to get Greece to reform its economy in order to get it out of a bad situation. 

The problem is that Greece has a lot of debt, and the EU and IMF want Greece to pay them back.

So they have been giving Greece money in exchange for promises that they will reform their economy, but they have to do it in a way that makes it harder for them to get the money back.
It's called formication.  It's caused by the nerves in your skin being stimulated by a chemical called histamine, which is produced by your body's immune system.  When you scratch your skin, your body releases histamine which causes it to itch.  The nerve that causes the itch is called the pruritoceptive nerve.
We have two pairs of lungs. The left lung is divided into two lobes, an upper and a lower lobe, by the oblique fissure, which extends from the costal to the mediastinal surface of the lung both above and below the hilum. 

The reason we have two lungs is because we have a diaphragm, which is the part of the body that controls the breathing mechanism.  It is the same part that controls your heart and lungs.  When you breathe, your diaphrasis pushes air out of your lungs through the larynx, which
When you increase the voltage, you're increasing the current in the circuit, but you're also increasing the resistance.  Voltage is a measure of how much energy is being dissipated.  So if you increase voltage from 120 to 220, the total amperage ends up being the same as if you did not change voltage at all?
I think it's because we don't teach them the letters phonetically. 

We teach them names phonetically, but not the letters.
High temperatures kill bacteria. 

If you cook something at a high temperature for a short amount of time, the bacteria in your food will start multiplying.  If you cook it at a lower temperature, they won't.
A bribe is when you give money to a candidate in exchange for access to their office. 

For example, if you donate $10,000 to a presidential candidate, they will give you $5,000.

But if you give $100,000, they'll give you a $10k loan.



So, if they give you the money, but you don't give them the job, then they'll tell you that they're giving you the job because they want you to vote for them.
Schizophrenia is a mental illness. 

It is caused by a defect in the brain that causes a person to lose the ability to control one or both of their hands.

This is called "alien hand syndrome".

In a nutshell, it is a condition where one of your hands is not able to control the other hand.  It is a symptom of schizophrenia.
Chickenpox is caused by the same virus as the flu. The immune system doesn't produce antibodies against it, it produces antibodies against the virus. 

Influenza is different. It's caused by a different type of virus. The flu virus is not the same as the chickenpox virus, it's a different strain of influenza virus.
When you are awake, your brain sends out signals to the rest of your brain telling it what's going on. 

When you're in REM sleep, the thalamus, which is the part of the brain responsible for memory and learning, sends out a signal telling your brain what is going on in your brain.

Your brain interprets this signal and sends it back to your brain, which then sends it to your cortex, which interprets it and tells you what's happening in your head.



When your brain is awake, it sends out more signals, and your brain receives more
The Pirate Bay is not a pirate, it's a tracker. 

Torrenting is not stealing, it is merely pointing to the location of the file, which is not theft.

If you want to download something, you need permission from the copyright holder to do so, and if you don't have permission, you can't do it.
It's to prevent people from thinking that they are intruding on their property without a warrant.
There are. 

_URL_0_
Pianos are made up of a lot of different parts, and they are not all in tune at the same time. 

The most important part of a piano is the piano tuner.  The tuner is a piece of metal that is attached to the piano.  It has a mechanism that allows it to adjust the pitch of the notes it plays.  When it is in tune, the piano is playing at a certain pitch, and when it is out of tune, it is not playing at that pitch.
Film is made of gelatin.  The film is coated with silver halide crystals.  When you take a picture of a piece of film, you are exposing it to light.  This light is absorbed by one of the silver halides in the film.  

Digital cameras are made of a different material.  Digital cameras have a sensor that is much more sensitive to light than film, so they can capture more light at the same time.  So you can take a photo of the film and use it as a reference point for how much light you want to capture.
I'm not a professional photographer, but I'm an amateur photographer.  

Lenses are made of glass.  They are made to be very good at taking pictures, but they are not perfect.  If you want to take pictures of a lot of things, you need a good wide angle lens.  You need to be able to get a wide angle of view, which means that you need to have a wide range of focal lengths to get the best image quality.  The longer the focal length, the better the image quality, and the wider the aperture.  This means that if you want
When you spray compressed air, you're changing the temperature of the air, which causes it to lose heat. 

When you're not changing the air temperature, it doesn't lose any heat, it just gets colder.
Radar uses radar to measure the speed of the air.

Radar is a very good way to measure air speed, but it's not the best way to detect turbulence. 

You can measure turbulence by looking at how fast the air is moving and measuring the amount of light that passes through it.
When you delete something on your phone, it marks the space occupied by the file as reusable (removes the pointer to the file) without immediately removing any of its contents. The space can then be used, or overwritten, with data from other files or other programs.
Mental illness is not a disease, it's a condition. It's a state of mind. 

Mental illnesses are caused by a variety of things, but one of the most common is a belief in a higher power.

For example, if you have a mental illness, and you are a Christian, you believe that Jesus is the Son of God, and if you are not a Christian you will not be able to go to heaven.  This is a very common belief, and it is not uncommon for people with mental illnesses to believe that they are actually God.
The dangers of using The Pirate Bay are twofold:

1. It's a torrenting site. 

2. It can be used to download copyrighted material without permission from the copyright holder.

Torrenting is illegal in most countries.  It's not illegal in the US, but it's illegal in a lot of other countries.
You can swim out of a ball of water in zero gravity, as in the Passengers trailer. 

The problem is that the water in the trailer is not neutral buoyant.  You are not floating in neutral buoyancy, you are floating in water that is buoyant but not weightless.
Abduction is the taking of a person against their will.

Kidnapped is when a person is taken by force.
Calculators do not store numbers in binary, they store them in decimal. 

If you want to know how many digits to use, you need to know the number of digits in the decimal system.

When you enter a number, the computer will tell you how many numbers to store, and then it will calculate how to divide by that number. 


This is done by multiplying the number by the number stored in the binary system, and multiplying it by the value stored in binary.  This is done using the fact that binary is a binary system and binary numbers are binary numbers.
The marginal tax rate is the difference between what you pay in taxes and what the government owes you in taxes. 

If you earn $100,000 a year, and you pay $50,000 in taxes, the government will owe you $10,000.

But if you earn a million dollars a year and you don't pay taxes on it, you'll pay $20,000, and the government won't owe you any taxes.
I think it has something to do with the way they are trained to speak. 

When you watch a play, you see a lot of actors talking in a certain way.  They are trained in a specific way, and they are used to it.  It's not that they don't talk in any other way, it's just that they have been trained to talk in a particular way.

For example, when I was in high school, I had a friend who was an actor.  He told me that when he was on stage, he would take a deep breath and hold it for
There are two ways to get out of an elevator.

1. You can push the down button and the elevator will stop moving. 

2. If you push the up button and it stops moving, the doors will open and you can get out.
Daft Punk are a French electronic music band. They are best known for their electronic dance music, but they are also known as a band of drummers, bassists, and guitarists. 

They are known for playing a variety of instruments, and they are known to be able to improvise and improvise on stage.

In their videos, they are often seen playing with a drum kit, which is basically a drum machine.  They also have a guitar, which they use to play their instruments.  The drum kit is usually equipped with a microphone, which allows them to play a variety
It depends on the situation. 

If the hostage is being held by a terrorist, the hostage taker may not want the police to know that they are being held.  They may want to be able to use the police as a bargaining chip to get them to give up the hostages.  If they do not want to do that, then they will release the hostages and let the police go.

But if they do want to keep the hostages, they will have to let them go.
It would be better for them to be kept at body temperature, but it would be too cold for the cells to be able to survive. 

It's cheaper to store them in liquid nitrogen than it is to keep them in body temperature.
It's called "recycled" animation. 

Basically, the animators re-use the original drawings to make new ones.

For example, if you want to animate a character's hair, you can use the original animation to make a new one.
The grass has a chemical called urushiol that binds to your skin, which causes it to itch.
I think it has to do with the fact that when a game is first released, it's still being made by the same people who made it. 

It's not like they're making a new game, they're just re-releasing the same old game.
I'm not an expert on the subject, but I'll try my best to explain it.

The UK is a union between the UK and Scotland.  The UK was formed in the 17th century, and Scotland was part of the UK until the 18th century.  Scotland is part of England, Wales, and Northern Ireland.  

Scotland has been in the UK since 1803, and has been a member of the United Kingdom since 1801.  Since then, it has been devolved to the Scottish Parliament, which is the same as the UK Parliament in England and Wales.
He's a comedian. 

He's funny, but he's also smart.  He knows how to make people laugh, and he's got a good sense of humor.  It's not obvious to most people, but it's obvious to him.
The federal government doesn't want it to be legal in Texas.  It's a federal issue, not a state issue.
Electricity comes from the sun.

Fossil fuels don't come from fossil fuels, they come from the earth's crust.
I think it's because the conductor is off beat, or ahead of beat, his hits come in sooner than the music hits, is frustrating to watch
Some people are happy and loving drunks while others are angry and mean
The molecules themselves are only 3-atoms long. 

They are not visible on a macro level because they are too small to be seen by the human eye.
A record is a collection of data. 

For example, if you have a list of all the people you have ever met, you can keep track of who they are, what they look like, where they are from, and how long they have been with you, and so on.

If you want to know how long someone has been in a relationship with you for, say, 10 years, you could look at the list of people you've ever met and see how many times they've had sex with each other and how often they have had sex, and if you look at that list,
It's not that it's hard to go back to the moon, it's that we don't have the resources to do it. 

We've spent billions of dollars building a base on the moon.  It's not like we're building a moon base that's going to last forever.
Mainframe computers were very large and very expensive. They were designed to handle very high volume input and output (I/O) and emphasize throughput computing. 

The mainframe was designed to be able to handle a lot of data at a time, so it was very hard to keep up with the demands of a large number of people.

Mainframes were also very expensive to maintain, so they were often kept in a data center, which is where all of the data is stored. This meant that the mainframe had to be connected to a network of other computers, which meant that it had to
When you're speaking, your voice is vibrating through your skull. Your skull conducts lower frequencies better than air, so when you're singing, your vocal cords are vibrating in a different way than when you speak.

When you sing, you're vibrating your larynx, which is the part of your throat that controls the sound waves that travel through your head. When you're recording your voice, it's vibrating the same way your skull does.
The Supreme Court declared that the buffer zone was unconstitutional because it was an unconstitutional infringement on the First Amendment because it blocked peaceful protest on public streets.
Liquor is a type of distilled spirits. Liqueurs are made by adding sweeteners and other flavoring to the alcohol to make it taste different. 

A liqueur is made by infusing certain woods, fruits, or flowers in either water or water or both, and then adding a sweetener to the mixture to make a drink.
It depends on the service.  

Reddit, for example, allows you to make your account inactive for 30 days after you die.  If you don't want your account to be active, you can choose to make it inactive.

Twitter, on the other hand, lets you choose to have your account permanently deleted after 30 days.  This is because they want you to be able to interact with your friends and family.  They also want to make sure that no one else has access to your account.
I think it has to do with perspective.

When you draw a straight line, you're drawing from the perspective of the object you're trying to draw. If you look at something from a distance, you can't draw straight lines because you're looking at it from a different perspective. 

If you draw from a point in the middle of the picture, you'll see that the lines are curved.  If you draw them straight, you will see that they're not curved at all.
You can push start a manual car, but it requires the car to be in neutral before you can start it.  

An automatic car has a vacuum servo that connects the engine to the drive shafts and gearbox.  When you push the clutch, you are disengaging the engine from the powertrain.  This disengages the power from the engine, which is why you can't push start an automatic car.
There are benefits to the population of big banks.

1. Big banks have the ability to lend money to people who don't have access to it. 

2. They are able to lend more money to small businesses, which allows them to grow their businesses. 


3. They can lend more to people with less money, which makes them more likely to be able to pay back their loans.



4. They have the opportunity to invest more in the future, which means that they have more money available to invest in things like real estate, which is a good thing.
When you close your eyes, your brain sends a signal to your inner ear telling it that there is something wrong with your eardrum. Your brain interprets this signal as a low frequency rumbling sound, which is what you hear.
Bats are the only land mammals native to New Zealand.  There are a few small mammals, but they are mostly insects.

Cats, dogs, and donkeys are also native to the island.
When you're hungry, your body releases a hormone called ghrelin. Ghrelin is a hormone that causes your stomach to contract, which causes you to feel hungry. When you're not hungry, you don't feel hungry, but when you are, your stomach contractions cause your blood sugar to drop, which makes you feel hungry and makes you want to eat.
It's not that the US has so many nuclear weapons, it's that they are the most powerful country in the world. 

In the Cold War, the US was the only country with nuclear weapons.  After the US dropped the atomic bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki, the Soviets started to build up their nuclear forces.  The US felt that this was a threat to their national security, so they decided to build their own nuclear weapons as well.

Russia, on the other hand, felt the same way.  They felt that they were being threatened by the US, and so they started to
Crohn's, Celiac, and Restless Leg are not prevalent in other countries. 

Celiac is a very common disease in the US, but it is very rare in other parts of the world.
When you have a lot of air in your lungs and don't let it out fast enough, your diaphragm constricts, which causes you to feel uncomfortable.
The VA is a federal agency.  It is a government agency, not a private company.  

The VA was created by Congress, not the President.  The VA is run by the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), which is a department of the federal government.  This means that the VA is part of the Federal Government.

There are a lot of things that go wrong with the VA.  One of the things that went wrong was the VA's hiring and firing practices.  They hired people who were not qualified for the job, and they fired people who weren't qualified.
I'm from the UK and we all seem to love them.
Spaghetti is made of fat and water. When it is cooked, the water evaporates from the pasta, leaving it with a thin layer of fat, which is the reason it breaks into three pieces.
Employees are expected to give a two week notice prior to leaving their job, whereas employers are able to terminate employees without notice.
I think it's because physics is a very practical field. 

If you want to know how to build a computer, you need to be able to program it.

Engineering, on the other hand, is a more abstract field, and requires a lot more conceptual understanding of the world around you than computer science. 

 >  Why do people usually need to take physics to learn computer science and engineering?

Because it's a practical field, not a theoretical one.
Some people are against efficiency and the environment because they believe that efficiency is bad for the environment. 

Some people believe that the environment is good for the economy, but not for the people.
Vegetables are edible because they contain seeds. 

Candy, on the other hand, is edible because it contains sugar.
It's called an itch-scratch cycle. 

When you itch, your body releases histamine, which is a chemical that makes your skin itch.  When you scratch, your skin releases more histamines, which makes it itch.
I think it has to do with the way the meat is processed. 

Beef and pork are processed differently than chicken and turkey.

When you cook a piece of beef, you are removing the fat from the meat, which is what gives it its distinctive taste.  When you cook pork, you remove the fat, which gives it it's distinctive flavor.  The same thing happens with chicken.  It's the same reason why you can't taste chicken when you eat it raw, it's the fat that makes it taste different.
It doesn't slow down radioactive decay, but it does slow down the rate at which it happens. 

If you're talking about the decay rate of a radioactive atom, it depends on the amount of energy it has left in it. If it's a heavy atom, the rate of decay is much lower, but if it's an electron, it's much higher.
A PLEX server is a server that is designed to be able to host a lot of data.  

Think of it like a database server.  It can store all of your data on a single server, and it can be used to store it in a single location.  For example, if you want to store a bunch of data on one server, you can store it on a server in the cloud, but you can't store it all on the server itself.

So, you need to have a way to store all the data on that server, so that you can access it
Your veins are much thinner than your arteries. They don't contract in the same way as the arteries do, so they don't have the same amount of space for blood to drain out.
We can't convert any object with mass into desired energy.

We can convert energy into kinetic energy, but it's not the same as energy. 

Think of it like this:

Imagine you have a piece of metal, and you want to turn it into energy. You put it on a scale, and measure how much energy it takes to move it, and then you put it back on the scale and measure the amount of kinetic energy it uses to move the metal. You can see that the metal is moving, but you can't see how much kinetic energy is being converted into energy,
Reddit's comment system works so well because it's a social network. 

YouTube is known for having terrible comments.
Scientology is a religious organization founded by L. Ron Hubbard in the 70s.  They believe that they are the only true religion.  

Scientology was founded by Hubbard because he wanted to create a religion that would allow him to control the world.  He wanted to make it so that he could control everything.  So he wrote a book called The Church of Scientology.  The book was written in the early 70s, and was written by Hubbard himself.  It was written as a response to a group of people who wanted to be able to control their own lives.  Hubbard wanted to
Your testicles are made up of a bunch of muscle fibers. When you cough, your diaphragm pushes them down into your throat, which causes them to contract.
I think it's because your brain has a hard time articulating your reasoning. You can make snap decisions, but it's very hard to articulate your reasoning in a way that makes sense to others.
I think it's because when you say "I think that" you're conveying that you're not 100% sure of the answer. 

It's like saying "I know that" when you're 100% certain you know the answer, but you don't know what the answer is.
A router is an internetworking device that forwards data packets between networks by processing the routing information included in the packet or datagram (Internet protocol information from layer 3).

A modem is a computer that connects to the internet. 

Wifi is a wireless network that connects your computer to other computers.

An IP address is the IP address of your computer.  It's the address of all the computers on your network.  If you want to connect to a computer on another network, you need to send a packet of data to it.  The IP address tells the computer which computer to connect
It's called "flicker" and it's caused by the fact that your eyes are not used to seeing the same thing at the same time. 

Your eyes are used to looking at a single image at a time, and when you move your eyes from one frame to the next, your brain is able to tell the difference between the two images.

When you move the screen, the pixels in the image are moving at different rates, and your brain tells your brain that the image is moving at a different rate than the image in the previous frame.  This causes the image to appear to be
It depends on a number of factors.

1. The government can shut down the internet because they don't want people to be able to access the internet. 

2. They can shut off access to the internet in order to prevent people from accessing the internet, such as because the government doesn't want the internet to be used by people who are protesting against the government.
Skiing is a very physical activity. It requires a lot of energy, and it takes a long time for the equipment to be groomed and groomed.

Ski resorts have to be able to keep up with the demand for skiers and snowboarders. They also have to keep their facilities up and running.
I'm not a doctor, but I think it has to do with scheduling. 

A doctor's office is a very busy place.  They have a lot of patients coming in to see them, and they have to keep track of all of them.  If they are running late, it's because they don't have enough staff to keep up with all of the people coming in.
Your body knows where your pain is located because it sends signals to your brain. 

When you get a sharp pain, your brain sends a signal to your nociceptors, the part of your brain that controls your sense of touch, which tells your brain where the pain is.
It's an anti-spam measure, but how does it help?
I used to drink coffee and it never kept me up at night. I recently got a concussion and now everytime I drink coffee it takes a good 12 hours to calm down.
You should wash your teeth as soon as you wake up or after breakfast.

If you brush your teeth before you eat, it will remove plaque and bacteria.
I think it's because when you crack your knuckles, you're manipulating the synovial fluid in the joint, which is the fluid that surrounds the joint. When you do this, it causes the fluid to expand, which creates a vacuum, which causes the bubbles inside the joint to collapse, creating a popping sound.
I think it has to do with the number of cars at the intersection. 

If there are two cars at a red light and one at a green light, the red light will be flashing at the same rate/tempo as the green light.

But if there are only two cars on the green and one on the red, then the green will be the same speed/temperament as the red.
When you are in a fit of laughter, your muscles contract and contract in a way that causes you to lose control of your muscles. This is called cataplexy, and it is caused by a sudden change in the electrical activity in the brain that causes the muscles to contract. 

When the muscles contract, the electrical signals are sent to the brainstem, which is the part of the brain responsible for controlling emotions. When they contract, they stop working.

This causes the brain to release a chemical called histamine (which is a neurotransmitter that is released by the brain when it is excited
The United States was founded in the 17th century as a colony of the British Empire.  

The British Empire was a very large and powerful empire.  It had a lot of land, lots of slaves, and lots of money.

During the 18th and 19th centuries, the United States developed a very strong industrial economy.  The US was able to produce a lot more goods and services than other countries.  They were able to export those goods to the rest of the world because they were cheap and cheap to produce.  In fact, the US was the only country in the world
Your eyes are sensitive to UV and UV light. UV light causes damage to the cornea, which is the part of your eye that controls your vision. When you look at the sun, the light from the sun hits your cornea and damages it.
North Korea is a nuclear power. They have nuclear weapons, they have a nuclear submarine, and they have nuclear missiles that can hit any country in the world. 

The US and South Korea have a deal with North Korea that allows them to sell oil to North Korea, and North Korea will sell them to South Korea in exchange for a certain amount of money.
They don't enforce speed limits.  They don't have to enforce them.  The FAA does, but it's not enforced by the FAA.  It's enforced by air traffic control.
I'm not sure what you mean by "primitive". 

There are a lot of different types of people, and they are found all over the world.

I think it's a bit of a myth that the Nordic people were the only ones from Africa.  They are found in many parts of the world, just not in Africa.
We don't use fast chargers for all phones/laptops/tablets because they are too expensive.  

We use them for phones and laptops because they have a higher capacity battery.  They are faster because they do not require as much power to recharge.
It depends on the context. 

The "N" word is used in the context of the show.  It's used in a scene where a character is talking about sex.  If the character uses the word, it's considered to be profane.

If the character doesn't use it, then it's not profane, but if the character does, then the word is considered obscene.
I think it's because of the color of the apples. 

Lime is a soft, soft, sweet fruit, and green apples are a hard, bitter, sour fruit.

It's not that it's a bad fruit, it's just that it has a sour taste.
It's not "instant", it's just that it's easier to prepare. 

When we first started microwaving, we used to cook things in the oven, but we didn't have the technology to cook them in the microwave, so we had to use the oven to cook the food.

Modern food processing technology developed in the 19th and 20th centuries was developed in a large part to serve military needs. We were able to make things that were hard to cook in the past, like bread, and we could make them easy to prepare in the same way.
Brick is stronger than wood, and it's cheaper to use.  It's also more durable than wood.
Yes, they can be afraid of the dark. 

It's not that they can't see, it's that they don't know how to use their other senses to tell the difference between light and dark.
They are moved to zoos because they are not native to the area they are being moved to. 

If they are found in the wild, they will be released back into the wild.
Lumberjack muscles are made of muscle fibers. 

Muscles made in the gym are made up of a lot of different types of muscle.  They are made from different materials, and they are made in different ways.  For example, when you work out, you are using muscles from different parts of your body.  When you are working out, your muscles are being used by the muscles in your head.  You are not using the muscles that are used by your hands.  The muscles you use in your hands are not being used in the same way.  Your hands are used to make
The FBI doesn't have the resources to set up a fake deep web account and hire hitmen. They don't even have the manpower to do it.
It's a safety thing. 

When you plug a plug into a wall outlet, the ground pin of the plug is on the negative side of the outlet, and the positive side on the other side.  If you plug two pronged plugs into the same outlet at the same time, you will get a ground pin that is not grounded to the ground.

If you plug the plug into the outlet one way, you can't get the ground pins to be grounded.  The ground pin is the one that connects the two prongs, and if you plug them in the opposite direction, you
Nerves are made up of myelin, which is a thin layer of protein that protects the nerves from damage. When the nerve is severed, the myelin is damaged, and the nerves can no longer be connected to the rest of the body. 

When the nerves are reattached, they can still be connected, but they are not as strong as they were before.
I think it has to do with the fact that republican/democrat are the two most popular party names in the US.

If you're not registered to vote, you can't vote for a republican or a democrat, but you can register to vote for any party. 

It's also to prevent people from registering to vote on the wrong day.  If you're registered on the day of the election, but don't show up at the polls, you won't be able to vote.
Coffee or tea does not count as drinking a lot of water. It is a calorie-free, fat free, sugar-free thirst quencher that is essential to your body's metabolic functions. 

If you drink a ton of coffee or tea, you are not drinking enough water to maintain a healthy weight.
Asparagus contains asparagusic acid, which is a naturally occurring chemical that is produced by the digestive tract. 

It is produced in your urine by your digestive tract, but it is not produced by your kidneys.

Your body breaks down the acid into a bunch of different chemicals that are released into your urine, and these chemicals are then released into the air.  These chemicals are released by your liver and kidneys, which are the ones responsible for producing the smell. 


There are other foods that do this too, but they are not as well known.
Yes, they can arrest you for shoplifting. 

If you're in a store that's not in the mall, you're not breaking the law.  You're just in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Bicycles have a spring connecting the front fork to the frame to provide a progressive torque that tends to steer the front wheel straight ahead. 

When you are stationary, the spring is pulling the bike in the same direction as the ground.  When you are moving forward, you are pushing the spring away from the ground, which causes the bike to go in the opposite direction.

The spring is also pulling the rear wheel in a different direction than the front.  This causes the wheel to turn to one side, and the bike will lean to the other.  If you are riding a bike,
They don't. 

They're not tilting.  They're tilting because they're using a counterweight system.  The weight of the crane is equal to the weight of each of the cranes' wheels.  If you're talking about a crane on a wheel, it's because the crane's weight is the same as the wheel's weight.

If you want to lift more than a few tons, you need to rotate the crane so that the weight is evenly distributed across the wheels, and the crane doesn't tilt.  This means that the crane can lift a lot more than
I don't know for sure, but I think it has something to do with the way the brain is divided up. The left side of the brain controls the language center and the right side controls the motor center, so the left hand tends to be more dominant than the right.
If you're a citizen of country A and you shoot and kill someone in country B, you will be tried in the other country.  

If you are not a citizen, and you cross the border between countries A and B, then you will not be extradited to either country.
Golf scoring works like this:

1. You play a round of golf, and you shoot a score of 72 strokes.

2. You have a score sheet, which tells you how many holes you played, and how many points you earned. 

3. You count the number of strokes you played in each round, and the score of each hole you played. 


4. You subtract 1 from your score sheet for every hole you play, so you get a total of 72 points

5. If you win a hole, you get 1 point.
6. If
The body is taken to the morgue, and the body is prepared for burial. 

The body will be wrapped in a blanket and placed in a plastic bag.  The body will then be taken to a local mortuary, where it will be embalmed and prepared for cremation.
Our eyes have a double-slit pupil, which allows light to pass through the lens and into our eyes. 

A camera lens has a single slit in the back of the lens, which lets light pass through, but not through the iris, which is the part of the eye that focuses the light.

Our eyes can focus on objects in the air, but our eyes can't focus on things in the water.
AT & T Next and T-Mobile Jump work by giving you the option to buy a new phone at the same price as the old one, but with a contract that says you can upgrade your phone up to 2 times per year. 

This means that you don't have to wait 6 months to get the new phone, and you can get it immediately.
A tube amplifier is a type of amplifier that uses vacuum tubes to amplify the sound. 

A vacuum tube is a tube that has a small amount of air in it.  The air in the tube acts as a conductor, and the air in a tube is an electric field.  When you plug a tube into an amp, the air inside the tube becomes a conductor.  This is what makes the tube sound like it's vibrating.

When you plug an amp into a tube, you are using a vacuum tube to create a sound wave.  If you plug in a coil of wire,
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it has something to do with the fact that ADHD medications are Schedule 2 controlled substances, which means that they have to be tested and approved by the FDA before they can be prescribed to you. 

This means that the FDA has to approve the drug, and then the drug company has to fill the prescription, which takes a long time.
Olympus Mons is not a supervolcano, it's a volcano.  It's more like a volcano that's sitting on the edge of the Earth's crust.  If it were to erupt, it would cause a lot of damage, but it wouldn't be enough to cause a mass extinction.
It's not the wind, it's the lanyard. 

When the wind is steady, the wind blows the flag in the same direction as the flag pole, but when the wind changes direction, the flag will wobble.
The U.S. does not have universal healthcare. 

It's not that we don't have universal health care, it's that we do not have enough people to pay for it.

There are a lot of people in the US who don't get health insurance, and many of them don't even have health insurance at all.
I think it's because he was a genius. 

He was the first artist to use a lot of color in his work.  He was also one of the first artists to use color in a way that made it seem like it was real.  It's the same reason why he was able to sell so many paintings in the 70s and 80s.
I don't know the answer to this, but I think it has something to do with the way your brain works. 

When you are born, your brain has a lot of sensory input from your eyes, ears, nose, mouth, tongue, and ears.  Your brain has to process all of these inputs in order to make sense of the world around you.

If you don't have any of those inputs, you can't understand what's going on around you, so your brain doesn't know how to process what's happening around you in the water.
Cement is a very strong material.  It's not as strong as asphalt, but it's strong enough to hold up to the weight of a lot of people walking on it.

It's also a very durable material, so it can withstand a lot more abuse than asphalt.
Cancer is caused when the immune system is over-burdened. 

Cancer cells are made up of many different types of cells, some of which have mutations that cause them to become cancerous.  Some of these mutations occur in the DNA of the cancerous cells, and some of them occur in other parts of the body.

When your immune system detects a foreign cell, it sends a signal to the rest of your body telling it that it is a cancerous cell, and it will try to kill it.  This is called an immune response.  When the immune response is
Languages from far away cultures have similarities because they share a lot of the same things. 

Language is a collection of things that are related to each other.  For example, if you have a language that is similar to English, but not the same as English, then you can say that English is related to English.

If you have two languages that are different from each other, but are related in some way, then they share some things. For instance, if two languages have the same language, they can say the same thing, but English is a different language from English, and English is
Because he didn't want to go to jail for leaking classified information.

He didn't think he would be able to get away with it if he went public.
It depends on the language. 

For example, if you're from the US, your first name is likely to be Joe, and your last name is probably Joe.

If you are from the UK, your name is most likely to have a different spelling, so your name will be pronounced differently.
I'm not an expert on medieval army ranks, but I'm going to try to do my best to give you a basic understanding of what they were.

Sergeant is the lowest rank in the army, meaning that you are responsible for the care of the armory, weaponry and ammunition within a company. 

Furir is the highest rank, meaning you are the commander of a company, and is responsible for all the administrative and administrative duties of the company, as well as the upkeep of the weapons and equipment within the company.
You would suffer from "Ship Lag" if you were to fly in a spaceship. 

It's caused by changes in the pressure in the cabin.  When you're in a plane, the cabin pressure changes during ascent and descent to the majority of airports, which are at low altitudes.

When you're on a spaceship, the pressure inside the cabin changes as well.  It's not as high as it is in the plane, but it's still high enough to cause you to feel the effects of jetlag.
It's not really "throwing [your] vote away", it's just that you're not voting for the party you want to vote for. 

The Green Party is a party that wants to change the way the electoral system works.  They want to limit the amount of money that can be put into politics, and they want to put a limit on the number of people who can vote for a party.

This means that if you vote for the Green Party, you're voting for a candidate that doesn't want to change how the system works, and that means that they're not going to
There is no universal "code" language. 

There are a lot of languages, but they are all different enough to have their own "language" that they can be used in different contexts.

For example, if you want to write a program in English, you need to know how to write it in German, Spanish, French, Portuguese, and so on.  But if you are writing it in a language that doesn't have those languages, you have to learn how to translate the code into those languages.
Ads are stored on the server, not the internet itself. 

When you watch a video, the server has to send the video to your computer, and the computer has to transmit it to you.

The video is being transmitted at a certain bitrate, which means that it has to be sent at the same bitrate as your internet connection. If you have a poor connection, the video will be sent to you at a lower bitrate than your connection can handle. 


The problem is that the server doesn't know what bitrate to send, so it sends the video at a
A 401k is a tax-free retirement account.  It's basically a savings account that you can put money into and then withdraw tax free.

A 7702 is a Roth 401k.  The difference between a 401k and a Roth IRA is that income contributed to the Roth version is taxable in the year it is earned, but income distributed to the traditional version is not.  This means that you pay taxes on the money you put into the 401k, but you don't pay tax on the income you take out of it.
It's because they were shot on color film. 

Back in the 70's and 80's, film was shot in black and white.  It was cheaper to make color than it is now, so the studios decided to use it.
They don't get sued for selling knock-off toys because they don't want to pay licensing fees.

If they do get sued, they have to prove that they are infringing on the trademark of the manufacturer.
We invaded Iraq for the oil. 

We invaded because we were told that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction, and that if we invaded, we would be able to get rid of them.

The problem is that we didn't have any evidence that he had any such weapons, and there was no reason for us to invade.
Hypnosis is a form of brainwashing. 

When you are hypnotized, your brain shuts down.  It's like when you're in a deep sleep.  You're not aware of what's going on around you, but you're not conscious of your surroundings either.  Your brain is in a state of unconsciousness.

If you're under hypnosis, it's like you're being hypnotized by someone else.  They're talking to you in a way that you can't hear, and they're telling you things that you don't want to hear.  If you're
I think it's just time. 

The US and England have been in a state of flux for a long time.

In the 70s and 80s, the UK had a lot of problems with the US over the Vietnam War, and the Cold War. The UK was a lot more hostile to the US than the US was to the UK at the time, and it was a big deal for the US to get involved in the Vietnam war.
A preservative is a substance or a chemical that is added to products such as food, beverages, pharmaceutical drugs, paints, biological samples, cosmetics, wood, and many other products to prevent decomposition by microbial growth or by undesirable chemical changes. 

For example, salt is used to prevent bacteria and fungi from growing in food.

Sodium nitrate is used in salted meats to prevent botulism, and sodium nitrate in sausages to prevent salmonella from growing.
It's not "easy" for us to send a man to the moon now, but it is easy to send an unmanned spacecraft to orbit the moon, and it's easy to land a crew on the moon. 

There are a lot of things we need to do to get there, but the easiest thing is to get to the surface of the moon and back safely.
Plague is caused by the same bacterium that causes the flu. It's called Y.P. pestis, and it's a pneumonic form of the disease.

Plague has been extinct for hundreds of years, but it's been re-emerging in the last few years due to a variety of reasons. 

One of the main reasons is that it's spread by fleas. The fleas are the main hosts of the bacteria, but they're not the only hosts. There are many other species of fleas that can be the hosts of plague, and they can also be
Redshirting is when a student-athlete is not allowed to play in any games during their first year of college. 

The reason for this is because the NCAA has a limit of 4 years of eligibility.  If a player plays through one entire season as a redshirt, that season does not count toward their limit of eligibility to play college football; in rare circumstances, usually stemming from major injuries, a player may be granted a second redshirt year.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'll try my best to explain it.

In the Middle Ages, there was no electricity, so cooking was done on an open hearth in the middle of the main living area, to make efficient use of the heat. This was the most common arrangement, even in wealthy households, where the kitchen was separate from the great hall due to the smoke from cooking fires and the chance the fires may get out of control. The fireplace was typically on the floor, placed at a wall—sometimes raised a little bit—such that one had to kneel to
If one conjoined twin commits a crime, do they both go to jail? Or what?
It's not random. 

There is a method and a science to go with it.

It's called the [Gestalt principle](_URL_0_).

Basically, when you look at a picture, your brain interprets it as if it's a picture of a person.  You can see that the person is standing in front of a tree, and the tree is behind them.  If you take a close-up picture of the tree, you'll notice that the tree looks like it's moving.  This is because your brain is interpreting the picture as a picture
It's called a [RISC](_URL_0_) bootloader.  It's a piece of software that's written into the BIOS (bootloader).  When you boot up your computer, it's trying to find the files that are stored on the hard drive.  When it finds those files, it writes them into memory, which is then loaded into the computer's memory.

When it's done, it makes a series of beeps and clicks.  These beeps are caused by the computer trying to read the data from the disk.  If it's not able to, it
Carbon is an ideal building block for life as we know it because it has the ability to form many chemical bonds with other atoms. Carbon is the fourth most abundant element in the universe and the energy required to make or break a bond is at just the appropriate level for building molecules which are not only stable, but also reactive.
There are so many vitamins and supplements that are just sugar pills, how can we tell which are real?
You can pay the fine, but you can't keep paying the fine. 

If you're a rich person, you can legally park in "no parking" spaces, but if you don't have a permit, you're not allowed to park in them.
The "Clean & White" setting is for brushing your teeth.  The "Clean" and "White" settings are for cleaning and polishing.
Interest rates are a measure of how much money you have in your bank account. 

When you have a low interest rate, you can borrow more money, which means that you can buy things at a lower interest rate.
It's not rounded fractions, it's rounded fractions of pennies.

In the United States, pennies are denominated in "milles", which means "thousandths of a cent".
Nuclear submarines are designed to be stealthy. 

They can't be seen by the surface, so they don't need to be detected.  They can be detected by sonar, but they're not visible to the surface.

The only way to detect a submarine is to send out a distress signal.  This is done by using sonar.  If the signal is picked up by a surface ship, it can tell the surface ship that there's a submarine in the area, and if it's detected by a ship on the surface it can send out distress signals to the submarine.
Genetic changes can mean a lot of different things. 

For example, if you have a mutation that causes a mutation in a gene that allows you to produce a certain type of protein, you can pass it on to your offspring, but if you don't have that mutation, your offspring will not be able to produce that protein.

If you have an allele that causes the mutation to occur, then you can't pass it along to the offspring, and the offspring will be unable to produce the protein, and so they will die out. This is called "inbreeding depression".

This is
It doesn't. 

It's called a pseudo-random generator.  It's basically a computer program that generates a random number.

Imagine you have a piece of code that has a string of numbers.  If you write a function that takes a string and returns a number, it will generate a random string.  But if you write another function that returns a string with the same number as the first one, it won't generate the same string, and it will return a string that is the same as the one that was generated before.  So if you run the code again, you'll
When you get a cold, your immune system sends out a bunch of antibodies to fight the infection. These are called cytokines, which are proteins that are produced by your body to fight off the virus. These cytokines are released by the body's immune system, but they are also produced by the immune system itself.

So when you get sick, your body is sending out a lot of cytokines to try and kill the virus before it can spread to other parts of your body. 

This is why you get flu-like symptoms when you have a cold. Your body is trying to kill the
I think it's because men and women have different physical requirements for different jobs. 

Firefighting is a job that requires a lot of strength and endurance.  It's a job where you need to be able to carry heavy loads and carry heavy equipment.  Women are not as strong as men, so they don't have to do as much physical training.
Allergy medicine is not an anti-histemine.  It is an antileukotriene.  

Epinephrine (adrenaline) is an antihistamine.  When you take epinephrine, your body releases histamine, which is a hormone that causes your body to release histamine.

When you take antihistamines, the body produces histamine and leukotrienes, which are proteins that cause your body's immune system to fight off an allergen.  These proteins are called eosinophils, and they are responsible for the
I think it has to do with the fact that we don't want our children to grow up thinking that swearing is a bad thing. It's a way to keep them from doing bad things.
They are top level domains.

The first level is.com, the second is.net, the third is.gov, and the fourth is.org.
The Roman Empire was founded by Julius Caesar, who was the first emperor of the Roman Republic. 

He was the founder of the Republic, which was a form of government that was based on the idea that the people should be able to choose who they wanted to rule, and the government should be run by the people, not the government.

After he died, there was a civil war between the plebeians (commoners) and the patricians (aristocrats), who were the ruling class. The civil war led to the creation of the Principate, which is a sort of monarchy
We have telescopes powerful enough to look into other galaxies, why has it taken so long to get clear images of Pluto?
I think it's because the car is moving faster than the insect. 

If you were to hit a flying insect with a car, it would be thrown backwards, but if you hit a car with an insect, you would be hitting it with the car, and the car would be moving at the same speed as the fly.
Headaches are caused by tension in the brain. When you wake up from a nap, your body is trying to get rid of tension in your head. It's called a tension headache.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'll try to explain. 

Sandra Brown was found beaten to death in her Brooklyn apartment.  She was not wearing a shirt, she was naked, and she was covered in blood.  The police were not able to find any evidence that she was alive when she was found.  They were able to identify her because she was wearing a sweatshirt.  This was the first time they had ever seen a picture of a dead person.  It was a shock to the system.

The police were also able to determine that she had
It's impossible to have a score of 850. 

Your credit score is based on how much you owe and how long you have been able to pay it off.  If you have a bad credit score, you can't get a loan.

If you have good credit, you get a better score.  You can get a car loan, get a mortgage, get an auto loan, etc.  



If your credit score isn't good enough, you don't qualify for any of those things.
It's called aphasia. It's caused by damage to the part of the brain responsible for hearing that controls speech. 

It can be caused by a variety of things, but the most common cause is hearing loss.

When a person is born deaf, they have a hole in their ear that causes them to not be able to hear. This hole is so large that it can't be repaired, and it takes a long time for the hole to heal.
The golden ratio is an irrational number.

It's a result of Pythagoras and Euclid, who discovered that if you divide a number by itself, you get the same result as if you multiply it by itself. 

Euclid proved this by using the Pythagorean theorem, which states that if two numbers are equal to 1, they are equal, and if they aren't, they're equal to 0.
Sour candy contains citric acid and sugar. 

When you eat sour candy, the acid dissolves in your tongue, which causes it to get sore.

Your tongue is used for crushing food against the hard palate, during mastication and manipulation and manipulation of food for softening prior to swallowing.  The acid in the sour candy causes your tongue to become sore.
I think it has to do with the fact that we are conditioned to see things like gore and blood and death as "natural" in the media. 

When you watch a horror movie, you are seeing a character being tortured, killed, and disfigured in a way that makes you want to run away from the scene. When you see a porno, you're seeing a person being sexually abused.

Gore and blood are used to create fear and shock, which is why they are used in horror movies.
There are a lot of different kinds of cables. 

The reason there are so many different types of cables is because they are all different in size, shape, and quality.

For example, if you want to connect a cable from one country to another country, you need to use a cable that is long enough to connect both ends of the cable to the other country.  This means that the cable has to be long enough so that it can be connected to both ends, and long enough that it is strong enough to be able to withstand the weight of the other end.  If you have a
There is a lot of variation in the quality of the tobacco used in cigarettes. 

For example, there are different types of tobacco that are used to make cigarettes.

Tobacco from different countries are grown in different places, and the quality varies from country to country.  For example, tobacco from the US is grown in the US, but tobacco from other countries can be grown in other countries.  This means that there is a difference in the taste and texture of the cigarettes.
The moon is visible during the day because it reflects a lot of light from the sun. The sun is bright enough that the moon's light reflects off of it, and the moon is also bright enough to reflect some of the light off of the clouds.
The smaller an animal is, the stronger they are for their size, and more able to survive a fall. 

Think of it like this:

If you're a human, you have a lot of muscles, but you're not as strong as you think you are.  If you're an elephant, you've got a lot more muscles than you do for your size.  You're also stronger than you are for your weight, so you're more likely to survive the fall.

Larger animals, on the other hand, have muscles that are designed to support their weight.  They
You have to go to _URL_0_

_URL_1_
An office chair is a type of desk chair that is designed for use at a desk in an office. It is usually a swivel chair, with a set of wheels for mobility and adjustable height. 

It has a seat that has four legs, which are attached to the back of the chair.  These four legs are connected to the seat, and the seat is attached to one of the four legs.

The seat is made out of a material that is made of a thin layer of plastic, which is very durable.  It is also made of plastic that is very strong and durable.
It's not possible to "defrost" a person who's died of hypothermia.

The heart can't be "warmed up" until the body is at a certain temperature. 

When the heart stops working, it stops pumping blood to the rest of the body.  This is called "cardioplegia".  It's caused by a chemical reaction between the heart and the blood vessels in the blood stream.  When the blood stops pumping, the aortic root of the heart is stopped.  The blood is stopped from being able to flow to the heart.
It's not illegal in Israel, but it is illegal in the eyes of the international community. 

It's illegal even in Israel's own eyes, because it's illegal for the Israeli government to give permission for private citizens to build settlements on public land.
Languages have been around for thousands of years. 

The reason they are so different is because of the way they evolved.

Languages are a product of a lot of different things.  The first thing that happens is that people start to speak different languages, and then they start to learn each other's language.  This is called *dialectalization*.

Language is a collection of words that are used to communicate with each other.  If two languages are speaking different languages they will have different grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation.  So if two languages speak different dialects, they
It's not stored in the nucleus of neurons, it's in the hippocampus. The hippocampus is located in the medial temporal lobe (subcortical), and is an area of the brain that is responsible for encoding and retrieval of memories.
It's because it's a pagan holiday. 

In ancient times, it was a holiday to celebrate the birth of Jesus.  It was the first day after Easter, which is the seventh Sunday in the Christian calendar.

It's also the last day of Lent, which falls on the 7th Sunday after Easter.  So it's the last Sunday before Easter.
The laws are enforced. 

There are laws against crimes against humanity, but they are not enforceable.  They are not enforced by the government, they are enforced by international law enforcement.
I think it has to do with the fact that the commentators have a very good sense of direction. They can see where the ball is and where the players are in the field. They also have a pretty good idea of where each player is in relation to each other.
It's not that Israel doesn't have nuclear weapons, it's that they don't want the world to know that they have them. 

They don't like the idea of being accused of having nuclear weapons.  They don't trust the international community to do anything about it.  It's not like they're the only country in the world with nuclear weapons or anything.
It's called an aphthous stomatitis. It's caused by inflammation in your tongue. It can be caused by bacteria, viruses, bacteria, or other diseases.
It's called a "flash crash".

Basically, the stock market is a collection of stocks that have been rising and falling at the same time for a long time.

When the market crashes, all the stocks in the index start to fall at once. 

This means that the value of all the stock is dropping at once, which is bad for everyone.
It's true that politicians use war for their own gains. 

But it's not true that they use it for the benefit of the people.

It is true that some politicians use it to promote their own interests, but it's also true that it's used to promote the interests of the country as a whole.
I'm not an expert on politics, but I'll try my best to explain it.

In the US, we have two branches of government: the executive and the legislative. The executive branch is the one that makes laws, and the legislature is the body that makes rules. The president is the head of the executive branch, and he/she is in charge of all the day-to-day operations of the government. The senate is the other branch of government, and it's the one responsible for making laws. The Senate is the place where all the laws are made, and they are the ones that
Being confident is a good way to attract someone, but it's also a bad way to sound arrogant. 

You can sound confident by saying things like, "I'm confident, but I'm not arrogant" or "I know what I'm doing" or something like that.

If you're not confident, you sound arrogant because you don't know what you're talking about.
When you squint at a light source, you're looking at it from a different angle than the one it's coming from. The light is coming from the same direction as your eye, but the angle of the light source is different. 

When you look at the light from a certain angle, the light is traveling at the same speed as the light coming from your eye.  If you are looking at the object from the other direction, you are seeing the light as it is coming at you from the opposite direction.

If you look straight at it, you will see the same thing.
There are no longer any popular all girl rock n' roll bands like there were in the 80's. 

It's not that there aren't any, it's just that they're not as popular as they used to be.
The point of a proof rating is not to measure the amount of alcohol in a product, it's to give you a rough estimate of how much alcohol is in the product. 

If you have a bottle of wine, and it's 100 proof, you can tell that it contains 100% of the alcohol by volume, but if you take it out of the bottle and pour it into a glass of water, you'll find that it's only 50% ABV.

The reason for this is because it's easier to estimate the alcohol content of a drink than it is to measure it by volume.
It's a myth. 

There is no scientific consensus that vaccines cause autism.

The theory is that vaccines contain thiomersal, which is a chemical that causes autism. This chemical is found in many vaccines, but it is not the cause of autism. It is a side effect of the vaccine.
The US is in 16.394 trillion dollars worth of debt and still be one of the richest countries/biggest economies?
The NHS bill is a bill to privatise the NHS.  

The idea behind the bill is that the government will give the NHS more control over how it is run.  The idea is that it will allow the NHS to be run more like a business, and that the private sector will be allowed to compete with the public sector.

Some people are opposed to this because they believe that the NHS is a public service, and they want to keep it that way.  They don't want it to be privatized because they don't think it will be able to provide the same level of care
Allergies cause your body to produce a lot of mucus, which is essential for breathing. When you get a cold, your body's immune system is trying to clear the mucus out of your sinuses, so it clogs them up.
Hugh Glass is made of ice.  He's body temperature is below zero degrees Celsius, so he's not going to freeze to death.
They don't get killed when they fall off. 

They land on their feet.  They land on the back of the board.  The board is designed to keep them from hitting the water.
Some animals have a wide variety of characteristics but still belong to the same species (ex. dog breeds) while other animals have very similar characteristics, but belong to separate species or subspecies (ex: galapagos tortoise, birds of paradise, etc.)
It's not a good idea. 

Alcohol is a diuretic and electrolyte replenishing drink.

If you drink enough of it, it will dehydrate your body and make it harder for you to get enough electrolytes.
It's a way for the company to incentivize the CEO to invest in the company's future.  

If the company is doing well, and the CEO is making a lot of money, they can use that money to buy more stock.  They can then use the money to hire more people, expand the company, and pay them more money.  If the company isn't doing so well, they don't need to buy as many shares as they would if they were.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm going to try to explain it as best I can. 

Your brain is divided into two parts, the left and the right. The left side of your brain is responsible for language processing. The right side of the brain is the part of your head responsible for thinking. When you hear a voice, it's your brain telling you that it's telling you to do something, or that you're doing something wrong, or you're not doing something right, etc.

When you're thinking, your brain tells you that you are doing something
Golfers use a diopter sight, which is a special type of binocular lens that has a wide field of view.  

When you look at a golf ball, you're looking at it from the front of your eye.  The distance between the front and back of your eyes is the same, but the distance between your eyes and the diopter is different.  When you're shooting a golf shot, your eyes are looking at the golf ball from a different angle, and your diopter sees the ball at the same distance as your eyes.  So, when you hit the ball,
The right to travel is a fundamental right of the US Constitution.

A driver's license is a license that is issued by the state, not the federal government.
They don't.  They don't know.  

The temperature of the plant determines when it will start blooming.  It's a chemical called florigen.  Florigen is produced in the leaves in reproductively favourable conditions and acts in buds and growing tips to induce a number of different physiological and morphological changes.
RedditSimulator is a game that simulates Reddit. 

It's basically a game where you have a bunch of different subreddits, and you have to interact with them all.

There are a lot of things you can do, but the most important thing is that you can interact with the subreddit itself.  You can comment, you can reply to other people's comments, and even you can post your own comments.  There are a few different ways to do this, but I'll try to break it down for you:

_URL_0_

1. Add a new subreddit
The color of blueberries is due to a chemical called anthocyanin. 

It's a pigment that is present in the inside of the berries, but not in the outside.

When you mash them, you're mixing the inside with the outside, and you're changing the color of the inside.
IMAX uses a 3D projector that uses a laser light source to project the image onto the screen. 

4:3 uses a 2K projector that projects the image to the screen at a higher resolution than the standard 4:3 projector.

3D uses a stereoscopic lens to project an image on the screen, which is then superimposed on top of the 4K image.
I think it's because we tend to group things we did at the same time together. 

For example, if you have a group of friends, and you all do the same thing, you can group them together.

But if you group things you did at different times, you're grouping them in a way that makes it easier to remember.
Word files are written in a format that is very easy to convert to PDF. Word is written in the same way as a Word document, so it doesn't need to be converted to a different format.

PDF, on the other hand, is written as a text file. It needs to be formatted in such a way that it can be saved as a PDF file.
They were collected before we even knew how to test DNA. 

The kits were collected in the 70s and 80s because they were considered the most reliable evidence available at the time.

They weren't tested until the early 90s, and the kits were destroyed before they were tested.
They don't have access to the internet.  They have a walled garden intranet system called Kwangmyong, which is maintained and monitored by the government.  It is only accessible to a select few people.  

They do have 3G phone lines, but they are not connected to the rest of the world.
We can create water by electrolysis, but it takes a lot of energy. 

We can make water from hydrogen, but we need to separate it into hydrogen and oxygen, which is a lot more expensive than electrolysis.
It's not so much the cracking, it's the fact that the cheesecake itself is cracking.

When you make a cheesecake, you're using a lot of different cheesecakes, and they're all made with different cheeses. Some are made with the same cheeses, some are made of different kinds of cheeses and some are different kinds. 

If you're trying to make cheesecake with a different type of cheesecake you're going to need to make sure that it's not made with too much cheesecake.
The Chinese government is very helpful and helpful to the West.

It's the same reason that the US government is helpful to Russia. 

Russia is a big, powerful country with a lot of money and lots of influence in the world.
Because the plane has to fly at such and angle to go slowly. 

The engines need to be able to generate enough thrust to keep up with the speed of the plane.  If they were flying at normal speed, they wouldn't have to do that.  They would just be going at a constant speed.  But if they were going at high enough speed, the engines would burn up.  So they have to slow down.
I think it's because you're not used to your house's smell. You're used to the smell of your own house, so you don't notice it.
The EPA is the agency responsible for regulating the environment. 

The EPA has the authority to enforce the Clean Air Act and the Clean Water Act.  The EPA also has the power to enforce Clean Water and Clean Water Conservation Act.
Antibiotic resistance is when the bacteria in your body are able to evolve resistance to the drugs that are used to treat them. 

Antibiotics work by breaking down the DNA of the bacteria. When they do this, they break down the bacteria's DNA, and the bacteria can use that DNA as a template to make new proteins. These new proteins can then be used by the bacteria to repair their DNA, which is why they are resistant to antibiotics.
I think it has to do with the fact that women's bodies are not as developed as men's.

In the past, women wore more revealing outfits because they were considered more attractive. 

Nowadays, women are considered less attractive because they are more likely to be injured, so they wear less revealing outfits.
It's not possible for anything to get colder then absolute zero.

Absolute zero is the lowest limit of the thermodynamic temperature scale, a state at which the enthalpy and entropy of a cooled ideal gas reach their minimum value, taken as zero kelvin (0 K, not 0°K).
They don't measure the height of mountains on planets when there is no water, they measure the surface area of the mountain.

They measure the distance between the mountain and the surface of the earth. 

The height of a mountain is directly proportional to the distance from the earth's surface to the surface.  If you look at a mountain from the ground, you can see that it's about 1,000 meters above the ground.  But if you take a picture of it from above, you'll see that the mountain is about 1.5 meters higher than the ground at the ground level.
Oral health is not directly connected to heart health, but it is connected to blood pressure. 

Blood pressure is a measure of blood pressure in the arteries.  If you have high blood pressure, you have a problem with your blood vessels constricting, which can lead to heart attack or stroke.

If you are obese, you are more likely to have blood pressure that is higher than normal, which is why it is important to eat a balanced diet and exercise.
It's not that they don't want you to upgrade parts, it's that they want to make sure you don't break the computer. 

If you want to upgrade a computer, you have to buy a new one.  It's not like you can just go to a hardware store and buy a brand new one, it has to be made by a reputable company.
I think it has to do with the fact that we can't agree on what is a C for example. 

When you hear a C note, your brain interprets it as an octave.  If you hear it as a C, it sounds like a C.  But if you hear C as a F, you can't hear it like that.  It sounds like an F.
They were highly sought after by employers as a means of cheaper labor.

Before the Equal Pay Act of 1963, it was common practice for companies to pay women less than men for equivalent work, irrespective of the skills involved. 

For example, if a woman was a seamstress, she would be paid less than a man for doing the same job. 


If a man was a machinist, he would get paid more than a woman because he was more skilled.
The Crown is the head of the government.

The Kingdom is the government of the United Kingdom.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but here goes:

A corporation is a limited liability company (LLC).  It's a tax-free way for people to keep their personal assets in them.  They don't have to pay taxes on them, they just don't pay tax on them.
The US and Russia have never been engaged in armed combat directly against each other. 

The Cold War was a series of proxy wars, mostly between the former Soviet Union and its satellite states (often referred to as the Eastern Bloc) and the Western world, particularly the United States.
You're not allowed to lie about what you said during a traffic stop.

You're allowed to say whatever you want, but you can't say what you meant.
They used buoys. 

The buoys were used to keep track of the tides.

They were also used to mark the entrance and exit points of the ports.
Being smart means that you have a lot of knowledge. 

For example, if you're smart, you know how to read a book, you can read it, and you can write it down.

If you're not smart, then you can't read books.  You can't write down a book.
Adding numbers to your password doesn't increase security in any way.  

It increases the number of characters that can be guessed, but it doesn't make it harder for an attacker to guess your password.
Tax havens are a place where taxes are lower than in other countries. 

If you are a US citizen, you pay taxes on your income in the US, but you don't pay tax on the income you earn abroad.

A Cayman Islands, for example, has a tax rate of 0.5% on income earned abroad.  If you are an American citizen, and you earn money overseas, you can use that money to pay taxes back to the US.
Yes, we can. 

The problem is that we don't know how to repair the brain.  We don't even know if we can repair it yet.  The brain is a very complex organ, so we can't repair it right now.  If we were able to repair it, we'd have to reverse engineer it.  There's no way for us to do that yet.
The simplest way to calculate 2 + 2 = 4 is to divide by 2.

Let's say you have two integers x and y. 

x = x + 1

y = x

If you divide x by 2, you get x + 2

Now let's say that x = x*2

Y = y

So, if x is 2, then y = x - 2



If x is 3, then x = 3

and y = 4

This means that x * 2 = 5

But, if you divide by
Lotteries don't require you to complete a skill testing math question in order to claim a prize. They don't want you to have to do that.
The difference between Chernobyl and Fukushima is that Chernobyl was caused by a *beyond design basis* accident. 

Nuclear power plants are designed to operate at a certain level of safety.  They are built to handle earthquakes and tsunamis, but they are not designed to handle a tsunami.

Fukushima was designed to deal with earthquakes, but the earthquake and tsunami were much more powerful than the plant was designed for, and the tsunami overwhelmed the plant's emergency generators, causing them to shut down.  This caused the reactors to melt down, which is what caused the release of radioactive
Plants do not have a brain.  They do have a nervous system, but it is not the same as a conscious working nervous system.  It is more like a network of nerve cells that communicate with each other.  

Plants can sense light, gravity, temperature, humidity, chemical gradients, etc.  but they don't have a conscious nervous system like animals do.
1 worldwide currency would be bad. 

1 world currency is bad because it would make it more difficult for countries to control their own currencies.  If you want to export something, you need to be able to exchange your currency for other countries' currencies.

If you have a currency that is worth less than the other currencies, you can't export it to other countries.  You can only export to them if your currency is worth more than their currency.
It's because it's easier to get in and out of a castle if it's open inwards. If it's closed, it's harder to get out.
The Affordable Care Act (aka Obamacare) is a piece of legislation that was passed by Congress in 2010.  It is a law that requires the federal government to provide health insurance to people who are not currently covered by their employer.  The federal government has to pay for it, but it is not required to do so by law.

The problem is that the federal budget is not balanced, so the government has a lot of money to spend on things like Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, and the like.  This means that if the government doesn't have enough money to cover these things, it will have
When you are in shock, your body is trying to get blood to your vital organs.  Your heart is beating faster, your blood pressure is lower, your kidneys are not working properly, and your urine is not being able to flow properly.

When you go into shock, the blood vessels in your body stop working properly.  This causes your heart to stop pumping blood to the vital organs, which causes your body to go into a state of hypoperfusion, which is when the blood is not able to get to the parts of your body that need it the most.  When this happens, the
Trademarks are used to identify a product or service.

Copyright is used to protect the content of a work.
Guildings on /r/Askreddit alone have paid for 30.84 years of server time, why does Reddit still request donations?
When you sleep, your vocal cords get stretched out. When you wake up, they are still stretched out, so your voice is deeper.
RAID 5 is the highest level of RAID. 

RAID 0 is when you have a RAID set of 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, etc.

It is the most common RAID level, and it is the one that is most commonly used in applications that require high I/O throughput, such as video editing.  It is also the one where all the data must be stored in the same location on the same disk.
The Challenger accident was caused by a failure of an O-ring seal on the right solid rocket booster, which led to the rapid disintegration of the shuttle stack from overwhelming aerodynamic pressures.
It's because they're cutting to the next ad. 

If you're watching TV during the middle of a commercial, you're not paying attention to what's going on.
The difference between the two'salutes' we see in Nazi Germany was that the German military salute was the "Heil Hitler" salute, and the civilian salute was called the "Horst Wessel Lied" salute.

The difference is that the Wehrmacht (German army) used the German salute, while the civilian government used the Nazi salute.
Vitamins and minerals can be passed through your body within hours. 

Fat is stored as energy.  Your body uses it to fuel your muscles.  When you exercise, your muscles need to use more energy than they can get from food, so they need to store it as fat.  This is called lactic acid fermentation.
When the driver sees the sign, the speed limit starts.

When you see a sign, it's when the car in front of you passes it.
Your perception of somebody's physical attributes can be different than perception of others while we are looking at the same person?
YKK is the manufacturer of the YKK zipper.  YKK is not the only manufacturer of YKK zippers.  There are a lot of other companies that make YKK Zippers.

There are also other manufacturers that make Zippers, such as Ziploc bags, that are not YKK.  Zippers are made by a number of different manufacturers, but YKK makes the best Zippers in the world.
Capitalism is a system where people own their own means of production. 

Corporatism is a form of capitalism where the government owns the means of producing goods and services.

The difference between capitalism and corporatism is that in the case of the US, the government is the one that owns the business, and it is not the business that is owned by the government.
Your body can survive the vacuum of space without a spacesuit because it is adapted to living within the atmosphere of Earth's atmosphere. 

Your body doesn't need to be protected from the vacuum, it just needs to be able to breathe.

If you were exposed to the vacuum while wearing a sealed helmet and air supply, but with no suit to cover the rest of your body?
It's not a thing, it's just a cultural thing. Middle names are a way for people to distinguish themselves from their first names. 

In the past, middle names were used to distinguish between people who were related to each other, and those who were not related to one another.

For example, if you were born in England, you were likely to be known by your father's first name, and your mother's last name. So, if your father was Henry, you'd be known as Henry, and if your mother was Mary, you would be Mary, and so on.
The easiest way to acquire stolen credit cards is to use a credit card skimmer.  It's a device that attaches to the card reader of an ATM and uses it to read the card number.  The thief can obtain a victim's card number by watching them enter it the first time (shoulder surfing, or by approaching them under the pretense of offering help and suggesting they re-enter their PIN (and again, watching them do it).  

Once they have the credit card number, they can use it to purchase goods.  They can then use the stolen card to pay for the goods
The Texas legislature is in session right now because the governor has called a special session of the legislature to address a number of issues. 

This is called a "special session" because the legislature has been adjourned for 30 days due to the governor's decision to convene the legislature for a 30 day special session.
When you die, the water in your body stops being used by your body. 

Your body is no longer able to pump blood through your body, so it stops being able to do so.

When the water stops being pumped through the body, it starts to decompose, and the water starts to evaporate out of the body.
It's not the cell coverage that's the problem, it's the location of the cell tower.

The cell tower is in the middle of the train, so it's not getting the signal it needs.
Stock trading works like this:

1. You buy a stock, and sell it.

2. You sell it to other people, and they buy it back. 

3. You pay a commission to the stockbroker, who then sells it back to you. 


4. You get paid by the company you bought the stock from, and the company pays you back by selling it to you, and then you pay them back to them, and so on and so forth.


5. You have to wait for the company to pay you back, and when they do
It depends on the type of food. 

For example, if you're talking about processed foods, you can store them at room temperature, but they need to be refrigerated to prevent bacteria from growing in them.

If you are talking about foods that are cooked, you need to refrigerate them to prevent them from spoiling.
I'm not sure what you mean by "higher quality" but I think it has to do with the quality of the raw materials used. 

Mexican products are made with much higher quality raw materials than Chinese products.

For example, if you want to make a piece of jewelry, you need to have the right materials and the right people to work on it. China does not have the same quality standards as the US, so they can't make it as good as the USA.
It's because the THC in marijuana is metabolized by the liver into THC-COOH, which is the psychoactive component of the drug. THC is the active ingredient in the drug, but it's not the only active ingredient. 

THC is the main psychoactive ingredient in marijuana, and it's metabolized in the liver to THC-11-hydroxy-THC, which has the same psychoactive effects as THC.
Radio, wifi, satellite tv, etc all get to the proper location to be received without interfering with each other. 

They all use the same radio frequency.  It's just that they use different frequencies.

Radio uses the same frequency to transmit and receive information.  So if you have a radio station in the middle of the ocean, and you want to talk to someone on the other side of the world, you have to send a signal to that station.  If you have an antenna in a very small area, you can't send the same signal to all the stations in the same area
Fumes are made up of a lot of different chemicals that react with each other. 

For example, when you blow out a candle, some of the chemicals react with the oxygen in the air, and some of them react with water vapor.

When they do this, they warp the light, causing it to appear to go through the air in a different direction.  This is called the "will-o'-the-wispy" effect.
The Primary Colors are red, blue, and yellow. 

The Secondary Colors are violet, green, and magenta.

In elementary school, we're taught that the Primary colors are yellow, orange, and blue, but in high school Physics, we learn that the Secondary Colors include magenta and blue.
Pimps have a lot of control over the women they control.  They are the ones who control the money, they are the people who pay for the services, and they control the women who work for them.

A pimp is not the only one who has control over a prostitute.  There are many other people who have control over prostitutes, but they are not as powerful as a pimp.
You cant use the internet without electricity, so why not?
The Rhodes Memo is a document that was written by Ben Rhodes, a former senior official in the State Department. It was written after the 2012 Benghazi attack, and it was leaked to the media. 

The gist of the memo is that the Obama administration was trying to cover up the truth about what happened in Benghazi, and that there was a lot of cover up going on at the time of the attack.

Rhodes wrote the memo because he was upset with the way the administration handled the investigation into the attack and wanted to make sure that no one knew what was going on. He wrote the
I'm not an expert in programming languages, but I can give you a basic idea of how it works.

Let's say you want to generate a random number from a list of integers. 

The first thing to do is to take the list of all the integers that are in the list, and divide them into n equal numbers.  If you take the first number you find, and multiply it by n, you'll get the result you want.  This is called a "random number".

Now, if you take that list of numbers and divide it into a bunch of smaller numbers
Milk has a lot of water in it, but it's not the same temperature as water in milk. It's the temperature of the water that determines the taste of milk.
The Middle Ages were a time of religious persecution and a period of economic collapse. 

There was a lot of pressure to follow the teachings of the Catholic Church, which led to the spread of superstition and superstition.

This was a time when science was not as advanced as it is today, and there was a great deal of money to be made by the Church. 

 >  How was it that this period was such a setback for science? And how much more technically advanced would we be if it wasn't for the dark ages?
Fold@Home is a website that allows people to set up their own business.  It's basically a place where you can set up your own business, but you don't have to pay rent.  

The idea is that if you want to start a business, you need a place to set it up.  You don't need to have a lot of money, but if you do have money, you can use it to hire people to help you set up a business.

If you're looking for a company to start, you might want to check out [this site](_URL_0_).
When you're asleep, your brain is in REM sleep, which is a state of deep sleep. When you wake up, you're still in REM, so your brain has a lot of time to process the information it has stored in your brain. 

When you are awake, the brain is still processing that information, so it takes a lot longer to process it.
RSS stands for "Really Simple Syndication". 

It's a way for websites to publish frequently updated works—such as blog entries, news headlines, audio, and video—in a standardized format.  It's similar to a web page, but it's not as easy to read as a page like a page on a website.

If you want to read a news article, you have to go to a website like /r/askreddit.  There you will find a list of all the articles that have been updated in the last 24 hours.  If you go to the top of the
Freckles are caused by a mutation in the melanocortin 1 receptor (MC1R) gene. Melanin is a pigment that protects your skin from the sun's harmful UV rays. The MC1R gene codes for melanin, which is the pigment that gives you freckles.
There are optical illusions, tactile illusions, and audio illusions.

An optical illusion is when you look at something and it looks different from what your eyes are seeing. 

A tactile illusion is where your brain interprets the information your eyes give you and interprets it in a way that doesn't match up with what you're actually seeing.
Soil is made up of organic matter.  It has a lot of minerals and organic matter in it.  When you fertilize it, you are using up the minerals that are present in the soil.  The minerals are dissolved in the water, and the water is absorbed by the soil, which is why it is so good at holding water.  

When you don't fertilize, the minerals are leached out of the soil by erosion.  This is called leaching, and it happens when the soil is not treated properly.  If you are not treating the soil properly, it will
Lease rates are lower than buying a car outright. 

If you're buying a new car with financing, you have to pay the full price of the car, which is a lot of money.  If you're leasing a car, you're only paying for the car for a certain number of years, so you don't have to worry about how much the car will be worth in the future.
Pi is a number that has a repeating pattern of digits when expressed in decimal form.

Pi is the number that tells you that the circumference of a circle is equal to the diameter of a piece of paper.
They don't. 

They're not breaking any laws.  They're just not licensed to drive a car.  It's not illegal to operate a taxi without a license.
The Wealth of Nations was written in the 17th century.  It was written by a man named Adam Smith.  He was an Englishman who lived in the middle ages.  

He was an economist, and he wrote the book in order to help people understand how the economy works.  In his view, there are three main factors that determine wealth: land, labour, and capital.  These three factors are:

1. Land

2. Labor

3. Capital

Land

4. Money

In the early 1800s, England was experiencing a period
Your forehead has a lot of eccrine glands, which are responsible for regulating your body temperature. 

When it's cold, the sweat glands in your forehead are more sensitive to the cold than other parts of your body.  When it's warm, they are less sensitive.
The debt is paid off by the estate.  If there is more debt than money in the estate, then it goes to the executor to be paid off with money from selling their estate.
It's not illegal to change the name of a product, it's illegal to use a trademark to make it look like it's a knockoff. 

If you're going to do it, you might as well go all the way.
Holding your breath causes your body to release endorphins. Endorphins are chemicals in your body that make you feel good. When you hold your breath, your body releases them, which makes you feel better.
Some Americans support illegal immigration because they don't want to have to pay taxes. 

Some Americans don't like the fact that illegal immigrants are taking jobs that are held by Americans.
The US is not in debt, it is in debt.  The debt is the amount of money that the government owes to the people.  It is not the debt that is the problem.

The debt is that the US government has to borrow money to pay for the war.  When the government borrows money to fund the war, they have to pay back the people who lent them the money.  This means that the debt is not being paid back by the people, but by the government.
Because urinals take up a lot of space. 

Bathrooms don't need to have separate urinals, they need to be able to be used by multiple people at the same time.  If you put a wall between the urinals and the toilet, you'd have to put a partition between the toilet and the urinal.
Helium is used in a lot of things, but it's not so usefull that it's cheap. 

Helium has a few properties that make it a good choice for many purposes, but not all of them.

For example, it has a low boiling point, low density, low solubility, high thermal conductivity, or inertness.  These properties make it good for use in cryogenics, which is why it's so useful in balloons.
Neon colors are caused by the photoreceptors in the back of your eye firing at different wavelengths of light.

When you look at a neon light, the light is bouncing off of your cornea, which is the part of the eye that makes up your vision. The light bounces off of the cells in your eye and causes them to fire, which causes the light to bounce off your retina and cause it to hurt.
Sound waves travel at different speeds. 

When sound travels at a certain speed, it has to travel through a certain amount of space before it gets to a certain frequency.

If you have a big sheet of metal, it will travel through the air at a different speed than if it were made of a thin sheet of plastic, so the sound waves travelling through it will be traveling at different frequencies. 


When the sound travels through the metal, the sound wave is traveling at a higher frequency than when it is traveling through the plastic.
Air conditioners use heat to cool the air. 

When you turn on your air conditioner, you are using heat energy to heat up the air around you.  When you turn it off, you're also using energy to cool down the air surrounding you.

The air that's being cooled off by the air conditioning unit is also being cooled by the heat from the coils of the AC unit.  The coils are connected to the outside air conditioning system, so the air that is being cooled is cooled off as well.  This means that the air in the room is being warmed up by the
Ironman is a parody of a popular TV show.

Jersery Shore is not a parody.
The cat was defending the kid from the kid. 

_URL_0_

The kid was being abused by a cat, and the cat was trying to protect him.
Synthesiser sounds are created by combining a series of oscillators and filters. 

A sythesiser is a synthesizer that uses a waveform called an oscillator to create a wave.  The waveform is created by using a small amount of air to vibrate the oscillator.  When the waveform gets big enough, it can be amplified by a speaker.

When the sound waveforms get big enough they can be combined with a speaker to make a sound.  This is called a [synth sound](_URL_0_).

The sound waves are
We can go lower, but we can't go lower. 

We can get lower, we just can't get lower than the freezing point of iron, which is about 330 GPa.
The Big Lebowski is a great movie.  It's funny, it's smart, and it has a lot of depth to it.  

It's also one of the few movies that has been made in such a short amount of time that you can watch it over and over again without getting bored.
Because it's in the middle of Georgia. 

Also, because it's on the Chattahoochee River, which is a major river.

It's also on the eastern edge of the Eastern Continental Divide, which means that rainwater that falls on the south and east side of the divide flows into the Atlantic Ocean, while rainwater on the north and west side of it is sent to the Mississippi River.
If Russia attacked Turkey, it would be a direct invasion of the country.  Turkey is a NATO member, and Russia is a member of NATO.

Turkey is also a NATO ally of the US, so it would not be easy for Russia to invade Turkey.
It's not illegal for some states to disobey federal regulations. It's illegal for the federal government to enforce state laws.
Radiation is electromagnetic radiation.  It's a wave of energy that hits the atoms in your body and causes them to break their chemical bonds.  If you are exposed to enough of it, you can cause damage to your DNA, which is the building block of your cells. 

Radiation can also damage the molecules that make up your DNA.  This can cause mutations in your DNA that can lead to cancer.
The moon is covered by the earth's shadow, so the light from the sun can't hit it directly. The moon is also covered in a thin layer of gasses, which reflects some of the light back into the atmosphere. This causes the resulting coppery red hue of the moon.
The government does not fund private schools.

It's not that they don't want to fund them, it's that they want to control the money they get from the government.
Gravitational waves are ripples in spacetime that propagate at the speed of light. 

Einstein predicted that gravity waves would exist in general relativity, which is the theory of relativity that explains how gravity works.

General relativity says that gravity is a force that can propagate at infinite speed, but that it can't propagate at any speed faster than light. This means that if two objects are orbiting each other at the same speed, they will have the same effect on spacetime, but the gravitational waves will propagate at different speeds.
Lighters have a valved orifice in the top of the lighters that prevents the liquid from evaporating and igniting. 

It's not that the liquid isn't flammable, it's just that it's too volatile to ignite.
The Federal Reserve is the central bank of the United States.  The Treasury is the government agency that issues the currency.  It is responsible for issuing Treasury Bills, Treasury notes, and Treasury bonds.
It's not that they want you to log in to Facebook, it's that they need you to use Facebook to connect with your friends. 

If you don't use Facebook, they can't connect you to any other websites.  If they want to connect you, they need your permission to do so.
They can charge you money to return the phone. 

It's not like it's illegal, it's just that the school doesn't have the authority to do so.  It's a violation of the student's civil rights.
The rapture is the end of the world as we know it. 

There is a lot of speculation about what will happen, but I think the best way to think about it is that it will be like the end times of the Bible.

The Bible tells us that there will be a great flood, and that we will be able to see the end coming, but we will not see it until we are in the place where the flood comes. 


We will be in a place where there is no water, no food, no water to drink, and no water at all.
They don't. 

A lot of top tier athletes get paid for their time on the field, but they don't make a lot of money off of it.

They get paid by the teams they play for, and the teams pay them for the time they spend on the court.
Insurance companies don't always catch you committing fraudulent claims.

They can, but they don't have to.  

The insurance company has a database of all the claims that have ever been made.  It's called the "KYC" database, and it's basically a list of all of the people who have ever made a claim.  The insurance company uses this database to track down the people that have made claims, and if they match up with the information they have on file, they can decide whether or not the claim is legitimate.  If it's not, then the insurance company
I think it has to do with a lot of things. 

1. They have a natural instinct to play and explore.  When they are babies, they have to eat and drink a lot.  
2. They need to learn how to walk and talk.  They have to learn to use their hands and arms to hold things.

3. They are constantly being stimulated by their parents and teachers.  This is why they are so full of energy when they are young.
Your skin is made up of a bunch of different types of collagen. 

When you get a cut, your skin has a lot of different kinds of collagen in it.  Some of these collagen is broken down, and some of it is left behind.  This is called pathological scarring.  It is caused by your body not being able to produce enough collagen to repair the wound properly.

If you have normal skin, it will be able to repair itself.  But if you have scar tissue that is damaged, it won't.  Your body can't.
It's called the [Weis-Fogh mechanism](_URL_0_).

Basically, when a fly flies, it uses its wings to generate lift, and the air around it is so viscous that it can't resist the force of the wings. 

When a fly is inside a moving car, it doesn't have the same problem. The air around the fly is too viscous for the wings to be able to generate enough lift to keep the fly from falling out of the car.
Fiber optic cables are not cheap, but they are very easy to install. 

You can't just buy fiber optic cables and do it yourself.  You have to pay a cable company to install them for you.

The cable company will pay you for the cost of the cable, and then they will give you a contract to install the fiber optic cable.  If you don't want to pay the cable company for it, you can hire a company to do it for you for a fee.
I think it's because children are more likely to be able to tell the difference between the weight of the pill and the amount it contains. 

For example, if you take a pill of ibuprofen, and give it to a 5 year old, they can tell you how much of it is in the pill, and how much is in their body weight.

If you give a pill to an adult, they'll know that it's in their weight, but they won't know how much.
They are assigned by the Committee of Selection, which is responsible for selecting the members of the House and Senate committees. 

The committee is made up of members of both parties, and the chair of the committee is the chairman of the committees.

Chairmen are appointed by the majority party and the ranking member is the member of the party that has the majority of the seats on the committee.
Monsanto is a chemical company. They are known for developing and selling genetically modified crops. 

They are also known for selling seeds that are genetically modified to be resistant to herbicides and other herbicides.

The reason they are considered to be evil is because they are the only company that has the monopoly on the use of genetically modified seeds.
The $200 billion rip-off was a scam. 

The US government was supposed to build a massive fiber optic cable network to connect all of the major cities in the US to the internet.  The problem was that the cost of building the cable was so high that it was impossible to justify the cost.  It was a huge waste of money.
I think it's because they want you to be able to answer the questions with no right or wrong answer. 

If you don't know the answer to a question, it's hard for you to understand what it means.
They don't. 

The reason they do it is because it makes it easier for people to find the channel they want to watch.
GIFs are stored in a format called.gifv.

A YouTube video is stored in MPEG4, which is a video format that uses a different compression algorithm than GIFs. 

When you watch a YouTube video, you are watching a video that is encoded in a different format than a GIF, so it takes longer for the video to load on your phone.
Psychologists are trained to recognize when someone is telling the truth, and when they don't, they use polygraphs to determine if they are lying. 

A polygraph is basically a lie detector, and it can tell you if someone is lying or not.
The LHC is the world's largest particle collider. It is the most powerful particle accelerator ever built. 

It is the largest particle accelerator in the world, and it is the only particle accelerator capable of colliding protons and neutrons at the same time.

This means that the LHC will be able to collide more protons than any other particle accelerator, and that it will collide more neutrons than other particle accelerators.
They decide on the amount of money being fined and where does the money ultimately end up.

If the company is fined by a governing body/authority, they decide how much money they want to pay and how much they will pay.
He was a utilitarian. 

He was the father of utilitarianism.  He was the son of James Mill, who was also a philosopher.  His father was a follower of Jeremy Bentham, and he was a strong advocate of the utilitarian view.

Bentham's utilitarianism was based on the idea that things should be used for the purpose they were intended to be used.  This meant that if you want something, you should use it.  If you don't want it, you shouldn't use it, and if you do, then you're doing it wrong.
The Cheerios effect is caused by surface tension. 

When you eat cereal, the cereal clumps together.  When you drink milk, it's because the cereal is wetting the milk, and the water is evaporating.  This causes the cereal to cling to the sides of the bowl, which is why you see the droplets of milk on the spoon.
It's because your body is trying to regulate your body temperature. If it's too hot or too cold, your body can't do that. 

Your body needs to regulate its temperature by moving your muscles to keep you warm.  When you're asleep, your muscles stop working, and your body stops moving.  This causes you to fall asleep.

When you're awake, you need to move your body to keep it warm, so your muscles need to be moving to keep your body warm.
The US was extremely liberal in the 1960s because of the civil rights movement.  The Civil Rights movement was a great success, but it also led to the rise of the New Left.  It was the first time that the US had a large number of black people who were voting Democratic, and it led to a huge shift in the political landscape.  

In the 70s and 80s, there was a lot of talk about how the United States was becoming more conservative.  This was the time of the Reagan administration.  Reagan was the leader of the conservative movement, but he was also the
It's not a significant source of ___. 

It's just a way for the food industry to say "hey, we don't want you to think we're producing food that's going to end up in landfills."

There's no way to measure how much food is lost in the food supply chain, because it's impossible to know.

If you want to know the amount of food that is lost, you need to know where it comes from, how long it takes for it to get to you, and how much of it is used.
Social stratification is when you have a group of people in a society where the people who are at the top of the social ladder are the ones who have the most money, power, and influence. 

In other words, they are the people with the most power and influence, and the people at the bottom have the least.

There are a lot of factors that go into this, but the main ones are:

1. Wealth

2. Power

3. Social status

4. Social class

5. Race

6. Class

7. Race
They are, by definition, anonymous. They are not a group, they are a group of people who are not anonymous to each other/their members. 

They do not have a leader, they have a very loose and decentralized command structure that operates on ideas rather than directives.
Ph and F are both derived from the Latin word for "sulfur". 

Sulfur is the same as sulfur, but it's spelled with an i instead of an i.

F is derived from "sulphur", which is a Latin word meaning "sugars".

Ph is from "phosphorus", which means "sour". 


F stands for "fluoride", which comes from the Greek "fosphorus" meaning "fiery".  It's the same reason we use the letter "f" for "fire".