The main discussion points of the meeting were about the progress of the project and the potential contribution of other research areas. The team discussed the feasibility of collecting more speech data from different speakers in order to generate a more complete set of data points. They also discussed the possibility of mapping speakers' names to the location of speakers' microphones, which would allow for more accurate identification of speakers. The group also discussed how to improve the quality of the data that is already available by collecting more information from speakers at a lower cost.
Transcribers will be asked to read aloud from a subset of their digitized transcripts. The group agreed that the digitized transcriptions should be given in the form of a number, not as a list of words, and that speakers should give their full names when giving their numbers. The team also agreed that it would be a good idea to collect and store the names of speakers in the database.
Speaker overlap was discussed in the context of the project. The team thought that it would be interesting to map out the points of overlap between speakers, but they were not sure how to do that. The professor suggested that they could map out these points by looking at the number of speakers in the same room at the same time, which would allow them to get a sense of how much overlap there was.
The transcriber pool is in the process of being digitized and ready to be transcribed. The team is currently working on transcribers for a variety of languages, including English, Spanish, German, Italian, Portuguese, Chinese, and Spanish-speaking languages.
The team thought that it would be a good idea to collect data on speakers' names, but they needed to figure out a way to map the location to the speaker without having people give their names each time. The professor suggested that they could start collecting digit data from the digit forms, but the team was not sure if that was feasible.
The whole meeting was about the conceptual design of the remote control. Industrial Designer, User Interface, Marketing, and Project Manager each gave a presentation on component design. The group made some decisions on the material, shape, and material of the case, including plastic, rubber, double curved, and double-curved. Then, they discussed the energy source, kinetic energy, and scroll buttons. They reached a consensus that the kinetic energy could be used to generate enough energy to run the remote, but it was not sure whether that would be a good idea or not. They also reached a decision that the scroll buttons could be replaced by push buttons, but the push buttons were not compatible with the LCD screen. Finally, the group decided to make a video recorder to record the interaction of the user.
This meeting was about the conceptual design of the remote control. Industrial Designer, User Interface, Marketing and Project Manager each gave a presentation on the components of a remote control, including the energy source, the buttons, the case, the material, the shape, the thickness and the function of each button. The group agreed that the kinetic energy could be used to generate enough energy to run the remote. User Interface suggested that the remote could be made to look like a banana. Marketing suggested that they could make it into a fruit or vegetable shape. Project Manager agreed and suggested that it could be a fruit-shaped remote control with fruit and vegetable shapes. Marketing also suggested that there could be an LCD screen on the front to display the program information.
Industrial Design agreed with the Marketing when discussing the appearance design. The Marketing pointed out that most remotes operate on the infrared spectrum when the push button was coming out. So Industrial Designer thought it would be interesting to use a gimmick to make the light visible when the remote was pushed out. And the Marketing thought it might be a fun thing to record the video part of the remote.
The User Interface thought that they should stick to the basic design of the remote control, like the scroll buttons and the number of buttons on the side, but they could also add some gimmicky features to make it more user-friendly such as the ability to record the user's voice when the remote was turned on and recording video.
Marketing suggested that the group could incorporate a touch screen on the infrared part of the remote control to make it visible when the light was coming out of the TV. However, Industrial Designer pointed out that it would cost too much and the team would have to use more chips to achieve the same effect. So the group decided to keep the touch screen as it was only a gimmick.
The Marketing pointed out that the cost of the touch screen would be higher than the budget, so it would not be feasible to use infrared light to operate the remote control. The Project Manager thought that the infrared part of the remote could be used to detect the light coming out of the television. The Marketing disagreed with the Project Manager when talking about the limitation of the budget. He thought that it would be a good idea to use the light to display the information on the screen instead of the infrared.
The Industrial Design thought that the shape of the remote control was not very attractive and it would be hard to fit into the hand. The User Interface agreed with the Industrial Design that it would not be a good idea to have a big remote control with a big shape. The Industrial Design also pointed out that there was no reason to go outside the convention of three or four millimetres and the shape was not that important.
Project Manager started the meeting with an agenda to set out what they're trying to accomplish in this particular first meeting. The group got acquainted with each other and got used to the tool training by drawing on the whiteboard. Then, the group discussed the general plan for the project how they're going to go about accomplishing this and then just a bit of discussion close up. The remote control would be based on the corporate model and would be the size of a paper book. It would be aimed at the international market. The target group would be young people between the ages of eighteen and thirty-five, and it would be for a new product.
Project Manager thought that the profit would be enough for the company to cover its expenses and the company would make a profit. However, Industrial Designer and User Interface argued that they should aim at a profit of 50-60 million Euros. Project Manager disagreed with them and suggested that they could aim at 50 million Euros if they made the remote control in one year.
User Interface suggested that the remote control should be able to control different kinds of devices, such as the TV, the stereo, the video recorder, the DVD player, the stereos, etc. The group agreed on this idea. Industrial Designer suggested that they could make a remote control that was only for television, but it could also be used for other purposes, like controlling other electronic devices such as video recorders and stereos.
The Project Manager thought that the remote control should be made of plastic and the buttons should be in a way that the user could see them. The remote control could be shaped like a banana and the wheel could be in the shape of a banana leaf. The Project Manager also suggested that the buttons could be made in different shapes and sizes so that users could find them easily.
Industrial Designer pointed out that the appearance of the remote control should be paid due attention when discussing the user interface. The remote control was expected to be technologically innovative and technologically advanced, but at the same time, it should be user-friendly as well. Industrial Designer believed that the design of the appearance should be taken into consideration when designing the interface because it was the most important part of the project.
Industrial Designer recommended to have a discussion about the naming of the remote control. The Industrial Designer thought that it would be a good idea to give it a fancy name, such as remote control, but it should not be too fancy. Instead, it should be something like remote control which is cool, cool-looking and cool-sounding.
The group agreed that the remote control should be fashionable and user-friendly. They would try to take ordinary stuff that nobody really thinks about and try to make it nice. The marketing strategy would be based on the whole corporate model. The target market would be the international market. The remote control would be sold in Europe, North America and Asia.
The whole meeting was about the remote control. First, Industrial Designer told the group about his findings about the working of the remote. Then, Project Manager asked the group to make some decisions about the product. After that, the group had lunch and discussed some new product requirements.
Industrial Designer thought that the remote control should be made of plastic because it was not so expensive and there would be a lot of wires to connect the components in it, the battery, and the switches. There should also be some small electronics so that it wouldn't be too expensive to build it. Industrial Designer also thought that they should put some kind of chip on the top of the top to send the numbers to the teletext and push buttons.
Industrial Designer first told the group about the findings about the working of the remote control. The remote control is a very difficult thing to explain to just all of you who haven't seen a remote control inside. There's a lot of plastic on it, Industrial Designer said because its not so expensive. And there are wires, which connect the components in it, the battery, and there are switches and things like that. So it won't be too expensive to build it. And here's some kind of chip on the top, there are the numbers on top, and the button to send teletext. And push button will send all kind of buttons to the battery. That's how it works. And the sub-components of the chip will make it all-in-one.
Industrial Designer thought that the cover of the remote control should be made of plastic because it would be easier for people not to see the inside of the device if it was not covered. The team agreed with this idea. However, Industrial Designer also proposed that they could make the cover with some kind of map on it so that people could find it easily if they were lost.
User Interface believed that the remote control should be simple and user-friendly. It should be only for the television, and it should not be too big or too small. The remote control could be made of plastic, but it should be made with some kind of chip on the top of it to send the numbers to the user's phone, and push buttons to control the volume of the television. The chip could send the preferences to the TV, and when the button was pushed, it would send the signal to the television set.
Marketing said that the market was mainly young people, and they had a lot of different tastes in what they wanted from the remote control. They were mainly interested in the look and feel of the product, but they also wanted to find out what kind of features the product would have. The market expected the product to be user-friendly and easy to use. They also expected it to be technologically innovative.
Marketing suggested that the remote control should be able to control all the devices in the house, including the television. The team agreed to add a few new features such as the ability to change the channel and a timer. Industrial Designer thought that it would be a good idea to have a timer for the TV. Project Manager thought that the team should think about whether to put the timer on the back of the control or on the front.
The team agreed that the remote control should be user-friendly. It should be easy to use and easy to find. The team also agreed that it should not be too big or too small. The remote control could be made in different shapes and sizes to fit different people's hands. The group also agreed on the idea of using infrared technology to control the television.
This was the functional design meeting. The main focus of this meeting is your presentations that you've been preparing during the time, so Project Manager will go through each of you one by one. Industrial Designer, User Interface, and Project Manager first gave their presentations on the working design of the remote control. Then, Project Manager introduced the new project requirements that were sent to the team, including the target group, functions, and time frame. The team would have forty minutes to come up with those two things, target group and functions.
Industrial Designer, User Interface and Project Manager gave presentations on working design, technical functions and functional requirements respectively. Industrial Designer presented on the working design of the remote control and identified a few basic components of remote control. User Interface presented on technical functions of remote and how they work together with each other. Project Manager presented on functional requirements and how to integrate user feedback into the product design process.
Project Manager thought that the advanced technology design was not necessary for the remote control as it would be easy for the user to lose it if it got lost in a room. Besides, Project Manager also pointed out that it would not be a good idea to have a remote control with advanced technology as it might be difficult for the users to find it.
Industrial Designer thought that the locator would be a handy tool for users to locate the remote control. Project Manager thought that it would be better if it was just a remote control that could be found in a room and could be put in a specific direction. User Interface thought it was a good idea to have a locator because it would help users to find their remote control in the room.
Industrial Designer first gave a presentation about the group's general requirements, which included the target group and functions of the remote control. The group agreed that they should target a fairly defined group and focus on the functions rather than the features of the product. User Interface followed with a presentation on the functional design of remote control, which mainly focused on the user requirements. Then, Project Manager presented the new project requirements, and the group agreed on the importance of user-friendliness and ease of use. They also agreed that the product should be user-friendly and easy to use.
Industrial Designer suggested that the remote control should be priced at 25 Euros and aimed at the international market. Project Manager agreed and suggested that they should aim at the domestic market as well. However, User Interface pointed out that it would be a good idea to target a younger group as they would be more willing to spend more money on a remote control.
Project Manager thought that they should try to incorporate voice recognition when discussing general requirements. Project Manager believed that it would be a great addition to the remote control and it would make the product more user-friendly. Besides, Project Manager thought it would also be a good idea to incorporate the voice recognition into the design of the remote because it would add a new dimension to the product.
The whole meeting was about the functional design of the new remote control project. Firstly, Marketing, User Interface and Industrial Designer each gave a presentation about their ideas about the remote control. Then, Project Manager introduced the new project's requirement, which was to design a good-looking, easy-to-use and user-friendly remote control that would be suitable for all kinds of devices. The group then discussed how to achieve this goal. After that, the group discussed how they could incorporate the user-centred design into the product, and how to make it easy to use. Finally, the meeting ended with a short discussion about the working design.
According to the User Interface, most of the buttons on current remote controls were not used, so Industrial Designer thought they should design something where those buttons which were used should be easier to see and use than others that only a couple of people were using. Marketing thought that the remote control should be easy to use and the facilities that they offered should match what people really want to use their remote controls. For instance, they should make it easy for them to zap in one way or another. Project Manager agreed with User Interface.
Marketing learned that most of the buttons on the current remote controls were not used, so the team should design something where those buttons which were used should be easier to see and use than others that only a couple of people were using. Marketing also learned that users were frustrated with their remote controls because they could not find the lost remote control somewhere in the home, where it was lost.
Marketing thought they should target the young people because they were the ones who would be willing to pay for fancy looking and fancy looking remote controls. And the other thing was that the current remote controls were not so easy to use and the current facilities that they offered did not match what people really wanted to use.
The group agreed that the remote control should be easy to use and easy to find. It should not be too big or too small, and it should be only for one or two people. The group also agreed that some of the buttons should be on the left side and some on the right side, so that users could find them easily. The team agreed that they should not use too many buttons.
The user interface designer recommended to design the remote control in such a way that it would be easy to find, so that users could find it even if it was lost in the room. Also, the buttons which were used should be easier to see and use than others that only a couple of people were using.
User Interface suggested that the remote control should be able to select channels by pressing a button on the screen instead of pressing the power button. However, Industrial Designer pointed out that it was not necessary to do that because there was already a remote control with this function on it. Project Manager disagreed with User Interface and Industrial Designer and suggested that they could design a special remote control just for TV.
The group agreed that the remote control should be easy to use and the buttons should be small so that users could easily find them. The group also agreed that some of the buttons could be used for turning on and off and some buttons for volume up and down should be put on the back of the control. In addition, the team agreed that they should design a remote control that was easy to find and use.
Marketing suggested that the team should design a remote control with speech recognition so that it could recognize the user's voice when he or she spoke to the remote control. Industrial Designer thought that it would be a good idea to design a speech recognition system for the new remote control, but User Interface pointed out that it was not clear if it was possible to do speech recognition on the LCD screen or not. Project Manager suggested that they could design a LCD screen for the speech recognition, but Industrial Designer didn't think it would work well.
The group decided that the automatic power control would be the most important feature of the new remote control. It would be easy for users to use and it would be convenient for them to find the remote control when they were lost in the house. Besides, the group agreed that it should not be too complicated and it should be only for the basic functions like volume and power.
The team discussed the progress on the German SmartKom project. They had already written the syntax trees for three or four of the twelve possible utterances, and Johno had learned how to write XML tags for some sentences. The system was using a German sythesis module for English sentences, which meant that it didn't know "I" and "Spartacus". However, the goal of the system was to try to do the Greet-the-Person goal. The team decided to stick to the concept-to-speech approach for now.
The team discussed the progress on the German SmartKom project. They had already written the syntax trees for three or four of the twelve possible utterances, and Johno had learned how to write XML tags for some sentences. The system was using a German sythesis module for English sentences, which meant that it didn't know "I" and "Spartacus". However, the goal of the system was to try to do the Greet-the-Person goal. The team decided to stick to the concept-to-speech approach for now.
The SmartKom system was encountering some problems due to the fact that it did not know the correct pronunciation of the word "I" in the English language. Also, the system was not able to distinguish between the different units of speech and non-speech, which was causing problems for the model.
The system would be involved in a number of demos, such as a greeting-the-person-goal-demo. The demos would involve the system trying to figure out what the person wants to tell the person. The system would also be able to generate a whole set of syntactic structures out of a set of possible utterances.
After the demo, the team would have to figure out how to send the data to the server and how to convert it into speech. They could either send it as XML, or they could send it in as a speech-to-text format. It would be interesting to know how the server would handle different formats. The team would also have to decide on how to deal with the data.
The whole meeting was about the conceptual design of the remote control. Industrial Designer, User Interface, Marketing and Project Manager gave presentations on the component concept, the energy concept and the user interface concept. The group discussed which components they would use for energy, the material and interface, and the trend watching. They decided to go for simple push buttons and LCD display. They would use a simple programmable chip on print and one kind of case. For energy, they could use simple battery or traditional solar cells. For interface, they would go for titanium design instead of rubber and double-curved shape. They also discussed whether there should be some supplements or not.
Industrial Designer proposed to use simple battery instead of solar cells, titanium instead of rubber, and LCD instead of advanced chip technology. User Interface suggested to use push buttons or liquid crystal LCD display. Industrial Designer suggested to go for simple push buttons because it need a simple chip and it's really lesser and really less expensive compared to LCD. For energy there were two or three possibilities: simple battery, or traditional solar cells or mm and the material we can have plastic, rubber which is good for this R-S-A and then titanium, which can be very good look.
Industrial Designer recommended to use simple battery instead of solar cells because it would be problematic to have enough energy with the solar cells. Also, the Industrial Designer thought titanium was better than rubber because it was light and it could be made in one place. Besides, the industrial designer thought LCD was cheaper than LCD.
The user interface designer proposed to use a simple push button with a simple chip and LCD display because it was really lesser and less expensive compared to LCD and advanced chip technology. For energy, there were two or three possibilities: simple battery or traditional solar cells. The material could be plastic or rubber. The Industrial Designer proposed to go for titanium design instead of rubber.
User Interface proposed to use push buttons and LCD display. Industrial Designer proposed to go for simple push buttons because it need a simple chip and it's really lesser and less expensive compared to LCD. User Interface also proposed to have some speech recognition chip in the remote control which can use microphone sensors to locate remote control in a room.
The marketing proposed having different colours for the product because it would be easier for customers to identify the remote control in different colours. However, the Industrial Designer pointed out that it would not be easy for the customers to tell the difference between the different colours of the remote controls in different rooms.
Marketing believed that the remote control should be easy to find, easy to use and easy to lose. It should not be complicated to use. The remote control could be put in a holder or a holder holder. The buttons could be made out of plastic or titanium. There should be some kind of logo on it to identify the product. The logo should be in the shape of the user.
Marketing gave a presentation on trend watching on what he's been doing. The group discussed about possible technical specifications and how easy they can do and within their price range, like they're to be in their twelve Euros or around that. They decided to use push buttons or liquid crystal LCD display. They would like to have some speech recognition chip in their remote control, which can be simple kind of programmable chip and which can use microphone sensors. And they could use some, moving kind of thing. They also decided to go for titanium design instead of rubber.
Marketing learned that the trend was to make the remote control look and feel like a mobile phone. The marketing also learned that people were interested in the shape of the buttons, which was a double-curved shape. Also, the marketing learned that there was a trend to make it look like a fruit or vegetable.
Marketing suggested that the remote control should be made of plastic, titanium or rubber. Industrial Designer and User Interface agreed on titanium because it was light and looked good. However, they could not use double-curved shapes because it would be difficult to make the moulding of buttons and these things. Marketing also suggested that they could make the whole body with rubber, but it was more expensive.
This was the last meeting of the detailed design meeting. Industrial Designer and User Interface first gave a presentation on the prototype of the remote control, showing it to the group. The prototype was in the shape of a banana, with the colour and approximate shape of banana. The whole thing was made of rubber and the buttons were on the side, while the LCD and scroll were inside. The remote control could be made to scale, or could be smaller. Then Project Manager introduced the evaluation criteria that the group was going to be evaluating the product against, and the group evaluated the whole process of production and design that they had been through. After that, the group had a brief evaluation of the product.
Industrial Designer and User Interface presented the prototype of the remote control based on the evaluation criteria from Cat and the financial limits. They both agreed that it was a good product with good features and it was easy to use. However, it was not as cool as they expected it to be because it was only made of rubber and the buttons were too big and too small. The product was only suitable for television because it lacked the LCD screen and the scroll, but it was still good enough. The team also agreed that the colour and approximate shape of banana made it trendy.
Project Manager agreed with Marketing when assessing the criteria of matching the operating behaviour of the user. Project Manager thought that the remote control should be user-friendly and it should be easy to use. However, Project Manager did not agree with Marketing because he thought that it was not easy to design a remote control that was easy to be used and easy to lose.
User Interface thought the remote control was intuitive because it was easy to use and easy to find. Industrial Designer agreed that it was intuitive, but User Interface thought it was hard to find the exact number of channels on the channel cover. Project Manager agreed that there were too many channels on it, but Industrial Designer pointed out that they could make it smaller and make it to scale.
Project Manager informed the team that the budget for the project was twenty-five million Euros, which was within the budget limit set by Cat. However, the team had to make sure that the cost of the product would not exceed the budget. Marketing suggested that the remote control could be made to a smaller size to fit into the budget, and the team agreed to do so. Project Manager also suggested that they could use the same colour as the current trend of fruits and vegetables.
Marketing agreed with the group mates when discussing the spin wheel with LCD display. He thought it was cool because it looked like the curvy User Interface's curvy shape. And he thought it would be easy to use since it was made of rubber. Marketing also thought that it was a good idea to incorporate the LCD display into the product because it was easy to see what was on the screen.
Industrial Designer thought that they had lost their evaluation criteria when discussing whether they lost their remote control because the product was too small. But User Interface and Marketing disagreed with Industrial Designer because they thought the remote control was too big and it was hard to fit in the hand. Industrial Designer thought they could make it smaller.
The whole meeting was about the prototype of the voice-recognized remote control. Industrial Designer and User Interface presented the prototype to the team and gave a detailed design of the remote control based on the last meeting's discussion. After that, the team discussed the interchangeable faces and came up with a natural-looking fruity look for the product. The team also discussed the functions of the slide-out panel and the multiple colours coming out. Then, the meeting moved on to a discussion about the battery compartment, which would be used for charging the device. Finally, the group discussed the battery life of the device and decided to use a rechargeable battery for the battery.
Project Manager reviewed some problems from the past meetings. Industrial Designer and User Interface thought that the remote control was too big for the hand-held remote control. Project Manager agreed and pointed out that they could make it smaller. Marketing thought it would be a good idea to have interchangeable faces on the front and back of the remote, but Project Manager thought it might not be practical for the budget. Marketing also thought the remote should be only for television and not for the rest of the world.
The Industrial Design believed that the remote control would not be able to meet the company's profit goals if it was only sold in one size. The Industrial Design thought that the company would have to find a new direction if they wanted to sell the product in the first place.
The Project Manager thought that the presentation contents were quite interesting. The Industrial Designer and User Interface had come up with the idea of interchangeable faces and a natural-looking remote control. The team had also designed a voice-detecting device which could be used as a remote control for the television. However, the Project Manager was not satisfied with the overall presentation contents because the team had not yet reached a consensus on the final design of the remote.
The group reflected on the meetings and their progress. Industrial Designer and User Interface gave a presentation on the prototype of the voice recognition remote control. The team decided to go for the more advanced features such as a slide-out and a fold-out bay for more advanced functions. The group also talked about the interchangeable faces and the look-and-feel of the remote control, which they called fruity-fruity. Marketing thought the product would be more user-friendly if it could be more subdued. Project Manager thought it would be a good idea to have a speech recognition option on the remote.
Industrial Design thought it was a great teamwork effort between the three team members. They worked together on the prototype and they all got along well. They all had a sense of responsibility towards each other and the team spirit. The Industrial Design thought that they had a great team spirit and teamwork was the most important part of the project.
Project Manager thought that the team had made a lot of progress in the previous meetings and their project progress seemed to be on track. However, the team members disagreed with the Project Manager because they thought that they had not done enough to meet the requirements of the market and the team was still not satisfied with the current design.
The meeting began with a brief introduction of the project and the participants' roles in the project. The group was asked to sign the consent form and fill out the speaker form and the short form. The professor informed the group that they would be transcribing a large number of digits strings and then read each line with a small pause between the lines. The pause was just so the person transcribing it could tell where one line ends and the other begins. After that, the group began reading digits strings individually. Grad A read the digit strings first and then the group went on to discuss how they would go about transcribing the rest of the digits strings. The meeting ended with a discussion about how the team could improve the quality of the transcripts. The team discussed how they could make the transcripts more user-friendly and how to improve the efficiency of the transcription process.
The team was setting up the recording equipment when the professor announced that they would be recording at least one person at a time for the next two weeks. The recording equipment would consist of a microphone, a recorder, a tape recorder, and a computer. The team would be transcribers and would be given the opportunity to edit the transcripts if they did not like what they were seeing. The professor informed the team that the team would have to pay for the equipment, but they would not be responsible for the cost of the equipment.
C thought that it would be a good idea to set up the recording equipment because they would need it for transcribers to know where the lines ended and where the pauses were so that they could tell where one line ended and the other began. C also thought that the team should be careful about the amount of time spent on the equipment because it was going to take a long time to learn how to use it.
A thought that it would be interesting to set up the recording equipment because they would need it for transcribers. However, A was concerned that they might end up with a mess of recordings. A also wanted to make sure that their equipment was compatible with each other's equipment so that they would not have to buy new equipment.
The team was concerned that the navigation system would not work as well as they expected it to. The professor explained that the team would have to figure out a way to improve the performance of the system. The team was also concerned that they would not be able to train the system well enough and that it would take too long to train it. They also wanted to make sure that the system would work well in the dark and that people would not accidentally get lost.
B thought that it would be interesting to see how the computer navigation system would work in conjunction with the speech recognition system. B thought that the system would be able to help people find their way around by telling them where they were going. However, he was concerned that it might not work as well as they expected it to because of the amount of data.
D thought that it would be interesting to see how the computer navigation system would work in conjunction with the speech recognition system. D thought that the system could be used to help people find their way around the campus. D also wanted to know if the system would be able to distinguish between different directions in different directions.
This was a Children, Young People and Education Committee meeting with Huw Irranca-Davies, Minister for Children and Social Care, also Jo-Anne Daniels, Director for Communities and Tackling Poverty, and Owain Lloyd, Deputy Director for Childcare, Play and Early Years. The meeting was mainly about the Welsh Government's childcare offer. First of all, the Minister answered a series of questions from Members, including the introduction of the Childcare Funding (Wales) Bill, the administrative burden on each local authority, and the difficulties of communicating with parents. Then, the group discussed how they could improve the quality of the service and the efficiency of the system. Finally, the meeting concluded with a discussion about the implementation of the scheme in the pilot areas.
Huw Irranca-Davies thought it was a mixed bag. It has gone well. It's been encouraging, to the extent that we're at the point where we're expanding—we've made announcements on expanding some of the early implementer areas so we can learn more lessons. But, in terms of what we're learning, one is the bureaucracy around the current approach that they're taking, because it's being done on the seven early implementers. The other big challenge we're hitting is communication. So, we're having parents, generally, who are outside the areas entirely saying, 'Why haven't we got this yet? Can we please get into it?', which is encouraging. But the other thing we're seeing is people who are within pilot authorities, where it doesn't extend to the whole authority, where they think they qualify for something under universal care.
Huw Irranca-Davies thought there were two lessons to be learned from the early implementer areas. One was the bureaucracy around the current approach that they were taking, because it was being done on the seven early implementers. It was asking parents to come in, provide their wage slips, provide the birth certificates, and so on. And the burden of administration on that was falling to each pilot area. The other big challenge they were hitting was communication. So, they were having parents, generally, who were outside the areas entirely saying, 'Why haven't we got this yet? Can we please get into it?', which was encouraging. But the other thing we were having was people who were within pilot authorities, where it didn't extend to the whole authority.
Huw Irranca-Davies explained that the pilot had gone well, but they were learning lessons as they went along. It was the sheer burden on each local authority, and each pilot area, to administer a scheme where they were asking parents to prove eligibility, to bring in documents to prove their eligibility, and to make adjustments as it went forward based on what their changing work patterns were, what their salary slips say. The other big challenge they were hitting was communication. So, they were having parents, generally, who were outside the areas entirely saying, 'Why haven't we got this yet? Can we please get into it?'
Huw Irranca-Davies said that they were confident in the volume and the complexity of the offer, but they were learning lessons as they went along. The biggest challenge they were facing was the bureaucracy around the current approach that they're taking, because it was being done on the seven early implementers. It was incredibly bureaucratic. The other big challenge they're hitting is communication. So, they were having parents, generally, who were outside the areas entirely saying, 'Why haven't we got this yet? Can we please get into it?'
When Huw Irranca-Davies mentioned that they had learned from the experience of other countries, Barry Hughes thought that it was actually quite hard to get parents to register with the local authorities when they were outside the pilot area. So, they had to rely on the HM Revenue and Customs type of system, where parents had to provide their wage slips, provide the birth certificates, and so on. And the burden of administration on that was falling to each pilot area, which was not easy to do.
Huw Irranca-Davies thought that they were confident about the capacity in the next several years to deliver the product because they had learned from the different experiences in England where they were faced with different issues in terms of the technical issues. They were confident that they would be able to buy into the different types of technical issues that they had seen in England, including the big issues with the border issue.
Huw Irranca-Davies explained that the hourly rate of the service would depend on the number of hours worked by the provider and the amount of money spent by the parents. The hourly rate would be determined by the local authorities, and the provider would be paid according to the hours worked. In addition, the hourly rates would be set by the Minister for Children and Social Care on behalf of the Government.
Huw Irranca-Davies believed that the hourly rate of the service was affordable for the lowest-income working families. However, he also admitted that it was not easy to compare hourly rates of childcare in England and Wales because there was a lot of variation in the hourly rates in both countries. Therefore, the Welsh Government would have to look at the whole range of hourly rates to make sure that they were affordable.
Huw Irranca-Davies thought that the pilots in Cardiff and Newport had gone well, but they were learning lessons as they went along. It's been encouraging, to the extent that they're at the point where they're expanding—we've made announcements on expanding some of the early implementer areas so we can learn more lessons. But, in terms of what they're learning, one is the bureaucracy around the current approach that they were taking, because it was being done on the seven early implementers. It was incredibly bureaucratic. The other big challenge they were hitting was communication. So, they were having parents, generally, who were outside the areas entirely saying, 'Why haven't we got this yet? Can we please get into it?', which was encouraging. But the other thing they were seeing was people who were within pilot authorities, where it didn't extend to the whole authority, where they thought they qualified for something under universal care.
Huw Irranca-Davies believed that the childcare offer would have a positive impact on children, as it would be more affordable, more accessible, and more accessible for working parents. However, it would also have a negative impact on working parents, as they would have to pay more for childcare. Therefore, the government had to balance the cost of the offer with the benefit to children, and the cost would be determined by the local authorities.
Huw Irranca-Davies thought that the Flying Start scheme had gone well in pilot areas, but they were learning lessons as they went along. It was encouraging to see parents who were outside the areas entirely saying, 'Why haven't we got this yet? Can we please get into it?', which was encouraging. But the other thing they were having was people who were within pilot authorities, where it didn't extend to the whole authority. So, they were also hitting those parents.
Huw Irranca-Davies believed that it was very important to ensure the high qualification and quality of the workforce while the rates remained at £4.50. In addition, he believed that the Welsh Government had a duty to ensure that the workforce was fit for purpose and that they had a system in place to make sure that they would have enough staff to cover the demand.
The whole meeting was about the prototype of remote control. First of all, Project Manager asked Industrial Designer and User Interface to present the prototype. The prototype was big and yellow with big buttons and everything was blue except the power button and the mute button. To the right was volume up and to the left was volume down. The joystick was for the volume and the channels. There was an LCD screen with the company logo on it. The remote control could be turned inside so that it could operate all the things. Then, the group evaluated the product based on the marketing strategy, on the latest trends, on user preferences and on base of each criterion, they gave a rating. The group agreed that the remote control was technologically innovative, technologically innovative and technologically advanced. However, it was not very user-friendly.
User Interface introduced the prototype of the remote control. The prototype was yellow, rubber and hard plastic. The buttons were big with blue and everything was blue except the power button and the mute button. The joystick was for the volume and the channels and the LCD was for controlling the TV. The remote control could be turned inside so that it could operate all the things. User Interface also introduced how it worked. It would come up when the user pressed a button.
Marketing designed a few evaluation criteria based on the marketing strategy, on the latest trends, on user preferences and on base of each criteria, Marketing gave a rating on the basis of each criterion. For each criterion, Marketing used a seven-point scale from true, as well as to false, seven. The scale was designed to give an average of one to seven points for each feature of the remote control.
Marketing gave a few evaluation criterias based on the marketing strategy, on the latest trends, on user preferences and on base of each criteria, the team gave a rating on the basis of each criterion. The team agreed that the remote control was technologically innovative, technologically innovative and technologically advanced. On the other hand, they agreed that it was user-friendly and easy to use. However, they did not agree on whether it was fashionable or not. In the end, they gave an average rating of three out of five.
The team agreed that the remote control would cost twenty-five Euros and fifty-five Euro to produce. The cost of the components would be fifty five Euros each. The team also agreed that they would have to make a profit of fifty million Euros to meet the production cost.
Industrial Designer and User Interface first presented the prototype of the remote control to the team. The prototype was big and yellow with big buttons and everything was blue except the power button and the mute button. The joystick was for the volume and the channels. There was an LCD screen and the company logo on the side. The team evaluated the product based on the marketing strategy, on the latest trends, on user preferences and on base of each of the criteria, they gave a rating to the product. They agreed that the product was technologically innovative, technologically innovative and user-friendly. They also agreed that it was easy to use and easy to learn.
The whole meeting followed the same structure as the last one. Industrial Designer, User Interface Designer, Marketing and Project Manager each gave their presentations on what they've been up to. Then the group discussed the components' properties, materials, the user interface and any trends that the Marketing Expert had been watching. They reached a consensus on the battery type, the shape and the material of the remote control. Then, they discussed the energy source and the kinetic energy source. Finally, they reached a decision on the key remote control concepts based on the market trend and the user requirements.
Industrial Designer gave a brief introduction to the insides of a remote control and discussed the various components, including the battery, the chip, the circuit board, the buttons, and the user interface. Marketing then gave a presentation on market trends and suggested that the remote should be user-friendly, with fewer buttons and a simpler design. Project Manager then asked Industrial Designer, User Interface and Marketing to give their presentations on remote components, materials, user interface and market trends respectively.
Industrial Designer thought that the scroll wheel was not very user-friendly because it was hard to see what was happening on the screen and the buttons were too far away to see. So he suggested that the remote control could be made with a scroll wheel instead. However, the Project Manager pointed out that it would be quite expensive and it might not be suitable for the budget.
Marketing thought LCD was a good idea because people would be more willing to spend more money on a remote control if it had an LCD screen. Besides, it would be easier for people to see what was on the screen when they were looking at the remote control instead of pressing buttons.
Project Manager started the discussion about the key remote control concepts. Industrial Designer, User Interface and Marketing gave their presentations on the components' properties, materials, the user interface and any trends that the Marketing Expert had been watching. Then, Industrial Designer and User Interface gave a presentation on the battery type and the kinetic energy source. Project Manager then asked the group to make a decision about which remote control would be the most user-friendly and which one would be technologically innovative. The group decided on the kinetic one since it was the least expensive and the least complicated.
Marketing suggested that the remote control could be made out of wood because it would be cheaper and more durable than the plastic one. However, Industrial Designer pointed out that the wood case would be more expensive. Project Manager disagreed and suggested that they could make it out of plastic since it was more convenient for the customers. Industrial Designer also suggested that it could also be made of titanium since titanium was more expensive than wood. The group agreed on the idea.
Marketing thought that push-buttons would be a good idea because it would be easy for people to find the remote control in the room. But Industrial Designer thought that the push buttons would be hard to find in the dark room. Project Manager agreed that push buttons were easy to find and easy to use. User Interface thought that it would not be a bad idea to have push buttons on the remote.
The Children, Young People and Education Committee was a scrutiny session with a focus on higher and further education. The meeting started with Kirsty Williams, Cabinet Secretary for Education, Eluned Morgan, Minister for Welsh Language and Lifelong Learning, and Huw Morris, who is the group director of skills, higher education and lifelong learning. The first questions were from Suzy Davies. First of all, Suzy asked whether there was still a problem recruiting teachers into the 300 priority places, or was there a trend where things were getting better. Kirsty admitted that there was a problem, but there was also a lot of activity to respond to. The second question was about the reasons behind the problem, and the answer was that it was not just about ITE provision, but also about the attitudes of young people towards the teaching profession. The third question was from Dawn Bowden, who wanted to know if there was any evidence of a problem in secondary school teacher training. The answer was the same as the first one, but the reason behind it was still unknown.
According to Kirsty Williams, there was a trend in recent years in filling the places for secondary school teacher training. However, it was still a problem recruiting teachers into the 300 priority places. In January of this year, he set up an advisory board on the recruitment and retention of teaching staff, and they were awaiting some reports from that advisory group on what they felt that they should do next. They had looked at financial incentives. They were also trying to make sure that the ITE provision was world-class, so that Welsh centres were the place to go to train to be a teacher. In terms of the reasons for it, they had taken steps to respond to those needs, but there was still work to do.
According to Kirsty Williams, there was still a problem recruiting teachers into the 300 priority places, but there was a trend where things were getting better. They had looked at financial incentives. For example, for priority subjects, with graduates with the very highest levels of qualifications, those financial incentives were now £20,000 a year. They were also embarking on their first ever ITE recruitment marketing exercise. However, for this year's intake, although they were in touch with their providers, they were not in a position to be able to give figures for the intake for a couple of months. In January of this year I set up an advisory board on the recruitment and retention of teaching staff.
According to Kirsty Williams, there was no doubt that their action was not enough. In January of this year I set up an advisory board on the recruitment and retention of teaching staff, and they are awaiting some reports from that advisory group on what they feel that we should do next. We have looked at financial incentives. We are now part of a full national programme of ITE recruitment, giving people that idea that you can serve your nation and your community by training to be a teacher. We're also embarking on our first ever national ITE recruiting marketing exercise.
According to Kirsty Williams, the decision of not accrediting the University of South Wales with the ability to deliver teacher training was made on the basis of the lack of evidence that the institution was able to deliver the quality of teacher training that was required by the Welsh Government. However, it was also believed that it was a matter of national interest that the accreditor should be accredited by the Higher Education Accrediting Commission for Wales. Therefore, they decided not to accredit the university, as they did not think it was in the best interest of the students.
Kirsty Williams believed that the decision of not accrediting the University of South Wales with the ability to deliver teacher training was based on a number of factors, including the fact that it was not in the best interest of the students, the quality of the teaching staff, and the financial sustainability of the institution. In addition, Kirsty Williams pointed out that there was no evidence to suggest that the university was able to deliver quality teacher training in a timely and efficient manner.
Kirsty Williams believed that the current geographic spread of provision was not a problem because the University of South Wales was located in Wales, and it was the best place to deliver teacher training in Wales. However, it was still necessary to look at how they could improve the quality of the provision in other parts of the UK. In addition, Kirsty Williams pointed out that it was not necessarily about the geographic spread, but about the quality and the ability of the provider to deliver the training.
According to Kirsty Williams, it was not just about the number of places, but also about the quality of the universities and the competitiveness of those universities. In terms of the mergers, they were looking at whether there was a need to look at whether it was a good idea or not, and whether it would be better to have a national system or a regional system. In the end, they decided to keep the regional system, but they would look at the national system if it was better.
According to Kirsty Williams, he was not aware of any mergers in the higher education sector, but he was aware of the difficulties faced by the universities in terms of recruiting and retaining teachers. He also pointed out that it was not just about ITE provision, but also about the quality of the teaching and the training that was available in Wales. Therefore, he believed that the best way to solve the problem would be to recruit more teachers from across the UK.
According to Kirsty Williams, there had not been any disadvantages to Cardiff Met because that merger did not go ahead. In fact, it had been a great success story for the whole of Wales and it would be great to see them continuing to grow and develop in the future.
According to Kirsty Williams, they had been in contact with the teachers' unions and they were trying to work out a solution to the pay dispute situation. However, it was not easy for the teachers to agree to a wage increase because they had not been paid in the last two years. In the meantime, they were still trying to reach an agreement with the unions. In addition, the government was also trying to find a solution for the teacher shortage.
According to Eluned Morgan, the pay dispute was not about the money, but about the principle of equal pay for equal work and equal opportunity for all. The government had done a lot of work to try to make sure that the pay of teachers was fair and equal across the board. However, there was still room for improvement in terms of the pay and conditions.
When discussing the pay dispute situation, Eluned Morgan answered that the government was not in favor of greater pay equality between schoolteachers and FE. However, he admitted that it was important that there was a balance between the pay and the quality of the education system in Wales, and it was also important to balance the two systems.
The meeting with the Welsh Government in relation to the impact of the coronavirus pandemic on health and social services as they relate to children and young people in Wales was mainly about the implementation of the exit strategy, especially in the context of reopening schools. First of all, the meeting was about the current situation, which included the number of children who were in critical care, as well as a number of other vulnerable groups, such as the elderly, disabled, and people with mental health problems. Then, the group discussed the impact on the education system and the childcare sector, and also the effect on the families and the wider community. Finally, they discussed the financial situation of the NHS and social care in Wales, and how the government should respond to the situation.
According to Vaughan Gething AM, the mental health service would continue to operate as normal during the lockdown. However, they would have to adapt to meet the needs of the children and young people in the long term. They would also have to consider the impact of the lockdown on other services, such as the police service and the fire service, in order to ensure the safety of the public.
When talking about the ways of continuing mental health service during the lockdown, Vaughan Gething thought that it was important to have a mental health recovery plan in place to ensure that people who needed it would be able to access it. However, it was also important to keep in mind that there would be some difficulties in getting people to access the service. Therefore, they would have to be very careful about how they used it.
Tracey Breheny answered Sian Gwenllian AM's question by pointing out that the mental health service had been able to provide services to children and young people during the lockdown, which was one of the few positives in this condition. However, it was still not a final picture of the picture in terms of the overall picture in this area, and they were still learning.
The group talked about the evaluations on the increasing suicide crimes during the COVID-19 and the long-term special care for the pregnant women. They agreed that it was a positive sign that they had seen a reduction in the number of pregnant women who had attempted suicide during the pandemic, which was a good sign. However, they still needed to keep an eye on the situation in terms of the longer-term care for pregnant women, as well as the mental health and substance misuse services.
When talking about the evaluations on the increasing suicide crimes during the coronavirus pandemic, Vaughan Gething mentioned that the long-term special care for the pregnant women was one of the few positives in this condition. In terms of the evaluation on the crisis care, the Welsh Government was satisfied with the results, but they still needed more work to do.
When discussing the long-term special care for the pregnant women, Lynne Neagle AM pointed out that the perinatal mental health service was one of the few positives in this condition. However, Vaughan Gething AM thought that it was still a developing knowledge base and the rest of the world was still trying to understand that too.
According to Vaughan Gething AM, the priority for the vulnerable children and adequate social support for those who were in foster care was to ensure that they got the support that they needed, and they were doing everything they could to make sure that they were getting the support they needed. However, it was still not clear to the committee whether they were achieving that goal or not, and it would depend on how they went about it.
Julie Morgan thought that the monitoring system for the vulnerable children was in place and it was working well. However, they were still learning a lot about the system and they needed to continue to improve it. There was still a lot of work to be done in terms of improving the system.
Julie Morgan mentioned that they had been working with the foster organizations to ensure that there was an adequate level of social support for those children who were in foster. They had been able to get the support that they needed from the social services, and they were continuing to work with the organizations to make sure that they were able to meet the needs of those children.
According to the group, they believed that the Welsh Government had done a good job in terms of the recognition of the children's rights, protection and demands. However, there was still room for improvement in the implementation of the system. They believed that it was still not clear that the system was working as it was supposed to work, and they needed to continue to work with the government to ensure that it did.
According to Julie Morgan, the Welsh Government had received over 2,000 responses to the online survey, and the results showed that there was a wide range of opinions on the legitimacy of the children's rights, protection and demands. However, it was still too early to draw any conclusions about the results of the survey. In fact, the government was still trying to understand the scale of the problem and the impact of the coronavirus pandemic on the children.
Albert Heaney thought that the coronavirus act was an attempt to regulate the children's rights, protection and demands during the pandemic, which was not in line with the general principles of the law. Heaney also pointed out that there was no evidence to suggest that the law was effective in terms of reducing the number of unwell children in the system, and it was unlikely to do so in the long term.
The meeting began with a brief introduction to the current status of the transcription project. The team was working on transcribing the initial data from the SmartKom data collection, which was only five or seven minute sessions. The transcribers were in the process of transcribing some of the data, but there was still no data back from IBM. The meeting then moved on to discuss the current state of the IBM transcription project, which seemed to be moving along well, but the team was still waiting for the data to be sent to them. The group also discussed how they could get more data transcribed from the initial SmartKOM data collection. Finally, the meeting ended with a discussion about how the team could incorporate the data from other sources into their model, e.g. the transcriptions from the ICSI data.
The team was concerned that they were running out of space on their disk drive. The professor suggested that they could try moving the data to another disk, but this would require more space on the computer. The team was also concerned about the cost of moving data to a new disk. The discussion turned to how they could figure out how much space they had left on the current disk, and how to deal with it.
Grad E thought that it would be a good idea to move the data to disk, but he was not sure how much space they would need. Grad E also suggested that they could store the data on tape, but that was not practical since they were not sure if they would be able to fit it on a disk.
The group thought that Dave was a valuable addition to the team and that it was a good thing that he was leaving. However, they all agreed that it would be a good idea to find someone else to take over Dave's role. The team was concerned that Dave would not be able to devote as much time to the project as he was used to.
The team discussed the logistics of moving meetings around to accommodate different types of data collection. They realized that they would need to reschedule some of the meetings to accommodate the data collection, but they were not sure if that would be feasible. The team also wanted to figure out a way to get the data collected from SmartKom into the system for transcribers. Finally, the team discussed how they could figure out how much time they could devote to transcribing the data.
The professor thought that it would be a good idea to schedule future meetings. He thought that the team should figure out a way to get more people in the same room for the same amount of time. He also suggested that they could use the same system for transcribers, but it would take time to train.
The team was trying to figure out how to best fit meetings into their schedule. They realized that they were running out of time, so they would have to reschedule some of the meetings. The professor joked that they could schedule meetings around each other's work, but it would be a challenge. The team thought that they should figure out a better way to fit meetings in.
This was the kick-off meeting for the new television remote control project. Project Manager started the meeting by introducing the opening of the project and the opening agenda. Then, Project Manager introduced the team members and the tools they have here, and they discussed about their first ideas about the project. After that, Marketing introduced the target market, which was mainly young people, and the remote control would be aimed at them. The target price would be 25 Euros and the production cost would be 12.5 Euros. The remote control was expected to sell at a profit of 25 million Euros. In the end, the team decided to design a new remote control with a fancy look and feel and a trendy design.
The group agreed that the remote control should be trendy, modern and friendly. It should have the the right buttons on the right place. The remote control was only for young people, so size and shape did not matter. The group decided to make it fashionable. They should make it in the international market. The target group should be young people aged between 18 and 25. The team agreed that they should target the international markets.
User Interface suggested that the remote control should be user-friendly and easy to use. Industrial Designer suggested that it should not be too big or too small. Project Manager agreed with User Interface. Marketing thought that it was important to have the right buttons on the right place. And Project Manager thought it was also important to be trendy.
Marketing thought that the remote control should be trendy, modern and user-friendly so that it could appeal to all age groups. The group agreed that they should target the international market and make it appealing to all kinds of people. Marketing also suggested that they could also target the youth market. However, they should keep in mind that it would be hard for the youth to spend a lot of money on a remote control.
When discussing the desired features of remote control, User Interface suggested that the remote control should be able to control different kinds of devices, such as DVD players, video players, stereos and stereos. Industrial Designer suggested that they could make it look like a banana, but it would be a bit childish if they used banana peel as the colour. Project Manager agreed and proposed that they should make it like a normal banana.
When discussing the desired features of remote control, User Interface suggested that the buttons should be easy to find and easy to use. Industrial Designer suggested that they should be in the middle of the remote control so that users could find them easily. Project Manager agreed and proposed that they could make the buttons for volume up and down, channel change, volume up, volume down, power on/off, mute, channel changing, channel flipping, channel surfing, and volume up/down.
The product manager wanted to achieve the expected profit when discussing the group's plan of their marketing strategy. The group agreed that the profit aim should be fifty million Euros. The profit aim would be achieved by selling fifty million units of the remote control, which would make a profit of twenty-five million euros.
This was the 12th meeting of the House of Commons Special Committee on the COVID-19 Pandemic. The meeting was mainly about petitions and statements by members. First on the list for presenting petitions was Ms. Elizabeth May, who was joining the meeting via video conference. The next petition was presented by Mr. Garnett Genuis, in support of Bill S-204, which would make it a criminal offence for someone to go abroad to receive an organ for which there has not been consent. The petitioners called on the government to put in place a system of universal national pharmacare, bringing down the cost of drugs through bulk purchasing. Then, the meeting moved on to ministerial announcements, which were mainly about the government's efforts to fight the coronavirus outbreak. Finally, there was a question-and-answer period, during which the members asked questions to the ministers about the current situation in the country. The ministers answered the questions in a timely manner, and the meeting concluded with a short statement by the Prime Minister.
Hon. Chrystia Freeland asked the Prime Minister about the delay of the government's response towards Covid-19. The Prime Minister answered that the government was committed to doing everything in its power to protect the lives and the health of Canadians, including the families of those who had lost their lives due to the virus. However, the opposition party argued that it was not enough to wait for the coronavirus to get out of the country. Hon. Bill Blair pointed out that there was still a long way to go in terms of the response, and the government should not delay any further.
The opposition party and the Prime Minister commented about companies laying off workers in the midst of pandemic. However, the opposition party pointed out that it was not the first time that the government had laid off workers during the pandemic, and it would not be the last time. The opposition party also demanded the government to implement a wage supplement to ensure that workers would not lose their jobs because of the wage freeze. The Prime Minister assured the members that they would do everything in their power to make sure that workers were not laid off.
Hon. Carla Qualtrough (Minister of Families, Children and Social Development) introduced that the government was committed to providing long-term care to the most vulnerable Canadians. However, the opposition party questioned whether the government had done enough to ensure the safety and security of the elderly and vulnerable people.
Hon. Carla Qualtrough (Minister of Families, Children and Social Development) informed the committee that the government had received reports from the provinces and territories that showed that long-term care facilities in Canada were in need of urgent attention. However, the opposition party questioned the government about the delay in releasing the report, and the minister answered that they would be releasing it as soon as possible.
Hon. Chrystia Freeland (Minister of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness) introduced that the government was working with the provinces and territories to establish a fund-raising campaign to help the families of the victims of the COVID-19. However, the opposition party raised the question about whether the government should fund a particular fundraising campaign in order to ensure that the families would not have to rely on donations from the general public. The opposition party argued that it was not the government's duty to fund a specific campaign.
Hon. Chrystia Freeland introduced that the government was working with the provinces and territories to develop a plan to bring down the deficit, which was going to be phased in over a period of time. The government would have to balance the budget over the next three to four years, and it was expected that they would be able to do that. Hon. Bill Blair assured the committee that they were continuing to work with the premiers and the provinces to develop the plan.
Hon. Chrystia Freeland (Minister of foreign affairs and international trade) informed the committee that the government was committed to maintaining a strong and mutually beneficial economic relationship with the United Kingdom in the face of the COVID-19 pandemic. However, the opposition party members pointed out that the current situation in the UK was very difficult and the government had not been able to meet the financial needs of the people of the UK. The opposition party also raised the issue of the financial crisis in the U.K. and the potential damage to the bilateral relations.
Hon. Chrystia Freeland (Minister of public safety and emergency preparedness) informed the committee that the government was working closely with the provinces and territories to ensure that the supply chains were safe and secure, and the government would continue to work with the private sector to ensure the safety and security of our supply chains. Hon. Carla Qualtrough, Minister of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness, introduced that the Government was continuing to work closely with private sector partners to ensure a safe, secure and efficient supply chain.
Hon. Chrystia Freeland pointed out that China had been hoarding personal protective equipment -PPE - for over a year and a half now, and the government had done everything in its power to ensure that it was safe for Canadians to access it. However, China had not done enough to ensure the safety of Canadians during the pandemic, and it was a matter of great concern to the government and the people of Canada.
Hon. Chrystia Freeland (Minister of public safety and emergency preparedness) explained that the government was not going to give money to companies which did not put the amount into proper use. However, the opposition party argued that the money should be put to good use and the government should be held accountable for the money that was given to companies that were not putting it into use.
Hon. Patty Hajdu introduced that the government was committed to improving long-term care facilities and protecting the seniors. The opposition party questioned about the government's support for the seniors, and the minister assured the opposition party that they would continue to work with the provinces and territories to ensure the safety and security of the seniors and their families in these facilities.
Hon. Carla Qualtrough (Minister of Families, Children and Social Development) introduced that the government was committed to addressing the seniors care crisis in Canada. However, it was not clear whether the government had done enough to tackle the problem. The opposition party then raised the issue of the shortage of prescription medications in Canada, which was a serious concern for the elderly and disabled people.
The meeting began with a brief introduction to the Aurora project and a brief discussion about the intermediate categories that the team was working on. The team was trying to figure out how to reduce the number of errors in their system by using a multi-band feature set. The meeting ended with a discussion about how the team could further improve the system by learning from each other's results. The group then moved on to discuss how they could further train the system.
The group discussed the TORRENT schedule and intermediate categorization. The professor thought that the team should wait for Sunil to complete his last meeting before they start working on the chip. The team was two months away from being done with the project, but they were still two months behind schedule. The group also discussed how to reduce the number of errors in the intermediate categories by using a multi-band approach.
Grad F explained that he had just finished a section on talking about these intermediate categories that he wanted to classify as a middle step. Grad F thought that the intermediate features were reasonable to classify right now with a complete set of features. The trick was to start with these intermediate features and reduce the errors with a more complete system.
Grad F thought that it would be a good idea to start with intermediate features to reduce the number of errors in the system and then combine them with the complete feature set. Grad F was also interested in how the system could reduce the amount of noise produced by the extra features.
The team was working on mean subtraction in SRI. They were trying to reduce the number of errors in the system by subtracting from the sum of the errors produced by the multi-band features. The team thought that they could start with a set of intermediate features to classify and then combine them with other techniques to reduce errors.
The professor thought that echoes and reverberation were interesting features in the model, but it was not clear if they could be used to train the system or not. He thought that it would be a good idea to test the model with a different set of acoustic features.
PhD C thought that the signal to noise ratio was too high for the task. He thought that they could reduce the error rate by looking at the amount of noise in the signal. PhD C also thought that it would be a good idea to start with a more complete set of intermediate features to classify.
The whole meeting was about the design of the pot. Firstly, Industrial Designer and User Interface presented the prototype to the group. The prototype was pretty much like the one they drew in the last meeting. Then, the group evaluated the prototype and decided to make some changes to improve its appearance. After that, the team evaluated the cost of the new design and decided that it would cost 12.5 Euros to produce.
Industrial Designer and User Interface first presented the prototype of the pot to the group. It was pretty much like Mike drew it in the last meeting. The prototype had the round shape with the basic shape, the upper part being the front and the lower part was made of titanium. The logo in the upper corner was double-curved and double-shaped. The front and back were made of hard plastic with different colours. The lower part of the device was titanium and had the titanium colour of the look. On the back, there was a double logo and a double oval shape. The cover was bright and bright colours with different patterns and pictures and fancier colours.
The Industrial Designer and the Project Manager agreed that the LCD screen would be the most important feature of the remote control. The Project Manager thought it would be a good idea to have an LCD screen because it would make it easier for users to see what was happening on the screen. However, the Industrial Designer pointed out that it would cost more than the regular LCD screen, so they could not use it. The User Interface suggested that they could make a special case for the LCD and put it on the cover.
Project Manager thought the prototype was pretty much like Mike drew it during the last meeting. It had the round shape, the basic shape and the double-curved logo on the front. The upper part of the front was made of hard plastic and the lower part was titanium. The company logo was made in the upper corner and the back was made from titanium. There were different colours for the launch and more interesting covers with different patterns and pictures on them. The project manager thought the buttons were too small and the design was difficult to use.
User Interface thought that the titanium was a good choice because it was the most expensive part of the device. However, he also pointed out that the cost of titanium would be higher than the other materials, so it would be better to use other materials like plastic or wood.
Industrial Designer pointed out that the titanium was the most expensive part of the product, and it would be hard to replace it with plastic because it was only the front and the lower part, which was made of titanium, and the titanium colour was the look and feel of the device.
User Interface suggested that the product quotation should be based on the cost of the production and the quality of the product. Industrial Designer and User Interface agreed. Project Manager thought it would be better if the product was only priced at 25 Euros. However, Industrial Designer insisted that it should be priced at 50 Euros for the basic version and 25 Euros for a fancy one.
The whole meeting was about the design of the remote control. First, User Interface gave a presentation on the interface concept and then Industrial Designer and User Interface presented on the buttons they just chose and their personal preferences. Then, Project Manager asked the group to discuss the colour, shape and material of the case and the whole remote control in the next meeting. After that, Marketing presented about the market trend and suggested that the remote should be trendy and trendy-looking. Finally, the group discussed the colour and shape of the buttons and decided to use the same colour and material.
User Interface said that there were too many buttons on the remote control. The mute button to switch the volume on and off, the channels buttons, one to nine, and the button to choose higher channels than nine, the volume and channel quadrants, left and right, up and down arrows, to do the Volume and Channel and the menu menu button to man manipulate the LCD display. The arrow B buttons could be blue. User Interface recommended a yellow case with round edges and the company logo at the bottom.
User Interface answered Project Manager's question about the icon design on the buttons by pointing out that the channel and volume buttons had up and down arrows, while the mute button was a V-shaped button and the channels buttons were one to nine, and the button to choose higher channels than nine. Also, the menu button was not clear, so User Interface suggested to use the arrows for the menu.
Industrial Designer first gave a presentation about the interface concept of the remote control. User Interface followed with a presentation on the buttons they just chose. Then, Project Manager asked the group to design the case and the whole remote control in yellow colour and design. Industrial Designer suggested a yellow case with round edges and the company logo at the bottom. The group then discussed the function of the mute button to switch the volume on and off, channels buttons, one to nine, and the button to choose higher channels than nine. Also, the volume and channel quadrants, left and right, up and down arrows, to do the Volume and Channel and the menu menu button to man manipulate the LCD display were discussed. Marketing suggested that the menu button should be clear that users could use the arrows.
Industrial Designer thought that the customers' taste in remote controls was pretty standard. Most of the time, they were all pretty high-end, large and and pretty thin. However, some of the buttons were too big or too small. The channels buttons were one to nine, and the button to choose higher channels than nine. Also, the volume and channel quadrants, left and right, up and down arrows, to do the Volume and Channel and the menu menu button to man manipulate the LCD display were pretty standard as well.
Industrial Designer proposed to use advanced chips to control the LCD display, but the Project Manager pointed out that the cost would be too high. So the team decided to use a combination of advanced chips and LCD display. Project Manager also suggested that they could use the same chip for both the LCD and the advanced chip, but User Interface objected to this idea because it would be a compromise between the cost and the innovation.
Marketing found that the market trend was that people would like their remote controls to be pretty large, thin and long. Also, they would like the buttons to be big, bright yellow and the company logo at the bottom. The channel buttons, one to nine, and the button to choose higher channels than nine, were considered to be trendy. The volume and channel quadrants, left and right, up and down arrows, were also considered trendy.
Industrial Designer suggested a yellow case with round edges and the company logo at the bottom, while User Interface suggested a set of buttons with his own colour and the colour of his own. Project Manager thought that the cost of the remote control should not be too much as it would not be hard to find the parts in the market. The team agreed on the cost at 12.5 Euros.
The meeting with the Children, Young People and Education Committee was mainly about the financial sustainability of the higher education sector in Wales. David Blaney and Bethan Owen were the chief executives of the Higher Education Funding Council for Wales and deputy chief executive of HEFCW respectively, respectively. The meeting started with the evidence session on the new academic year allocations, which was about the funding gap between England and Wales, and the current uncertainty as a result of the Augar review in England and whether that might play into Wales. Next, the group discussed the financial indicators of the universities in Wales, including the demographic dip of 18-year-olds, which is deeper and longer in Wales than it is elsewhere in the UK. There were also increased pension costs and, actually, increased costs generally. The group also discussed the impact of the UK-wide cost-cutting, which had a detrimental effect on the capacity of the system. Finally, the meeting ended with a discussion about the current financial situation of the Welsh universities.
There were three main causes for the financial challenges facing the universities. One was the impact of the demographic dip of 18-year-olds, which was deeper and longer in Wales than it was elsewhere in the UK. The other two were increased pension costs and, actually, increased costs generally. And, of course, there was current uncertainty as a result of the Augar review in England, and whether that might play into Wales, and also Brexit. These challenges were not unique to Wales; the majority of the UK universities were actually taking out cost one way or another. So, this was not a Welsh issue.
According to David Blaney, the universities that had secured funding for investing in their estates had done a very good job in terms of demonstrating that they were doing a good job of managing the financial sustainability of the institutions. They were not cutting at fat now, but they were cutting out core capacity. The universities that were not investing in the estates were actually taking out cost one way or another to balance the books, which had a detrimental effect on the capacity of the universities.
The government was committed to the structural change of the Welsh universities, which was going to be phased in over a period of time. The first phase would be the introduction of the Diamond reforms, and the delivery of that was hugely important. The second phase was the implementation of the Higher Education Funding Council for Wales (HFCW) reforms, which would be a combination of the HFCW and the University of Wales system. The third phase was to continue with the review of fees and funding in Wales, which aimed at addressing the funding gap between England and Wales. The government believed that the current situation was not a crisis, but rather a managed situation.
The government was committed to the university's estates strategy, and the government would continue to work with the institutions to ensure that they were able to meet their financial and social objectives. However, the government was also committed to ensuring that the universities would be able to make the right use of the money that they had been allocated, and that they would not have to cut capacity to balance the books.
According to David Blaney, the solution to risk appetite was not to cut capacity, but to invest more in the capacity to deliver the quality of the system. The challenge was to make sure that there was a balance between the risk appetite and the ability of the institutions to meet the financial needs of the students and the capacity of the universities to do so. They had to balance the need for the capacity with the need to protect the financial sustainability.
According to David Blaney, it was very important to include more people in risk management, especially in the higher education sector, as it was a very important part of the financial sustainability of the institutions. It was also very important for the institutions to be able to have a more integrated risk management system, which would help them to be more resilient in the event of a financial crisis.
According to Dr David Blaney, there was a clear distinction between institutions that were taking out cost to balance the books and those that were not. They are taking out capacity; they're not cutting at fat now, they're cutting out core capacity. The trend was towards the high-risk institutions, and the medium-risk ones were the ones that were trying to balance cost and capacity. There was a trend towards the low-risk universities, which were the institutions that had the best financial position.
Bethan Owen pointed out that the high-risk category included institutions that were either cutting capacity or taking out cost to balance the books, which would have a detrimental effect on the capacity of the system. They are taking out capacity; they're not cutting at fat now, they're cutting out core capacity. And so, the range of the curriculum, the variety of research and innovation, the contribution that universities can make will be diminished by that.
According to Dr David Blaney, the research funding of the universities in Wales would depend on the availability of the QR funding, which would be determined by the Welsh Government. However, it was not clear whether the government would be able to provide the funding for the research in the next academic year or not. In addition, the government had not given a specific figure for the amount of research funding, but it was expected to be around 12.5 per cent of the total budget.
According to David Blaney, HEFCW had not done an assessment of the effect of underfunding research, but they had seen some very positive results from the national element of the sector, which showed that the best-performing universities across the UK were the best funded across the country. There was no evidence to suggest that it would have a detrimental effect on the capacity of the system.
According to David Blaney, the allocation would contribute to educational research in Wales, as it would go towards the development of the curriculum, the range of research and innovation, the contribution of the contribution that universities can make to the higher education system. However, it would also contribute to the capacity of the universities to recruit and train the next generation of researchers, as well as the ability to attract and retain the best talent.
According to David Blaney, the Welsh universities would have to adapt to the loss of the EU funding, which would have a medium to longer term impact on the capacity of the system to deliver for Wales. There would be a reduction in the number of places for students to go to, which was a challenge for the universities, and the range of research and innovation that universities can make would be diminished by that. However, the government had already made commitments to the institutions that they would continue to invest in the capacity and innovation of the institutions, and they would be able to meet those commitments.
The whole meeting was about the technical specification of the remote control. First, User Interface presented the prototype of remote control and then Industrial Designer, Marketing and Project Manager gave some technical specifications. User Interface and Industrial Designer gave a presentation about the working prototype and then Marketing, Project Manager and User Interface gave an evaluation of the prototype based on some criteria. Then, Marketing proposed some criteria to evaluate this prototype. After that, the group discussed the material and the function of the device. The remote control would be made out of titanium and it would have an LCD display, a microphone, a jog button, a scroll wheel and some other functions. The group also discussed the cost of the product, which was decided to be 12.5 Euros. After this, they would do some finance to see if the product was feasible.
Marketing, Industrial Designer, User Interface, and Rama presented the prototype of the remote control to the team. The prototype was a working prototype that could be used by switching all these buttons by pressing a button. There was only one button missing, which was the mute button. The remote control was flexible and had LCD as well as LCD buttons on it. The team evaluated the prototype based on some criteria. Marketing and User Interface agreed that it was the best remote control for the age group. Project Manager thought it was a good idea to have the microphone on it so that users could control the volume by pressing the button. Industrial Designer thought it would be better to have an LCD instead of an LCD, but Project Manager insisted on having an LCD. Then the team discussed whether to have a speech recognition or not.
There were two advantages of the design for the prototype. First of all, it was made of titanium because it was the most modern material and it was practical. Second, it had the option of using LCD or normal buttons on the remote control. In addition, there was a button for speech recognition so that users could increase or decrease the volume by pressing a button.
Industrial Designer recommended to have the remote control in a fruity shape, with a banana-shaped shape and the fruit as its ultimate form. The banana shape would be the ultimate in appearance and it would be easy to be seen. The team could also choose the colour of banana and the shape of banana as well.
Marketing proposed some CRITIC criteria to evaluate this prototype. The team agreed that it was a good product with good features and it was easy to use. However, it was not as good as the other remote controls in the market because it lacked some functions. Therefore, the team decided to change some of the features to make it more user-friendly.
Marketing proposed two criteria to evaluate the usefulness of the product. The first criterion was that the remote control should be easy to use, and the second was that it should be user-friendly. The group agreed to give two points on usefulness to both criteria.
The project manager thought that the colour and shape of the remote control were not the most important features of the product. It was mainly the function of the LCD display and the buttons that mattered. The project manager also thought that it was not necessary to change the colour or the shape because the customers would not notice it.
Marketing suggested that the remote control should be in the shape of a banana and the colour of the banana should be yellow and orange. The team agreed on the banana as the best choice because it was the ultimate form, ultimate colours, and the ultimate smell of it. Then they discussed the technical specification by Industrial Designer and User Interface. They decided to have an LCD display on the front and some buttons on the back. They also decided to add a microphone to increase the volume and increase speech recognition.
The user interface designer recommended to have a discussion with the team about the cost of the remote control, and to find out whether it would be feasible to use the chocolate as a substitute. Then, they could decide whether to use titanium or plastic as the final material.
The whole meeting was about the conceptual design of the remote control. Industrial Designer, User Interface, Marketing, and Project Manager gave their presentations about the functional and conceptual design. They all agreed that it was very important that the control was fancy-looking and good-feeling, and it should be easy to use. Then, Project Manager put a file in the project management folder to decide exactly what kind of decisions they should take.
Marketing's presentation mainly talked about the latest trends trends, latest fashion updates, and things they must not do. Marketing emphasized that it was very important that the control was fancy looking and good-looking. Also, the menus and things like that they have to feel great. The last point was easy to use. Marketing suggested that they could make a very complicated remote anyway, so ease of use was not an issue.
Industrial Designer's presentation mainly talked about the conceptual design of the new remote control. The most important thing was the look and feel of the remote control, which was fancy and good-looking. Also, it was easy to use and spoke for itself. In terms of technological innovation, Industrial Designer proposed to have an LCD screen, speech recognition and front-facing buttons. In addition, the remote should be made in bright colours and be made of fruit and vegetable colours.
User Interface's presentation mainly talked about the conceptual design of the new remote control. User Interface thought that the remote control should be simple and easy to use. It should not be too complicated and people could use it in a few seconds. The user interface should be easy to learn and users should not have to learn it all in one sitting. The remote control could be made in different shapes and sizes. The colour of the remote should be bright and colourful and the buttons should be in different colours.
The group reached a consensus that the LCD screen was the most important feature of the remote control, followed by the color and the material of the front and back of the control. The group also agreed that the remote should be made of plastic and the buttons could be made out of rubber or wood.
The group agreed on the final decision of the company sign. The Industrial Designer and User Interface gave presentations on the conceptual design of the remote control concepts. The group decided to go for the fruit-themed remote control because it was very trendy and people liked the bright colours and bright fruits and vegetables. The Marketing thought it was the most important one and they had to take that one. The User Interface thought it would be easy to use and people would not find it difficult to use. The Project Manager agreed with the User Interface and the Industrial Designer. They all agreed to go with the fruit theme.
Industrial Designer thought that the dust problem could be solved by putting a cover over the remote control, but User Interface thought that it would be better if the dust was removed from the cover. Project Manager agreed and suggested that the cover could be made of plastic, but Industrial Designer pointed out that it was not easy to get rid of the dust. The group agreed to look into the matter.
Project Manager started a kick-off meeting for the design of a remote control for the beginning of new project remote control. The group got used to one another and talked about this tool they're going to design and try to make a project plan, some discussion and then they talked about the next meeting. They agreed that the remote control should be original, trendy, user-friendly and cost twenty-five Euro. Then they discussed the price of the product and the production cost. After that, the group decided to work individually and have meeting during the whole day.
The group agreed that the design goal of the remote control was to be original, trendy, user-friendly and cost-effective. To achieve this goal, the team would have to sell two million units and make a profit of fifty million Euros. In order to achieve this, they would need to have a special look and feel for the remote controls, and they would like it to be fashionable.
When discussing the buttons size and scale design, User Interface suggested that the remote control should be made of plastic and the buttons should be in the shape of fruits and vegetables. Project Manager agreed with this idea. However, Industrial Designer pointed out that it would be better if the buttons were made of wood and the scale was made of metal.
The group agreed that the remote control should be able to control all kinds of devices in the room, such as TVs, stereos, air conditioners and stereos. They also agreed that it should not be too big or too small. In addition, it should be easy to find and use. The group also agreed on the idea of making it easy to use.
The group agreed that the remote control for children should be simple and easy to use. They wanted it to be only for children and not too big or too small. The remote control should not be too big and too small, and it should be made in a way that it would not get lost in a hand-held device. They also agreed that they should make it easy to find.
When discussing the safety design of the remote control for children, the group agreed that it should not be too big or too small, and the buttons should be made in a way that it would not get lost in the hand. They also agreed that there should be a child lock on the buttons so that it could not be accidentally pressed.
Industrial Designer thought that the remote control should not be too big or too small because it would be difficult for children to find it in the room. Also, it should be in good shape so that it would not get lost in a room. What's more, the industrial designer thought that it was not necessary to have a big remote control for children because there would not be many children in the house.
This was the first meeting of the design project team. Project Manager introduced the project briefly and the team members got to know each other by drawing their favourite animals on the whiteboard. Then, the team discussed the specifics of the project plan and came up with some preliminary ideas about it. After that, Industrial Designer introduced the functional design of the remote control and the conceptual design of how people were going to use it. The team then discussed how to make the product user-friendly and how to sell it. Finally, the meeting ended with a short discussion about the product price and the production cost, which was determined to be 25 Euros.
The group agreed that the remote control should be user-friendly so that people could use it for all kinds of televisions. They also agreed that it should be original and trendy so that it would not be out-of-the-way for people to use.
When discussing the target price, target cost and target profit of remote control, User Interface suggested that the remote control should be priced at 25 Euros and less than 50 Euros for the basic version and 50 Euros and more for the fancy version. Project Manager agreed with User Interface and suggested that they should aim at a profit of 50 million Euros.
Industrial Designer thought that the remote control should be trendy and user-friendly so that people would be able to use it in everyday life. It should not be too big or too small, and it should be made in a fashionable way so that it would be easy to find.
The group agreed that the remote control should be user-friendly and it should not be too big or too small. They also agreed that it should be made of plastic so that it could not be damaged easily. In addition, they agreed that there should be no buttons on it and that the buttons should be put on the back of the remote.
When discussing the functional design of the buttons, the Marketing thought that it would be a pity if there were too many buttons on the remote control because it would make it hard to use. Instead, he suggested that there should be only a few buttons for volume up and down and a few for channel change and mute.
When discussing the battery design of the remote control, User Interface thought that it would be a good idea to use a rechargeable battery as it was easy to store and it would not be a problem for people to lose. However, Industrial Designer pointed out that it might be a little bit expensive and it might not be suitable for the age group of people. Project Manager agreed and suggested that they could use a combination of both solar and regular batteries.
The team discussed the results of the experiments with the unadapted and the adaptive mikes. The former was not as successful as the latter in getting the same results. The latter, however, did produce better results than the former. The team also discussed how they could improve the performance of the un-adapted mikes by adjusting the gain slightly.
The microphone data will be used to train a recognizer for the Bayes-based recognition system. The team is collecting data from a wide variety of speakers, including non-native speakers, native speakers, and speakers who are unfamiliar with the system, as well as speakers who have not yet completed the training phase.
The team decided that the microphone procedures would be the same for everyone. The microphone would be placed close to the mouth and the boom should be towards the corner of the mouth. The team would adjust the gain slightly if they wanted to. There would be no changes in the amount of time spent on the microphone, as the team did not want to add too much time to the recordings.
The recording equipment will be slightly different for the next phase of the experiment. The microphone and boom will be placed closer to the corner of the mouth, and the speaker ID will be changed to reflect the gender of the speaker. There will also be a change in the amount of time spent on the microphone to allow for a more accurate estimation of the number of channels.
The meeting was mainly about a revision of the construction formalism. The group discussed whether there should be a special case for the construction of the key word and whether it is better to have all constructions have some kind of name. They also discussed whether the constructional constructions should be included in the type system or not. Finally, they discussed whether it would be a good idea to have the construction as a whole or a subset.
Semantic specification was concluded with the group agreeing that the current syntax is only slightly more stable than it was before, and that certain things have changed back to this. The group also agreed that the most common constructions should have some kind of name and should be grouped according to the type of the word.
The semantic specification is a revised version of the one proposed in the last meeting. The current syntax is if there's a type it's before construct, and if it's not then it's after construct. The constructions have names and they have some name. The constructional constituent is a constructional kind of word, which is the most common kind instead of a general kind. The type is a special case of the construct.
The group discussed how mental spaces could be used to represent different kinds of constructions. For instance, if there was a key word construction, the construction would be the first one to be added to the mental space, and the other constructions would follow it. In this way, the constructions could be grouped into sub-expressions of the key word. The group also discussed whether the construction could be treated as a sub-expression of the whole word.
The domains in the mental spaces are thought-netions, which are a subset of the ontological domains. The ontological domain is the set of all the possible ontological features that can be expressed in terms of the properties of the object. For instance, the ontology of a domain is a set of properties that are associated with that object, e.g. it can be thought of as a kind of ontological ontology.
The meeting began with a summary of what had been done in the last week. The team was trying to understand the difference between the performance of nets trained on PLP with on-line normalization and those trained without it. The results showed that the former was better, but the latter was not as good as the former. The professor informed the team that they should not get too excited about the results, as they were not that far off from the baseline. The meeting ended with a discussion on the future direction of the project, which focused on improving the model performance.
The team discussed the results from the experiments. The results showed that the nets trained on PLP with on-line normalization and PL-delta were better, but the gap between the different training sets was much smaller. The difference between the nets using PLP and those trained without PLP was due to the difference in the amount of features in the two nets. The team also found that the performance in the mismatched condition was not as good as in the matched condition.
The professor thought that the results were mixed. The team had mixed results for English and other languages, but the performance in English was better than other languages. The difference between the two nets was due to the difference in the amount of features in the model. The professor was not sure about the significance of the difference between PLP and delta.
PhD A informed the team that the results showed that the nets trained on PLP with on-line normalization and PLP without PLP did better than nets trained with PLP but with delta. The difference between the two nets was mainly due to the difference in the amount of features. PhD A thought that the difference between nets using PLP and those trained without it was more important.
Grad C suggested that the team should focus on improving the performance of their models. The team thought that they could start by learning more about the differences between different linguistic features in different nets. The professor D suggested that they should also start looking at the effect of noise on the model performance. Grad C also suggested that it would be a good idea to learn more about how the model performed in different contexts.
The professor thought that MSG was a bad idea because it was using too much time for the model to perform well. He thought that it was better to focus on the task at hand and not worry about the noise. He also thought that the model would not perform as well in English as it did in other languages.
The team thought that they were making good progress on their model. They had started to fill the last column with features with nets trained on PLP with on-line normalization but with delta also, because the column was not completely filled. The gap between the different training sets was much smaller. The team was also working on noise robustness. They were testing the net on a single language and cross-correlation. The net did not perform as well on the single language.
The whole meeting was about the design of the remote control. The Project Manager first went over some guidelines from the board and then Industrial Designer, Marketing and User Interface Designer gave presentations on what they had found out about the requirements of the project. After that, Project Manager asked the team to get acquainted with each other's ideas on how to design the remote. Then, the team discussed the energy source, the chip, the components, the user interface and the slogan of the company. The team agreed to use a combination of solar power with an alkaline battery backup and plastic construction. The remote control would be only for television only and it would have the company colours and slogan.
Industrial Designer thought that too much metal in remote design could potentially cause interference with the ability of the remote to send commands. The chip, silicon based chip and casing could only be made of plastic. The user interface could be made out of rubber or rubberized plastic. Project Manager thought that the energy source could be solar power or battery backup. Marketing thought it would be better to use a combination of solar power and battery backup for the remote control.
Marketing thought that too much metal in remote design could potentially cause interference with the ability of the remote to send commands. The Project Manager agreed with him on this point. Besides, the Project Manager thought that the modern type of plastics had a certain aesthetic value as well as the cost-efficiency.
The group agreed that the remote control should be only for television only and the company colours and slogan should be red and black. The group also agreed that there should be no teletext and the chip should be made of silicon. The buttons should be in the shape of the company logo and the number of channels should be set to one.
When discussing the design of the functions and buttons of the remote control, the Project Manager put forward to cut down the functions because he thought it would be better for the customers to pay more attention to the look and feel of the product rather than the number of buttons. Besides, he believed that fewer buttons would make the product more user-friendly, which would be a good thing.
Project Manager informed the team members that the remote control would be made of plastic because it was cheaper and more environmentally friendly than metal. However, the industrial designer and user interface designer were against it because too much metal could cause interference with the ability of the remote to send commands. Besides, Project Manager pointed out that the team should stick to the colour scheme of red and black and the slogan of the company.
The group agreed that the remote control should be made of plastic and the company colours should be red and black. They also agreed that it should not be too big or too small. The group also agreed to have the slogan of the company in the remote design, which was fashion in electronics.
The meeting was the seventh meeting of the Special Committee on the COVID-19 Pandemic. The meeting started with petitions presented by members. The Prime Minister and the Minister of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness were the first ones to be questioned by the opposition party members. Then, Andrew Scheer and Pierre Poilievre questioned the Prime Minister about the government's response to the 200,000 cases of suspected fraud in the benefit applications. The government, however, denied that they had ignored any red flags or red flags, and promised to put safeguards in place to ensure that the millions of Canadians who needed the money would get it quickly. Finally, the meeting ended with ministerial announcements.
According to the Prime Minister, the priority was to get money out quickly to all Canadians who needed it, and that's exactly what we've done. Millions of Canadians have received the money they so desperately needed. Having said that, I want to make it very clear, fraud is unacceptable. We have measures in place to detect fraud. All fraudsters will be required to pay back the money fraudulently received from the government.
The Minister of Seniors explained that the government was committed to providing financial assistance to all Canadians who were eligible for it during the pandemic. The government was working with the provinces and territories to make sure that every cent went to the most vulnerable seniors in Canada, and the government would continue to do so.
The Prime Minister said that the government was committed to making sure that every student in Canada had access to the education they needed during the pandemic. The government was working with the provinces and territories to make sure that students had the support they needed to get through this difficult time. In addition, the government would continue to provide financial assistance to all students who needed it.
Bains explained that the government had made loans available to more than 2.5 million Canadians who were in need of financial assistance during the pandemic, and the government would continue to make loans available in the coming months. In addition, the government was working with the provinces and territories to ensure that the financial assistance would be available to all Canadians who needed it.
The Minister of Finance, Bill Morneau, answered a question from the opposition party's leader, Andrew Scheer, about the government's handling of the COVID-19 money. The opposition party alleged that the Liberals had ordered public servants to turn a blind eye to 200,000 cases of suspected fraud. However, Morneau insisted that the government had put safeguards in place to ensure that the money was distributed as quickly as possible, and the government would pay back the money to those who had fraudulently received it.
Hon. Navdeep Bains said that the threshold for the wage subsidy program and loan refinancing had been increased to $15,000, and the government would continue to raise the threshold to $25,000 in the coming months. However, the opposition party questioned that the government had not increased the threshold at all. Bains explained that they would be raising the threshold as soon as possible.
Hon. Navdeep Bains said that the government was committed to supporting the arts, culture, and tourism industry in Canada. The government was working with the provinces and territories to ensure that the support for the industry would continue to be provided at the lowest possible cost. In addition, the government would also continue to work with the private sector to help the industry.
The meeting was about the downsampling problem and the length of the filters. The professor informed the team that the feature vectors were calculated every ten milliseconds and the filters were at fifty-five hundredths of a Hertz. The team was concerned that the delay in calculating the feature vector was causing the model to perform worse than expected. They were trying to find a filter with shorter delays to reduce the delay, but it was not working well. The Professor suggested that they could try recursion for the mean estimation and remove some of the delay.
The team was working on detecting important linguistic features in their model. The professor informed the team that the team had not reached a consensus on how to detect important features. The team thought that it would be helpful to look for features in the modulation spectrum and filter down-sampling, but they did not have a good idea of how to do this. They were also working on the length of the filters and the frequency of the features.
The professor thought that clustering was a good idea, but only if it worked well. He thought that it was hard to get good clustering in the noisy data. He also thought that the delay of the mean estimation was a problem. He wanted to know how long the delay was to get the best results.
The professor thought that it was a good idea to use the positional parameters to train the neural net, but he was not sure if it was worth the trouble. He thought that the team should figure out what the best way to do it would be. He also suggested that they should look into how they could improve the performance of the nets.
The team was working on improving the back recognizer for the Aurora task. The professor informed the team that the team had not reached a consensus on how much improvement they could make. The team thought that the delay of the recursion for the mean estimation was important. The length of the filters was also an issue. They were trying to find filters with shorter delays to reduce the delay. Also, the team was trying to figure out how to deal with the modulation spectrum.
PhD B informed the team that the Aurora recognizer was still not performing as well as they had hoped. The team was concerned about the delay of the recursion for the mean estimation and the length of the filters. PhD B suggested that the team could try looking at the modulation spectrum to get a better understanding of what was causing the problems.
The professor thought that the Aurora backend recognizer was doing well, but the team needed to work on improving it. The professor also suggested that the team should look into the modulation spectrum to see if they could improve the feature recognition. He thought that it was hard to train a good back-recognizer for Aurora because the team was not using the standard features.
This was the first kick-off meeting for the new remote control project. The team had to make a conceptual design, a detailed design, and a budget. First, the team had a discussion about what kind of remote control they should make. Then, the Project Manager introduced the target price of twenty-five Euros and the production cost of twelve and a half Euros. After that, the project manager asked the team to make an example of their remote control, and they all had to use the pen and the eraser to make their own favourite animals. Then the team discussed the functional design of the remote control. They decided to make it simple and user-friendly.
Industrial Designer thought the big buttons were easier to use than the small buttons. User Interface thought the remote control was hard to use. Project Manager thought it was hard because it was too big. Marketing thought the buttons were hard to find. And Project Manager agreed that the big button was not easy to use, but the small one was. Marketing also thought that the LED on the corner was not enough.
The group decided that the remote control should be simple and user-friendly. It should only have the basic functions such as volume, channel, channel change, mute, channel skip, channel finder, and the menu button. The group also agreed to keep the number of buttons to a maximum of ten.
The whole meeting was about the functional design of the new remote control. Industrial Designer, User Interface and Marketing each gave a presentation about their ideas from the first meeting. Then, Project Manager reviewed the notes from the previous meeting and the new project requirements from the bosses. The group decided to make the remote control compatible with the new D_V_D_D and other releases, and the functions should be universal. The materials should be hard plastic with rubber from which the buttons could be made indestructible. The design should fit the hand, be original, but also be familiar. The buttons should be recognisable at all times.
Industrial Designer first gave a presentation on functional requirements. Industrial Designer suggested that the remote control should be original, original, but also familiar. One recognisable button in the middle, where you do the most important functions with, and they can have two functions. The material should be hard plastic with rubber from the inside, and the labelling of the buttons should be indestructible. It should be recognisable at all times. The remote control was meant to be easily wiped out. User Interface suggested that they should make it compatible with the new D_V_D and other releases.
Project Manager thought it would be a pity if the remote control was only for television because it would not be very user-friendly. Project Manager thought the manual design was a good idea, but he did not think it was necessary because the buttons would be on the left and the right hand could find them.
Marketing suggested that the LCD screens and the speech recognition suggested by Industrial Designer and User Interface were not suitable for the project because Project Manager and Industrial Designer did not think it would fit the hand well. However, Marketing suggested that they could incorporate speech recognition into the remote control. Project Manager agreed with Marketing's idea and the group agreed on it.
Industrial Designer first gave a presentation about the technical design of the remote control. The remote control would be made of plastic and rubber, with one recognisable button in the middle. The material should be hard plastic with rubber, and the labelling of the buttons should be indestructible. Besides, the functions should be universal standards. In addition, the design should fit the hand, be original, but also be familiar. In the discussion about the design, User Interface and Marketing agreed that it should be simple, but Industrial Designer and User Interface disagreed on it because they wanted it to be more complex. Project Manager thought it would be better if the design was simple and the functions were universal.
User Interface thought they should use more buttons than the current one because it would be easier for the users to find the remote control in the room. Besides, more buttons would make it easier for people to find it in the dark room and it would also be easier to use it in a dark room. Also, the buttons could be made into different shapes and sizes.
User Interface thought that the LCD screen on top of the remote control was a good idea, but Industrial Designer and Project Manager thought it was not suitable for their project. Marketing thought it would be better to keep the buttons on the side, but Project Manager pointed out that it would not be easy for users to see what was on the screen. Industrial Designer thought that it was better to have the buttons in the middle, so that users could find them easily. And Project Manager agreed.