This is the Children, Young People and Education Committee. Item 2 this afternoon is our eleventh evidence session on the Children (Abolition of Defence of Reasonable Punishment) (Wales) Bill. The meeting started with Barry Hughes, who is Chief Crown Prosecutor for Wales; Kwame Biney, the senior policy advisor, CPS; and Iwan Jenkins, who was head of the complex casework unit, Crown Prosecution Service Cymru Wales. Then, Lynne Neagle AM introduced the topic of the Bill, which was to abolish the defense of reasonable punishment for assault against a child. The committee then moved on to discuss the impact of the bill on the criminal justice system and the impact on the families of children who were assaulted by their parents. The discussion mainly focused on how the Bill would affect the families and the children themselves.
According to Barry Hughes, the current law was not working satisfactorily. He believed that there was no evidence that the law was working well, and he thought that the Bill should be changed to reflect the way in which people behave within the society. However, Kwame Biney and Iwan Jenkins disagreed with him, pointing out that there had been some changes in the law since the 2007 review, and they believed that it was still not working well.
When talking about the efficacy of the law, Barry Hughes mentioned that there was no evidence that the law was working satisfactorily, but there was evidence that it was working well enough. He thought that the current legal framework provided a range of offences created by the criminal law, going back to the Offences Against the Person Act 1861 in the middle of the century before last, which provide for offences of assault against a variety of people, including, in particular, Acts such as the Children and Young Persons Act 1933, which provides for offences that are specific to children. In that regard, it could be argued that children have fewer rights than adults.
The two-stage test was that the Crown Prosecution service was trying to establish whether the law was working satisfactorily, and if it was not, then it should be changed. In terms of the effectiveness of the current law, the two stages were that there was no evidence that it was working, and there was a need to change the law to make it more effective.
The Crown Prosecution Service in England and Wales had a range of offences created by the criminal law, going back to the Offences Against the Person Act 1861 in the middle of the century before last, which provide for offences of assault against a variety of people, including, in particular, Acts such as the Children and Young Persons Act 1933, which provides for offences that are specific to children. In that regard, it could be argued that children have fewer rights than adults. However, in Wales, there was no such offence as raping one's married wife, and the law has changed to reflect the fact that that is simply not acceptable.
Barry Hughes thought that there was a clear difference between the law in England and Wales. In England, the Crown Prosecution Service had a much clearer approach to the offence of assault against a child, whereas in Wales, there was still a grey area between the two systems. However, in terms of the Bill, Barry Hughes believed that it would be a matter for the Welsh Government to decide whether to implement the Bill in Wales or not.
Barry Hughes thought that the draft guidance did not provide a clear distinction between the law in England and Wales. In England, there were a range of offences created by the criminal law, going back to the Offences Against the Person Act 1861 in the middle of the century before last, which provide for offences of assault against a variety of people, including, in particular, Acts such as the Children and Young Persons Act 1933, which provides for offences that are specific to children. However, in Wales, there was no such offence as raping one's married wife, and the law has changed to reflect the fact that that was simply not acceptable.
According to Barry Hughes, the Crown Prosecution Service had a range of offences created by the criminal law, going back to the Offences Against the Person Act 1861 in the middle of the century before last, which provide for offences of assault against a variety of people, including, in particular, Acts such as the Children and Young Persons Act 1933, which provides for offences that are specific to children. In that regard, it could be argued that children have fewer rights than adults. In terms of the out-of-court disposals, Barry Hughes thought it was a matter for the police to deal with, and it would be up to the courts to decide whether or not to make those disposals. However, according to Kwame Biney, there was no evidence that the disposals were not effective.
The National Police Chiefs' Council helped in out-of-court disposals by providing advice to the Crown Prosecution Service, the police, and other agencies on how to deal with these cases. In terms of how they dealt with them, they had a range of tools that they could use to help. For example, they could provide information to the police and the CPS, and they could also provide advice to other agencies.
Barry Hughes thought that there was an infrastructure of out-of-court disposals that was in place to deal with the vast majority of cases, and that the Crown Prosecution Service would continue to work with the police to ensure that this was the case. However, he admitted that there were still gaps in terms of the number of disposals.
According to Barry Hughes, there would be unintended consequences of removing the defence of reasonable punishment from the Children (Abolition of Defence of Reasonable Punishment) Bill. For instance, it would make it more difficult for parents to report children who were being physically assaulted by their children, and it would increase the number of people who would be prosecuted for assaulting a child. However, Kwame Biney pointed out that the Bill was not aimed at criminalizing physical assault. It was aimed at making the criminal law more clear.
Barry Hughes thought that the Bill was a good start, but he was not satisfied with the performance of the Crown Prosecution Service. He thought that they had not done a good enough job in terms of the awareness-raising campaign. He believed that they needed to do a better job on the awareness campaign.
Karen Cornish thought that there was a shortage of registered intermediaries in Wales, and it was hard to get people to register with the police. Karen Cornish believed that it was a matter of concern for the police and the Crown Prosecution Service.
This meeting was about the evaluation of the prototype of the remote control. First of all, the group discussed the material of the case and the buttons. The case was made of plastic or rubber. The buttons were spongy and the colouring was yellow with grey or black. Then, the team discussed the colour of the buttons and the scroll bar. The team agreed that the colour was yellow and the material was rubber. They also discussed the ease of use and the cost of the device. The group agreed that they should not add the voice recognition because it would be expensive. Then the team talked about the buttons, and they agreed to add a scroll bar as a sort of shortcut.
Marketing suggested that the remote control should be fancy, spongy, fancy, and colourful. User Interface suggested that it should be easy to use, easy to learn, and the colouring should be yellow with grey or black or something like that. Project Manager agreed. Then, the group discussed the evaluation criteria of remote control. The group agreed that the fancy part was important, but it was not the most important one. The user interface was also important.
The group thought the remote control was easy to use when discussing evaluation criteria. The group thought it was fancy because it was spongy and the buttons were easy to find. However, the group did not think the scroll bar was important because it would not be used often. They also thought the voice recognition function was not important because users would not use it as often.
The group thought the remote control was competitive in the discussion of evaluation criteria. The group agreed that it was fancy and spongy. It was easy to use and the colouring was bright yellow with yellow and black buttons. The remote control had a scroll bar on the top of it and a button for changing channels on the two channel button. There was also a programme button to activate the voice recognition.
The group discussed the production costs of the product. The cost of the remote control would be fifty Euros. The product would be made of plastic or rubber and the case would be spongy. The colouring would be yellow with a yellow or black colour. The material would be rubber or yellow with grey or black. The production cost would be twelve Euros.
The group agreed that the scroll bar was a good idea because it would reduce the cost of the remote control. The group also thought that the colouring of the case could be changed to yellow with grey or black and the buttons could be made spongy.
Industrial Designer proposed that the production cost of the remote control should be 12.5 Euros. Industrial Designer believed that the cost of production should be reasonable.
This was the functional design meeting of the team. The team discussed the working design of the remote control, technical effects, and user requirements. The meeting started with a brief introduction of the functional requirements of the meeting. Then, Marketing gave a brief summary of the results of a usability test conducted by a usability laboratory. After that, the team discussed user requirements and technical effects. The group decided to focus on the buttons that were most important to the users, and they should design according to these buttons. Then the team talked about the technical effects of the design, including speech recognition and speech recognition recognition recognition. Finally, the group discussed how to make the remote controls more user-friendly.
The group discussed the functional design on the remote control. First of all, the group agreed that the buttons should be in order of importance. The most important buttons were those to do with channel selection, teletext, volume, and power. The other ones were the settings, and they were used less than zero point eight to zero point five times per hour. The group also agreed that they should have a button for the audio on the screen and a button to adjust the brightness of the screen.
The group agreed that the finder button and call button should be added to the remote control because it was easy to lose and easy to find. The group also agreed that there should be a menu button for channel selection, teletext, volume, and power.
Marketing suggested that the speech recognition could be incorporated into the remote control to make it more user-friendly. However, the group members were skeptical about this idea because they thought that it would be hard to integrate speech recognition into a remote control that was only for television.
The group agreed that the VCR/VHR/DVD capability button should be on the back of the remote control, so that it would be easy to find and easy to use. However, the group disagreed on whether to put it on the side or on the top. The group then decided to keep it on top.
The meeting began with a brief introduction to the team and a brief discussion about the current state of the project. The team discussed the current status of the team, including the cost of the new equipment, the progress of the work, and the plans for the next meeting. The professor informed the team that the team had ordered twelve new machines to use as a compute farm, and that they would be using a web-based server to run the computations. The meeting ended with a discussion about how the team could improve the performance of the model.
The team was concerned that the microphone they were using was not good enough for their task. They were not so far away that they were really good representative distant mikes, but they were close enough that they got rid of all the interference. The team also wanted to know how they could make the microphone more robust. The professor suggested that they could use the web as a compute farm.
PhD F informed the team that they had ordered twelve new machines to use as a compute farm. PhD F thought that they should make sure that they were not using too much computational resources.
The professor informed the team that the workshop was the twenty-fourth of the year. The team had a kick off meeting, which was a kick-off meeting for the project. The professor thought that the team should make sure that they knew what was going on in the lab and how they were going to do things. He thought that they should figure out how to make the server easier to use. He also wanted to know how the team was going to get the server up and running.
The team discussed spectral subtraction and how they could improve the performance of the model. The professor suggested that they could use a more sophisticated version of Gaussian mixtures. The team also discussed how to make the model more robust.
The team thought that the person in Grenada might be interested in learning more about the team's work. The professor thought that it would be a good idea to meet with him.
The professor thought that the Wiener filter was a good idea, but he was not sure if it would work. He thought that it would be better to use something else.
The meeting was mainly about the progress of the corpus and how to get people to edit bleeps from meetings that they don't want to be included. The team also discussed how to improve the quality of the recordings. The professor informed the team that some of the meetings that have already been recorded were showing up as big spikes on particular things, and in fact this one I'm talking on is one of the ones that showed up in one of them.
The professor informed the team that some of the equipment they were using was not working as well as they expected it to. The team was concerned that it might be the wiring. The professor suggested that they could test the equipment by wiggling it around to see if there were any spikes.
The team thought that it would be a good idea to get people to edit bleeps, parts of the meeting that they don't want to include. They also wanted to make sure that the meeting was not marked as unread, unused, or unused.
Transcribers are working on a subset of meeting transcripts that have not yet been transcribed.
Transcribers would need to be able to transcribe at least a subset of the meeting, preferably all of it, to ensure that the corpus is complete.
The meeting began with a brief discussion about the general influence structure of the belief-net. Then, the team discussed how to build the influence links between the user and the model. The professor suggested that the model should be written in a deterministic way. The team then moved onto a discussion about how the model could be scaled up to handle more complex scenarios. The meeting ended with a discussion on how the team could improve the model's performance.
The professor suggested that the user and situation models should have the same values for Go-there and not transverse the castle. The professor also proposed that the model should have a default value of 0.5. The value for transverse should be equal to the probability that the person is going to go there or not.
The group agreed that the user budget should not be too high. The professor thought that it would be reasonable to have a user budget of 25 Euros. The team thought that the budget should be reasonable.
The professor informed the team that the Go-there decision was basically true or false, given that the person wanted to go there or is it just true. The professor suggested that they could have all those values for Go- there or binary and given that you're going there when, they could compute the probabilities.
Grad E informed the team that the Go-there decision was basically true or false. The decision was whether the person wanted to go there or not. Grad E suggested that they could have all those values for Go- there or binary.
The professor informed the team that the probability computation for Go-there would be binary and given that the person was going there when, they could have all those values for Go - there or Go- there be binary. The professor thought that binary would be more appropriate because it would allow the model to deal with more complex situations. He also suggested that the model could be written in a deterministic way. The team agreed that it would be a good idea to do that.
Grad D thought that it would be a good idea to have a mixture of experts in probability computation.
This meeting was mainly about the functional design of the remote control. First, the User Interface Designer presented the technical function design for user interface for our remote TV control. Then, the Marketing gave a presentation on the marketing requirements for the product. After that, the Project Manager introduced the new product requirements, the decision on the new remote control functions, and the closing of the meeting.
The group agreed that the remote control should be user-friendly and easy to use. They also agreed that it should be able to be used in different devices. The group also agreed to have an escape button, which could be used to switch channels.
When discussing the product requirement, the user interface designer and the industrial designer recommended to design a simple, elegant, easy-to-use inter interface for the remote control. However, the project manager pointed out that it would be difficult to have both the sophisticated functions and the easy to use interface at the same time.
The group agreed that the remote control should be able to connect to the Internet, but they didn't know if it would be possible to use the Internet connection. The User Interface suggested that they could design a remote control with an integrated circuit, but the Industrial Designer pointed out that it might not be practical. The Project Manager agreed and suggested that it should be a simple one.
Industrial Designer proposed to design a remote control which would be powerful, but with very easy to use user interface. User Interface suggested to design an elegant, easy-to-use inter interface. Project Manager proposed to have the remote control with sophisticated functions, but not too powerful. Marketing suggested to have a very powerful remote control, but without too many sophisticated functions.
The project manager thought it would be a good idea to have a wireless remote control. However, the industrial designer disagreed with the project manager because he thought that the remote control would be too expensive to have.
The user interface designer recommended to design a remote control with fewer buttons so that it would be easier to use. He also suggested to design the remote control to be user-friendly so that users could learn the manual before using it.
The group agreed that the remote control should be simple, elegant and easy to use. The group also agreed that it should be made of plastic and the buttons should be easy to find. Also, the group agreed to have a slogan on the front and back of the product.
The user interface designer and the industrial designer thought that the product should be simple, elegant and easy to use. The industrial designer also thought that it was important to have some international standards.
The project manager thought that the remote control should be simple, elegant and easy to use. It should not be too big or too small, and the buttons should be easy to find. Also, the project manager believed that the product should be made of plastic so that it would not get damaged easily.
This meeting was the 20thmeeting of the Special Committee on the COVID-19 Pandemic. The meeting was mainly about petitions and ministerial announcements. First, the members presented two petitions. One was an e-petition, and it related to the threat to pollinators globally. The other petition was about the ongoing threat to the southern resident killer whales. The petitioners wanted the government to support Bill S-204, which would make it a criminal offence for someone to go abroad and receive an organ for which there has not been consent. Next, members presented a petition on climate change, and the government should take action to protect the environment. Finally, the meeting discussed the government's plan to implement the United Nations Security Council resolutions on women, peace and security.
Hon. Bill Blair (Minister of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness): Mr. Rota introduced that the government was committed to taking all necessary measures to ensure the safety and security of Canadians during the pandemic, including the implementation of the COVID-19 emergency declaration. The opposition party then raised the issue of racial inequality in the federal government. The minister responded that there was no racial discrimination in the government, and the government would continue to work with the provinces and territories to address the issue.
The Prime minister and Government accused the opposition party of using the COVID-19 pandemic as an excuse to delay the implementation of the United Nations Security Council resolutions on women, peace and security. The opposition party also accused the government of not doing enough to protect vulnerable women and girls during the pandemic.
Hon. Steven Blaney (Minister of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness) introduced that the government had been working with the provinces and territories to ensure that all Canadians were safe during the pandemic. However, the opposition party members pointed out that some of the provinces had not done enough to protect vulnerable groups, such as women, children, seniors, and people with disabilities.
The Auditor General pointed out that the government had not done enough to protect the public's confidence in the integrity of the RCMP, and that the RCMP had not been transparent about their use of the law enforcement justification provisions. The Minister of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness assured the committee that the Government of Canada would continue to work closely with the Auditor General to ensure that the public was fully informed about the government's efforts.
Hon. Bill Blair (Minister of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness): Mr. Rota raised the issue that the CERB was not doing a good enough job in dealing with the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic. The honourable minister, Mr. Blair, assured the committee that the government was committed to continuing to work with the provinces and territories to ensure the safety and security of Canadians.
The GBA+ analysis suggested that the government had not done enough to protect the public health and safety during the pandemic, and that the public should be aware of the impact of the GBA+.
This meeting was about the project management of a new remote control project. Project Manager introduced the project project to the team members. The team members were given a brief introduction of the project and their specific roles. Then, Project Manager asked each of them to give a presentation about their role in the project. After that, the team discussed the working procedure and the selling price of the remote control, which was expected to be twenty-five Euros. The product would be sold in the entire world, and the product costs would be not more than twelve Euros and fifty centimes.
The group agreed that the remote control should be original, trendy and user-friendly. It should be able to control all kinds of devices, such as televisions, DVD players, video recorders, and DVD players. The group also agreed that it should be easy to use and easy to find.
When discussing the product features, Project Manager proposed that the international remote control should be sold in the entire world, and the product costs would be not more than twelve Euros.
The group agreed that the remote control should be original, trendy and user-friendly. Also, the product should be sold in the entire world, and the cost should be not more than twelve Euros and fifty centimes.
The group discussed the work division of the project. The Industrial Designer was responsible for the functional design, User Interface for the user interface design and Marketing for the conceptual design and also for the detailed design of the remote control. The Marketing was in charge of the marketing and the group would have meetings with each other to discuss the technical functions and the user requirement specifications. The Project Manager was the manager and the Marketing was the project manager. The group agreed that the product would be an international remote control, which would be sold in the entire world.
The industrial designer thought that the job of user interface designer was to design a user-friendly remote control and also to work on the design of technical fun functions of the remote control.
The Industrial Designer thought that the difference between the industrial designer and user interface designer was that the former was more focused on the functional design and the latter on the user interface design. The User Interface disagreed with the Industrial Designer, pointing out that the latter was more interested in the technical functions of the remote control.
The meeting began with a presentation of the features the team had decided to add to the model. The team discussed the prosody, the discourse, the verb choice, and the intermediate nodes of the model, including the search for the middle layer. Then, the team discussed how the model should be structured. The meeting ended with a discussion on how to make the model more user-friendly, and how to design the route. They decided that the route should be in the form of a list of things like "to visit", "where to go", "how to get there", "when to go there", etc. They also discussed how they could make it more user friendly.
Grad B informed the team that the belief net would have a middle layer, which would be a collection of intermediate nodes.
The team decided to add the ability to find intermediate nodes in the middle layer of the model. They also decided to remove the option to add notes to the presentation mode.
The intentionality of the model was discussed by the team members. The intentionality was determined by the fact that the model had to be able to distinguish between different kinds of nodes, such as the middle layer, the intermediate nodes, and the non-intermediate nodes. The goal was to make the model more user-friendly.
The middle layer would be a collection of intermediate nodes, which would be able to handle the discourse, the prosody, and the discourse itself.
SmartKom was the key to the success of the project. The team had to figure out what the intermediate nodes were, and they had to decide what kind of nodes they should be. They had to make sure that the middle layer was not too large, and that the nodes were not too close to each other. They also had to work out how to deal with the different kinds of nodes.
The team was looking to hire a programmer to work on the backend of the project. They were looking for someone with a background in computer science and a good understanding of Java Bayes.
This was the first meeting of the new remote control project team. The team got acquainted with each other by drawing their favourite animals on the whiteboard. Project Manager introduced the aim of the project, which was to produce a remote control that was original, trendy and user friendly. Then, the team discussed the conceptual design, conceptual design and detailed design of the remote control. After that, they discussed the tool training, project plan and discuss then close the meeting.
The group drew their favourite animals based on their characteristics. Project Manager drew a dolphin because Project Manager thought dolphins were smart and they were cute and they like swimming and that's cool. User Interface drew a horse because User Interface thought it had a fin on top. Marketing drew a cat because Marketing thought it was cool the interaction that people seem to like.
User Interface suggested that the remote control could have a call button, which would be like a push button. Project Manager thought it was a good idea, but he didn't know if it would be easy to use.
The group agreed that the remote control should be the same size as the TV remote control, but the size of the buttons should not be too big or too small.
Project Manager thought that the remote control should be able to control all kinds of televisions, including the TV, DVD player, DVD recorder, VCR, and DVD player. However, Project Manager was concerned about the cost constraint on the programming function.
Project Manager suggested having a clip on the remote control because he thought it would be easy for people to find it easily. However, User Interface objected to this idea because Project Manager pointed out that the clip would be too expensive.
The group agreed that the remote control should be original, trendy and user friendly. They also agreed on the target revenue of 25 million Euros.
The meeting began with a review of the results from the previous meeting. The team was focused on the TI-digits English and the Italian data. They had trained several neural networks on the task data, including the PLP, PLP with JRASTA, the MSG, and the MFCC from the baseline Aurora Aurora data. The results showed that if the network is trained on task data it works pretty well. The group then moved on to a discussion about how to train the neural network on the phonetic features of the digits. The meeting ended with a short discussion about silence detection.
The team discussed the effect of training neural networks on different languages. The team thought that if the task data was trained on task data it worked pretty well, but if the network was only trained on the task, the results were not as good.
PhD D explained that the multilingual model was trained on the PLP, PLP with JRASTA, the MSG, and the MFCC from the baseline Aurora data.
The professor thought that the team was using too much English in their experiments. He thought that they should focus more on the French and Spanish.
The professor informed the team that the model was only trained on the task data. The team thought that the complexity of the model should not be too high. The professor suggested that they could add more features to the model to reduce the number of features.
The professor informed the team that IBM was sending them a set of IBM computers. The team thought that the IBM computers would be a good fit for the task. The professor informed them that the team would have to learn to use IBM's speech recognition software.
The team thought that the delay was a good thing because it meant that the neural network was learning faster.
This was the third meeting of the remote control group. First of all, the group members gave their individual presentations on the market situation and the progress they had made so far. Then, Project Manager introduced the agenda for the next meeting, which was mainly about the discussion on the design of remote controls. The group members discussed some issues related to the market trend, such as innovation, fancy look and feel, ease of use, and simplicity of design. After that, they decided to focus on the younger target group, since they were more willing to spend more money on the product.
The group decided to focus on the younger target group since they were more willing to spend more money on fancy look and feel. The group also agreed that the feel of the remote control should be spongy and the colour should be colourful.
User Interface suggested that the remote control should be simple with simple shapes and a fancy look and feel. Industrial Designer thought that the feel of the remote should be spongy. User Interface also suggested that it should be made of plastic and the colour should be bright yellow.
The team decided to use plastic as the material for the remote control because it was the lightest and it was easy to use. The material was also the cheapest. The team also agreed that the material should not be too hard to handle.
When discussing the shape of the remote control, the team decided to use a single-curved design because it would be easier to find and easier to use.
User Interface suggested that the remote control should be simple and easy to use. Industrial Designer suggested that it should be easy to find. User Interface also suggested that there should be a menu button on it. Project Manager thought that the menu button should be on the left-hand side, and the power button on the right.
The team agreed that scroll-wheels would be a good idea for the remote control because it would be easy to use. However, the industrial designer pointed out that it would not be practical for the younger group because they were watching too much Sponge Bob. The user interface designer suggested that the team could design a scroll-wheel for the television remote control.
When discussing LCD displays, the team decided that the LCD display would be too expensive and would not be useful for the younger group, who preferred simple shapes and fancy look and feel. Also, the project manager pointed out that it would be hard for the team to design a remote control with an LCD display, as the older group would be more familiar with it. Therefore, they decided not to use LCD displays.
This is a further evidence session, number four, on our inquiry into the status of the Welsh baccalaureate qualification. The meeting included Dafydd Evans, who is chair, ColegauCymru, and chief executive officer of Grŵp Llandrillo Menai; Kay Martin, principal of Cardiff and Vale College, also representing the colleges; Nick Brazil, deputy principal, Gower College Swansea, and deputy principal of Gower University; Dr Rachel Bowen, director of policy and development at the Civil Engineering Contractors Association; and Ed Evans, director and secretary of the Civil Engineers Association. The whole meeting was mainly focused on the quality of professional qualifications and the qualification of the students.
According to Dafydd Evans, most employers did not understand the value or what the Welsh baccalaureate meant or what it was trying to achieve at present. They were more focused on getting on with the day-to-day running of the business, rather than getting up to date with how Welsh education was evolving. Moreover, they did not think that many of the professional sectors in Wales were demanding the quality of skills within the professional sector. Therefore, it was not clear that many employers were willing to pay much attention to the qualification.
Ed Evans thought it was a big problem that employers did not have a clear understanding of what the Welsh baccalaureate qualification meant or what it includes. He believed that the Welsh government had set out a clear vision for the qualification, but it was not clear to employers. They were not sure whether the quality of the qualifications and the professional quality of skills were being reflected in the qualification.
According to Dafydd Evans, there is a difference of opinion within the colleges, which are regularly meeting with—employers—and they cannot think back as to how many employers have a clear understanding of what the Welsh bac means or what it includes. So, no, I don't think that employers understand the value or what we're trying to achieve through the baccalaureate qualification at present. However, they do think that it is very important to develop the professional qualifications in the professional sectors.
According to Dafydd Evans, the Welsh baccalaureate helped to prepare learners for employment. However, there was a difference of opinion between the employer boards and the colleges. The employer boards believed that the qualification was necessary to develop professional skills within the industry, whereas the colleges believed that it was not.
Kay Martin thought that the Welsh baccalaureate was a good qualification that helped to prepare learners for employment. However, there was a difference of opinion between the employers and the colleges on the quality of the qualification. According to Kay Martin, most employers were more focused on getting on with the day-to-day running of the business, rather than developing the skills of their staff. Therefore, it was not clear to him how well the qualification was used by employers.
According to Dafydd Evans, the Welsh baccalaureate helped to prepare young people for employment. However, there was a difference of opinion between the employer boards and the colleges. The employer boards believed that many of them were very demanding of the quality of the qualification. The colleges, on the other hand, believed that the qualification was not rigorous enough.
According to Dafydd Evans, there was a difference of opinion on whether universities understood the value of the Welsh baccalaureate qualification. He believed that most employers were more focused on getting on with the day-to-day running of the business, rather than developing the quality of skills within the professional sector. However, he believed that the universities had a duty to ensure that the qualification was available to all students, and that they were committed to making sure that it was available for all students. In addition, he thought that universities had an obligation to make sure that students were able to meet the requirements of the qualification.
According to Nick Brazil, it was not clear to him whether universities understood the value of the Welsh baccalaureate qualification at present. He thought that the universities had been very clear about the importance of the qualification, but they had not been very specific about what it was about. And, certainly, when that's evolved over the past few years and there have been changes, it would have been quite difficult to keep up to date with those, I imagine.
According to Dafydd Evans, there was a lack of awareness among employers in north Wales about the value of the Welsh baccalaureate qualification. Although there were a number of employer boards, most of them were focused on the day-to-day running of the business, and the vast majority were more focused on getting on with the business. However, there were some universities that had taken an interest in the qualification, and some of them had introduced the qualification into their syllabus, but it was not universally accepted.
According to Dafydd Evans, the Welsh baccalaureate qualification was a huge problem, but not only to employers, but also to parents and young people, as it was not clear to them what the value or the quality of the qualification was at present. To answer the specific question, no, I don't think that employers have a clear understanding of what the Wales bac means or what it includes. And while there are lots of small engaged employers who have taken an interest and do understand, the vast majority are more focused on getting on with the day-to-day running of the business. And that means it's quite a challenge to understand what's happening in the qualification, what does it offer. Dr Rachel Bowen agreed that it was a challenge for employers to understand the quality and the value of the qualifications. However, she also pointed out that there was a need to develop a specialist teacher-training qualification to deliver the Welsh curriculum.
Dafydd Evans thought that the Welsh baccalaureate qualification was a huge problem for employers, as it was not clear to them what the value of the qualification was at present. He believed that it was important to have a specialist teacher training qualification, which would provide the quality of teacher training that employers were looking for. However, he admitted that it would be difficult to implement such a qualification in a short period of time.
Nick Brazil (deputy principal) thought that introducing a specialist teacher training qualification would be a good idea, but he did not think that it would be feasible at the moment. He thought that the Welsh baccalaureate should be a qualification for the whole curriculum, not just for teacher training.
This was an evidence session to scrutinise the Welsh Government's progress in developing the new curriculum for Wales. Kirsty Williams AM, Minister for Education, Steve Davies, director of the education directorate, and Claire Bennett, deputy director for curriculum and assessment, answered questions from the Children, Young People and Education Committee. The meeting mainly focused on the draft curriculum and its impact on the education system and the profession, as well as the role of formative assessment and the importance of the assessment.
According to Kirsty, the curriculum would be a purpose-led one, with four main purposes: literacy, numeracy, mathematics, science and social science, and a range of other areas of learning and experience. Also, a great welcome of the emphasis on formative assessment and the importance of formative assessments would be included in the curriculum.
Kirsty Williams AM thought that the draft curriculum would be based on the principle of a purpose-led curriculum. It would be a broad-based curriculum that would cover all the areas of learning and experience, including the arts, science, technology, mathematics, science literacy, social studies, mathematics and science. Also, a great welcome of the emphasis on formative assessment, which would be included in the legislation.
According to Kirsty, the 'what matters' is the quality of the teaching and learning, the ability of the teachers to adapt it to meet the needs of the children, and the importance of formative assessment.
Kirsty Williams AM thought it was important to understand the importance of the different sectors of the education system and the value they placed on different aspects of the curriculum. For example, the Welsh Government believed that the arts, science, technology, engineering and mathematics were the most important areas of learning and experience, and they should be included in the curriculum because they were the areas where people were most likely to have an impact on their children's learning. Also, a great welcome of the emphasis on formative assessment.
According to the WISERD research, there was a clear distinction between the different types of learning and experience in schools. It's really interesting to see the breakdown of the areas of learning that were most popular and were being looked at the most—with our creative and performing arts and the creativity and the expressive arts being the most popular. So that's really important that people really wanted to engage in the content of that particular AoLE. Also, a great welcome of the emphasis on formative assessment and the importance of formative assessments.
According to Kirsty Williams, the Welsh Government was following the model of Scotland, which was a purpose-led curriculum, with a focus on formative assessment and the importance of formative learning and the expressive arts being the most popular areas of learning and experience. Also, a great welcome of the emphasis on the introduction of numeracy, literacy, numeracy and numeracy-related subjects.
Kirsty Williams explained that the money would go to support teachers in the preparation of the implementation of the new curriculum for Wales. The Welsh Government had been working with the education directorate and the regional consortia to develop a plan and a plan of engagement with the business community to ensure that there was as much engagement, knowledge and opportunity as possible. There were 24 focus groups that were arranged for children and young people. There was also a number of focus group sessions specifically for young people themselves, so that they could give us their feedback. Also, a great welcome of the emphasis on formative assessment.
According to Kirsty, the Welsh Government had spent £2.5 million on professional development preparation for the teachers, which was a significant amount of money for a new curriculum. The professional development programme was designed to ensure that the teachers were well-prepared for the new curriculum and that they would be able to adapt it to meet the needs of the children that they were working with in their communities.
According to Kirsty, the Welsh Government had a plan in place to support the innovation schools, and they were looking at a range of ways to do that. One of the ways was to have a more integrated approach to formative assessment, which would be more integrated with the curriculum. Another way was to look at how the curriculum could be integrated with other aspects of education.
Kirsty Williams thought it was important to make sure that there was an awareness and understanding of human rights embedded in the new curriculum. It was also important to ensure that there were no gaps in the curriculum.
According to Kirsty, the Welsh dimension should be included in the overall curriculum, and it should be part of the assessment. Also, a great welcome of the emphasis on formative assessment and the importance of formative assessments.
According to Kirsty, there was a single continuum of learning with regard to the Welsh language. There were four purposes, and that driving the content below it. Also, a great welcome of the emphasis on formative assessment and the importance of formative assessments.
This meeting was about the three steps of making the remote control. The first step was the functional design, the second was the conceptual design and the third was the detailed design. First, the group discussed the components and the properties and the specifications of the user interface. Then, they talked about the details of the remote controls. After that, Project Manager introduced the agenda of the meeting. The meeting was mainly about making a remote control, which would be original, trendy, user-friendly, and technologically innovative.
The group talked about the conceptual design of the remote control, including the functions and some possible advanced techniques. The group agreed that it should be original, trendy, user-friendly, technologically innovative and technologically advanced.
The Project Manager thought that the remote control should be original, trendy, user-friendly, technologically innovative, and technologically innovative. He also thought that it should be easy to use.
The Marketing thought that advanced techniques on the remote control would be difficult to implement because it would require a lot of time and effort. Besides, the Industrial Design pointed out that it would be hard to design a remote control that was user-friendly.
Industrial Design suggested that the remote control should be made of plastic so that it would not get damaged easily.
The remote control would be made of plastic and the buttons would be in the shape of a triangle. There would be a power button, a volume button and a mute button. The button layout would be on the left and the power button would be to the right. The shape of the remote control could be made into a triangle or a square.
User Interface suggested to put the power button on the left side and the volume buttons on the right side. The user interface also suggested to add a power button to the middle of the remote control.
The meeting was mainly about the collection of digit data. The team discussed the procedural change that was suggested by the professor. The professor suggested that the digit recordings should be collected at the end of the meeting, which would cut down on the number of participants. He also mentioned that the team should start collecting more data so that they could do research on higher level things, like disfluencies and all kinds of speech.
Future meeting recordings will be collected at the end of the meeting, so that participants can run off to some other meeting if they have the time. The team thought that this would be a good way to cut down on the number of digits that are collected.
The team discussed the difficulty of getting fluent English speakers to participate in the recording process. The professor suggested that the team could start with a subset of the participants who are already fluent and then move on to the rest of the group. The team also discussed how they could get more data.
The recording equipment would be stored in the basement, which was convenient for the team. The team would have to decide where to put the equipment.
The group discussed the possibility of purchasing portable equipment. The professor suggested that they could purchase a portable microphone, but the cost would be prohibitive.
Grad B informed the team that the disk space on which they were storing the meeting data was not very large. Grad B also informed them that they should be careful with the amount of data they were putting on disk.
Other ways to get more space were to hire more people to help transcribe the data. The professor suggested that they could hire someone to transcribe a subset of the data at a time.
This was the second meeting of the second phase of the remote control project. Project Manager started the meeting with a presentation on the notes of the last meeting. Then, User Interface, Industrial Designer, Marketing, and Project Manager gave their presentations on the product requirements. After that, Project Manager asked all the team members to write down their names, so that they could know each other's surnames. The meeting ended with the group discussing the design of the product. The team agreed that the product should be a universal remote control, but it should not be too big or too small, and it should be only for TV.
Marketing first gave a presentation on functional requirements of the remote control. The group agreed that the product should be a universal remote control for kids and elderly, and it should be only a TV remote control only. Then, the group discussed how to make the product look and feel like a television remote control, and how to reduce the number of buttons.
Marketing thought that speech recognition was not a good idea for the remote control because it would be hard to learn the user's voice. Marketing also pointed out that older people were more willing to use speech recognition than younger people.
User Interface thought that the remote control should be easy to use, but he didn't know how to make it easy.
User Interface first gave a presentation on the technical function design of the remote control. The remote control should be a universal remote control only, and it should be able to control all kinds of devices, including TV, DVD players, and DVD players. Then, the group discussed the size of the buttons, the shape, and the shape of the LCD screen. The group decided to make the buttons smaller and the screen smaller.
This meeting was mainly about the presentation of the prototype of the remote control. First of all, Industrial Designer and User Interface gave a presentation on the basic elements of the design, including the look-and-feel model, the material, the case, the buttons, the scroll wheel, the logo, and the mic. Then, the group discussed the cost of the advanced chip for speech recognition, which was still within the budget. After that, Project Manager asked the group to give comments on the prototype, and they all gave their opinions on it. Finally, the meeting ended with the group discussing the design of the circuit board.
Marketing gave a score of three out of five for the look-and-feel of the remote control, two points for the material, and one point for the speech recognition. The group agreed that the material should be hard plastic, the colour changeable, and transparent, and the material could be made of hard plastic. The user interface should be simple and easy to use.
The group agreed that the remote control should be easy to use and learnable. The group also agreed that it should be made of plastic and the material should be hard plastic, and the colour and transparent should be colour changeable and also transparent.
Marketing recommended to do a market trend evaluation on the remote control. The market trend would be whether the remote controls were easy to use, technologically innovative, and technologically innovative.
The team decided to use the drawing board for the design of the remote control. The project manager informed the team that the cost of the project would be 12.5 Euros, which was within the budget. The team agreed to use it for the first time, and the project manager suggested that they could use it to design the inside as well.
User Interface thought the biggest problem was that they didn't have enough time to design the inside as well as the microphone.
This meeting was about the final presentation of the design of the remote control. Industrial Designer first gave a presentation on the exterior of the prototype. The case material was soft, rubbery, changeable with a combination of LCD and rubber according to the design. The buttons at the bottom would be push buttons and the buttons were anti-R_S_I. The remote control would have a voice recognition system and a stand-by function. Then, User Interface and Industrial Designer presented the prototype on the interior of the product. The prototype was bright funky designs inspired by fruit, keeping with the hip kind of feel
The group discussed the market evaluation of the new remote control. The market evaluation was based on a simulation market evaluation. The group agreed that the remote control would be priced at 25 Euros and would be sold in a range of colours, shapes, and patterns. The team also agreed that it would be easy to use and that the buttons would be changeable. In terms of the battery, the group decided to use a kinetic charger, and the rubber buttons that they would use would be anti-RSI.
Marketing thought that the incorporation of current fashion trends in the prototype was a good idea, as it would give the remote control a trendy look and feel.
Industrial Designer and User Interface first gave a presentation on the prototype of the new remote control. The case material was soft, rubbery, changeable with a combination of LCD and rubber according to the design. The buttons at the bottom would be in different colours and patterns. The LCD screen would be inset into the top. The rubber buttons that were used would be anti-RSI and anti-spongy. The remote control would have a voice recognition system.
Industrial Designer first gave a presentation on the exterior of the remote control. The case material was soft, rubbery, changeable with a combination of LCD and rubber according to the design. The buttons at the bottom would be push buttons, while the buttons on the top would be LCD. The rubber buttons would be anti-R-S-I-I and the voice recognition software would be embedded into the top LCD screen. The remote control would be made of plastic with a standard colour and a standard shape. The cost of the product would be 12.5 Euros, which was within the budget.
User Interface suggested that the kinetic batteries could be replaced by regular batteries.
When discussing cost calculation and budget issues, the team decided to incorporate voice recognition software into the design until they can find out more about the cost of things like that. The team also decided that the rubber buttons that they would use would be anti-RSI and the buttons at the bottom would be changeable.
This was an evidence session for the Children, Young People and Education Committee's inquiry on education otherwise than at school. The meeting was mainly about the increase in the number of exclusions from school in Wales. First of all, Sharon Davies, head of learning, Torfaen County Borough Council, and representing the Association of Directors of Education in Wales, and David Hopkins, interim head of education at the Welsh Local Government Association, and Nick Williams, director of education, Swansea city and county council, answered questions about the reasons for the rise in exclusions. Then, David Hopkins explained that there was a huge amount of pressure on schools to perform, and the system was struggling to catch up to have enough capacity at the moment in the system.
According to David Hopkins, the local authorities were facing a huge amount of pressures on schools to perform, which was placing pressure on schools and then, in turn, pressure on the EOTAS, including the pupil referral units. The Welsh Local Government Association had been working hard to ensure that schools were well-equipped to meet the needs of learners who were either at risk of exclusion, or disengagement.
David Hopkins thought that the new Act was a positive step forward. He thought that it was a step forward, but it was still a long way from where they were two of three years ago.
According to David Hopkins, there were two main reasons for the increase in the number of exclusions from school. Firstly, there was the increasing prevalence of ASD—autism spectrum disorder—and trying to get the learners the right provision is sometimes a challenge. Secondly, the system was struggling to catch up to have enough capacity at the moment in the system, so that was placing pressure on schools and then, in turn, pressure on the EOTAS, including pupil referral units.
The PRU was supposed to be a multi-agency approach, with local authorities working together with the Education Funding Council for Wales and the Welsh Government. However, it was not clear whether the PRU would be able to meet the needs of all the schools in Wales. David Hopkins thought that it would be important to have a system in place to ensure that the schools were well-equipped to deal with the transition.
The biggest challenge was the transition of the excluded students from the school system to the community, which was a challenge for the local authorities. The local authorities had to make sure that they were well-equipped to meet the needs of the learners who were at risk of exclusion, and they had a continuum of provision to meet their needs.
According to Sharon Davies, the biggest challenge for the transition of the excluded students was the lack of sufficient support and reintegration services for those learners who were at risk of being excluded from school. The local authorities were working hard to develop a continuum of provision to meet the needs of the learners who needed more specialist provision. However, there was still a gap between the provision available in the system and the schools' ability to meet those learners' needs.
According to David Hopkins, there are pros and cons of local authoritative frameworks. The pros are that they allow local authorities to have a more integrated approach to the provision of support and reintegration, and the cons are that there is a lag in the implementation of the local authoritative framework. However, David Hopkins also pointed out that it was a good thing that local authorities were working together to develop a common approach.
According to Sharon Davies, local authorities should take a lead role in the quality assurance of individual intuition. Local authorities should make sure that their schools were well-equipped to meet the needs of learners who were at risk of exclusion, and that they had a continuum of provision to meet their needs.
According to Sharon Davies, the main reasons for the increase in the number of exclusions from school are more examples of very challenging behaviour and the prevalence of ASD—autism spectrum disorder—and trying to get the learners the right provision is sometimes a challenge. In terms of school accountability measures, there's a huge amount of pressure on schools to perform, so that is placing pressure on the EOTAS, including our pupil referral units. David Hopkins thought that they have had an impact on the rise in exclusions.
According to Sharon Davies, the local authorities were working hard to recruit more professional staff to meet the needs of special education. However, there was a shortage of teachers in the special education sector, which was putting pressure on schools and the EOTAS. David Hopkins thought that the Welsh Local Government Association was doing a good job in terms of recruiting professional staff, but there was still room for improvement.
The biggest challenge was training professional staff for special education, as they were not familiar with the curriculum and had not been trained in the right way. They had to go through a lot of training, and it was a challenge for them to make sure that they were well-equipped.
According to David Hopkins, the local authorities were working hard to ensure that EOTAS learners were able to get to and from school in a timely manner. However, they were still facing a challenge in terms of the provision of the bus service, which was not available in rural areas. Therefore, they had to rely on the Welsh Government to provide the buses.
This was the second meeting of the second phase of the project. First, the group discussed the target group and the functions of the remote control. Second, they discussed the colour colours and the slogan of the product. Third, they decided to focus on customers that are younger than forty. Fourth, they reached a decision that teletext should only be used for television, because teletext was out of date and internet was replacing teletext. Fifth, they agreed that the corporate image should be recognisable in the product, so the slogan and the colours should be recognizable in their product. Sixth, they had a discussion about the cost of the new remote control, so they decided that the cost should be 25 Euros.
User Interface suggested that the remote control should be user-friendly and easy to use. User Interface also suggested that it should be easy to find the buttons, so that users would not have to look for them in the menu screen. Industrial Designer proposed that the buttons could be made in different colours and shapes.
Industrial Designer thought that the ten digits was a good idea because it would be easy for people to remember the number of the remote control.
User Interface thought that the user interface design of remote control should be simple and user-friendly. For example, it should be easy to use and easy to find.
Industrial Designer thought that teletext was out of date and internet was replacing teletext, so they should not try to implement it in the product. User Interface thought that the remote control should only be used for television, because it was not feasible. Project Manager agreed and suggested that the colour colours and the slogan of the product should be recognisable in the company's corporate image. Marketing thought that they should focus on customers that are younger than forty, and as well for Roo.
The team came up with a solution to prevent customers from losing their remote controls in the discussion of technical issues of the project. The remote control could be programmed to beep if it got lost or damaged. It could also be programmed with a special code to indicate that it was lost.
Industrial Designer suggested that the remote control could be powered by solar energy. However, Project Manager pointed out that solar energy was not feasible because it was out of date and internet was replacing teletext. User Interface suggested a combination of both solar and conventional batteries. Project Manager agreed.
This was the detailed design meeting of the remote control project. First of all, Industrial Designer and User Interface gave a prototype presentation of their remote control design. The remote control would be made up of a wheel that was used to change channels or volume or whatever, a power button, a menu button, and a scroll wheel. The base would be interchangeable, and the material would be rubber and the colour would be spongy rubber. The locator would be a chip that was inside the locator and the regular chip would be necessary for the more advanced remote control. Then, Project Manager asked the team to discuss the cost of the production cost. The team agreed that they would have to fit the battery case in there somehow.
Industrial Designer first gave a prototype presentation of the remote control. The remote control would have a wheel that was used to change channels or volume or whatever. There would be a power button, a menu button, and an advanced iPod-like button. It would be interchangeable and the colour and curve would be spongy rubber. The case would be made of rubber and the chip would be plastic.
User Interface suggested that the remote control could be made into a fruit or vegetable shape. Industrial Designer thought that it would be a good idea because the fruit would be trendy and bright. User Interface also suggested that they could make it spongy. However, this idea was rejected by the group because it would not be compatible with their current remote control.
Industrial Designer and User Interface gave a prototype presentation of the remote control. The remote control was made up of a wheel that was used to change channels or volume or whatever, a power button, a scroll wheel, a menu button, and an advanced iPod-like button. The base was curved, curved, and interchangeable with a double curve and a special curve. The material used was rubber and the colour was different from ordinary plastic. The locator was a chip that was inside the locator, and the beeper was also inside there.
The group decided to choose the aspect of the shape of the remote to change because it was trendy and people would be encouraged to buy three or five of them, because they'll need to switch 'em out.
Industrial Designer thought that Project Manager was the leader of the team. User Interface thought that the team should follow the leadership of Industrial Designer and User Interface. Project Manager thought that User Interface should be the leader.
The group agreed that the remote control should be made of plastic with a spongy rubber base, and the buttons could be interchangeable. The group also agreed that it would be convenient to have a single-curved remote control and a double curve. However, the group disagreed on the convenience of the double curve because they thought it would not be compatible with the handset.
The meeting began with a brief introduction to the recording procedure. The professor introduced the team to the close talking microphones for each of the participants, which would allow them to start off by doing the digits all at the same time. The team then moved on to a discussion about how to improve the recording process. The meeting ended with the team discussing how to make the recording more user-friendly, and how they could improve the quality of the recording.
The thesis is about a paper on anti-lock brakes. The paper was published in the Journal of Computer Science.
EML talk was discussed in the context of a proposal for a paper on anti-lock brakes. The team thought that the paper was a good starting point for further work on the topic.
The team discussed the neural network and how it works. The team thought that the neural net could help them understand how different kinds of neurons communicate with each other. The neural net would allow them to distinguish between different types of speech and non-speech portions of speech.
This was the second meeting on conceptual design of the remote control. First, the User Interface presented three concepts in the user interface. The first one was a Google controller, the second was a fancy controller, and the last one was an intelligent controller. Then, the Industrial Designer presented the three concepts of the intelligent controller, including speech recognition, gesture recognition, and fancy controller. After that, the Project Manager asked the group to have a big discussion on the conceptual design and finally they would close the meeting.
The user interface design was divided into three concepts. The first one was a Google controller, the second was a fancy controller and the third one was an intelligent controller. The user interface should be easy to use, but with sophisticated functions. The fancy controller should give the customers the impression that our controller is very attractive. The intelligent controller should be able to recognise a lot of products and be smart. The group decided to use speech recognition technology and gesture recognition technology.
The user interface designer proposed the concept of intelligent controller because he thought that most of the customers would use the remote control to zap between channels, so it would be easy for them to remember it. Also, he thought it would attract a lot of customers.
The project manager disapproved of the concept of intelligent controller because he thought it was risky to use speech recognition or the gesture recognition because people would get injuries if they did all the time the same gesture. Also, Project Manager thought it would be hard for the customers to remember the name of the remote control.
Industrial Designer first gave a presentation on the design of the remote control. The remote control should be easy to use, but with sophisticated functions. Then, User Interface presented on the user interface design. The user interface should be attractive and user-friendly. After that, the group discussed the material of the product. The group agreed that the product should be made of plastic and made of rubber.
The group decided to use both the classical battery and solar energy alimentation when discussing the industrial design.
The group decided that the material of the remote control should be plastic because it was the lightest and it would be easy to handle. They also decided to use a combination of plastic and rubber as the material.
The user requirements of the group were summarized as easy to use, easy to remember, fancy, and sophisticated functions. Most of the users wanted to use the remote control to zap between channels. The group agreed that they should give the customers the impression that their remote control was very attractive. They also agreed to use speech recognition technology and gesture recognition technology.
The marketing recommended to design the remote control in a way that would give the customers the impression that it was very attractive. For example, the marketing suggested to make the buttons in the middle of the controller small so that the customers could easily recognise it.
The group decided that the fancy and easy-to-use design of the remote control should be combined with sophisticated functions. The fancy design should be attractive and easy to use. The intelligent design should give the customers the impression that our controller is very attractive. The group also decided to use speech recognition technology and gesture recognition technology.
This meeting was about the conceptual model of the remote control. First, the Marketing gave a presentation on the market research. The market research found that the most important aspect for remote controls was fancy look-and-feel, instead of the current functional look and feel. The second aspect was that a remote control should be technological innovative. The third was that it should be easy to learn. The fourth aspect was to use some of the new technology, such as LCD or speech recognition. Finally, the group discussed the material and the fashion trend. The group decided to use plastic because it was trendy and fashionable.
Marketing first gave a presentation on the market trend. According to the research, the most important aspect for remote controls was the fancy look-and-feel, instead of the current functional look and feel. The second aspect was that a remote control should be technological innovative. The third was that it should be easy to learn. The fourth was that the remote should not be too expensive. The fifth was that they should not use LCD or speech recognition.
Marketing thought that spongy remote was a good idea because it was easy to use. However, Marketing also pointed out that it was not fashionable in France.
User Interface recommended to use the technology innovation when discussing the design of the remote control because it would be easy to learn and people would be willing to spend more money on it.
The group agreed that the remote control should be simple, not too many buttons, light switches on if users use a button, an on-off button, a mute button, and a text button. The group also agreed to use some new technology, such as LCD or speech recognition, to be innovative.
Project Manager thought that the shape of the remote should be symmetrical and not too big or too small. Project Manager also suggested that the recharger contact should be made of plastic or rubber.
Marketing suggested that the speech recognition could be either a regular chip or an advanced chip inside a speech recognition chip. The group agreed to use the regular chip because it was cheaper and more reliable. However, the group disagreed on the advanced chip because they thought it would be too expensive.
This meeting was the sixth meeting of the House of Commons Special Committee on the COVID-19 pandemic. The meeting was mainly about petitions presented by family members. The petitioners asked the government to look at the situation with the Patented Medicine Prices Review Board, which was scheduled to go through some important and potentially detrimental regulatory changes very soon. They asked that the government should work with the provinces to find a strategy to jointly allow for the delivery of this life-saving medicine to Canadians across the country and to take a leadership role in negotiating a price for gene modulators throughout all the provinces of Canada. In addition, the petitioners expressed concern about the shortage of doctors in the provinces, and asked for more funding for the health care system.
The Chair (Hon. Chrystia Freeland) introduced that the government was working with the provinces and territories to ensure that the COVID-19 pandemic would not adversely affect the health care system. The petitioners asked the government to take a leadership role in negotiating a price for gene modulators throughout all the provinces of Canada. However, the Minister of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness, Catherine McKenna, assured the committee that they were working hard to ensure the safety and security of all Canadians during the pandemic.
Hon. Gabriel Ste-Marie said that the Prime Minister continued to support the profiteers. The Prime Minister had promised to negotiate a price for gene modulators throughout all the provinces of Canada. However, he had not done so, and it was clear that the government was not willing to negotiate with the companies that were profiting from the COVID-19.
Hon. Bill Blair supported banning Iver Johnson.
The Minister of Families, Children and Social Development announced that the government would continue to provide financial support for the elderly and vulnerable people. The Minister also promised to continue to work with the provinces and territories to ensure the safety and security of vulnerable Canadians.
Ms. Jenny Kwan said that there was a gap between program making and its implementation. Currently, the government was working with the provinces and territories to develop a national perinatal mental health strategy that would provide direction, policy and funding to develop specialized, comprehensive per-natal mental health care services, which include universal screening and timely access to treatment for all women during pregnancy and the postpartum period.
Hon. Chrystia Freeland announced that the government was committed to providing financial support to the elderly and vulnerable Canadians, including the disabled and the elderly with disabilities. The government would continue to work with the provinces and territories to ensure that the elderly were able to receive the support they needed.
Hon. Chrystia Freeland announced that the government was continuing to support the energy resources and tourism and funding in green economy and small businesses. However, the opposition party questioned whether the government had done enough to support small businesses during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Hon. Chrystia Freeland assured the committee that the government was working with the provinces and territories to ensure that the tourism sector was safe and healthy during the pandemic. However, the minister admitted that there was still a lot of work to be done.
Hon. Chrystia Freeland announced that the Canadian government had committed $500 million to support small businesses to help them cope with the COVID-19 crisis. In addition, the government had also committed $250 million to help small businesses that were affected by the pandemic.
Hon. Chrystia Freeland introduced that the government was working with the provinces and territories to ensure that the Covid-19 would not adversely affect the fishing industry and the oil and gas industry in Canada. However, the opposition party questioned whether the government had taken a leadership role in the negotiations for gene modulators. The opposition party argued that they had not done enough to ensure the safety of fishing and tourism in the affected areas.
Hon. Chrystia Freeland announced that the government was working with the provinces and territories to ensure that the fishing industry in Canada was protected from the harmful effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, the government would continue to work with the industry to ensure the safety and security of the fishery.
Hon. Chrystia Freeland suggested that the oil and gas industry was a major employer in Canada, and it was a very important sector for the Canadian economy. However, there was a lot of stress faced by the oil industry, and the government was doing its best to support the industry, but it was not enough.
This was the first meeting of the detailed design meeting for the remote control. The project manager introduced the product or prototype, which was made by clay and had two basic shapes, a circle and a triangle. The product was made of yellow and red and the shape of the buttons was a mushroom. There were two basic colour, yellow and yellow. The basic colour was yellow and the colour was more attractive than red. The shape was a triangle and the base was stable, so it was unlikely you cannot found it. The remote control had a circle channel selection button and there was some cute button. It was quite convenient for user to use it.
The product was made by clay and had two basic shapes, a circle and a triangle. The shape of the buttons was shaped like a mushroom and there were two basic colours, yellow and red. The material of the base was a stable triangle base. The product was in the shape of a banana and the colour was yellow. There were some cute buttons on the remote control. The remote control could be put in the table so that users could turn the the ball to select the channel and there was some cute button.
The user interface thought the basic colour should be yellow and red because yellow was our company colour and red was more attractive.
The user interface designer thought the shape of the product was strange because it was shaped like a mushroom. The marketing thought it was not fashionable to have a mushroom shape on a remote control.
The team evaluated the product on several aspects, including the shape, the colour, the material, the shape of the buttons and the material of the remote control. They all agreed that the product was a unique design and that the material was made by clay. The team also agreed that it was easy to use and that it would be a good selling point for the company. In terms of the price, the team thought that the price of the product would be reasonable, but they had to be careful about the production cost.
The group thought the design was technologically innovative because it was made of clay and the shape of the buttons was like a mushroom. The group also agreed that the material of the remote control was spongy and the colour of the material was yellow and red. Also, the group thought it was a unique design because it had two basic shapes, a circle and a triangle.
The user interface designer thought the remote control was easy to use because it was made of clay. However, the marketing and the industrial designer thought it was hard to use.
Industrial Designer suggested that the remote control should be made of wood and the material should be plastic. Marketing proposed that the material of the remote should be a combination of rubber and plastic. The group agreed on this idea and the price of the product was set at 12.5 Euros.
The group agreed to keep the solar cells because it was a unique design and it would be easy for users to find the remote control.
The industrial designer thought that the marketing's idea of making the remote control look like a fruit was a little bit fancier than the industrial designer's idea. The industrial designer believed that it would be hard to integrate fruit and vegetables in the product because it would not be fashionable in the market.
This was the first meeting of the team. The team got to know each other better by drawing their favourite animals on the whiteboard. Then, the team discussed the conceptual design of the remote control, the detailed design, how it's gonna go and how they're actually gonna put it into practice and make it work. After that, Project Manager introduced the project plan, which was to develop a remote control which was original, trendy, appealing to a wide market, not a hunk of metal, and user-friendly, grannies to kids.
User Interface suggested that the remote control should be made of plastic so that it would be easy to hold and easy to use. Industrial Designer suggested that it should not be too big or too small. Project Manager agreed. User Interface also proposed that it could be made in different colours so that people could distinguish between different kinds of remote controls.
The group decided to incorporate a menu display because it would make the remote control more user-friendly and easier to use. Also, the group thought that it would be a good idea to have the menu display on the back of the remote, so that people could see what's on the menu.
Industrial Designer thought that the older generation would be willing to pay more for remote controls because they were more technologically advanced.
Industrial Designer thought that the remote control should be made of plastic because it would be easier to handle. However, Industrial Designer also pointed out that the plastic was not the best material to make a remote control.
Industrial Designer suggested that the remote control should be priced at twenty-five Euros. Project Manager agreed and suggested that it should be made of plastic so that it could be sold at a reasonable price. User Interface proposed that the price should be fifty Euros and the target group should be young people.
Project Manager thought that the remote control should be priced at 25 Euros and aimed at a wide range of customers, including young people, old people, grannies, and people with disabilities.
This was the second meeting of the team. First, Industrial Designer gave a presentation on the working design of the remote control. Second, User Interface presented on the design of one handset for all, TV, video equipment, and other features. Thirdly, Marketing gave an update on the market research results. Fourthly, Project Manager gave a brief review of the last meeting. Finally, the team discussed the budget of the product.
The group discussed the size of the remote control and the flip top design. The user interface designer pointed out that most remote controls were powered by triple A batteries and those batteries were quite bulky so they could be quite bulky. The group also discussed the cost issue of using infrared to send signals to the TV because most of them used some form of infrared. Then, the group discussed whether they could use a flip-open design and an electronic panel for further features like programming, things like that.
Industrial Designer thought triple A batteries were bulky and expensive. He also thought that the flip top design was not suitable for the remote control.
Marketing informed the team of the market research results and suggested that the product should be accessible to a wide range of consumers, wide age range, not limiting anyone. The team agreed to adjust the design of the remote control to meet the requirements of the new market research.
Industrial Designer thought that the alarm would be a good addition to the product because it would make the product stand out from other products in the market.
Industrial Designer thought that the remote control could be made into a flip-open design and an electronic panel for further features like programming, things like that. However, the cost of these two designs would exceed the company's budget, so Industrial Designer suggested that they could be combined into one single remote control.
The group agreed that the remote control should be simple, uncluttered, undaunting and easy to use. It should not be too big or too small, and it should be easy to find.
The meeting was mainly about the progress of the transcriber interface. The team was trying to figure out which features they wanted to include in the demo and how they could incorporate them into the final product. The professor suggested that the team could add a pre-segmentation feature to the interface, which would allow the team to retrieve the data in a more robust fashion. The group also discussed how to incorporate speech recognition into the system.
The team decided that DARPA would like to see a demo of their system. The team would be sending it to DARPA in mid-July.
Transcribers were recording the same digits at different times and comparing them at the same time. The team was concerned that the gain was too high. The professor suggested that they could set the gain to a default setting.
The transcriber interface was still not working well. The team was trying to figure out which features they wanted to include in the demo. The professor suggested that they could add more features to the interface, such as the comparison of people saying the same digits at different times or the ability to retrieve questions from a pre-stored database.
The segmenter has been changed to allow for the comparison of people saying the same digits at different times. The professor informed the team that the gain is up at it's normal level, which is not good enough for the task at hand.
The segmenter is in the process of being tested. The professor informed the team that it is performing well, but the gain is not showing up as much as they would like it to. The team is trying to figure out how to improve the performance of the segmenter.
The segmenter has been changed to allow for the comparison of people saying the same digits at different times. The professor informed the team that the gain is up at it's normal level, which is not good enough for the task at hand.
The meeting began with a brief introduction to the Aurora project. The professor informed the team that the team had submitted an ASRU for Aurora. The team then moved on to discuss the results of their experiments with the Aurora system. The meeting ended with a discussion of the spectral features of the Aurora signal.
The team discussed how they could improve the net by deleting unwanted data. The professor suggested that they could start with a small amount of data and then add more. The team then discussed how to make the net more robust.
The professor thought that the neural net was doing well, but that it was throwing away too much data. He thought that it should be throwing more data. The professor also wanted to know about the Aurora system.
The team thought that the most noisy cases were at the low end of the spectrum. They were dealing with pure reverberation. The team also wanted to know how far down it would be at twenty hertz. The professor thought that it was possible that the edge of the first filter was at sixty-four.
The professor informed the team that the team had submitted a VAD for ASRU. The team thought that the VAD was not very good. The professor thought that it was better than the baseline, but it was still not great. The VAD had a lot of noise in it, and the team was concerned that it would not be good enough for Aurora.
The professor thought that the VAD latency was too high. He wanted to know how long it would take to get the latency down to a reasonable level.
PhD C informed the team that the Aurora HTK system had a high-pass high-band, which meant that the latency was high. The team was trying to figure out how to reduce the latency.
This meeting was about conceptual design of the remote control. First, the group discussed the components design. The group discussed whether the remote should be made of rubber, plastic, wood or titanium. Then, they discussed the material options. They finally reached a consensus that they should go for the fruit and vegetable theme because it was the current trend. They also discussed whether they should have a beeper or buzzer or other sort of noise thing for locating the remote. Finally, they talked about how they should design the remote to be easy to use.
The group discussed the current trend and potential materials. The fashion-watchers in Milan and Paris had noticed that the fruit and vegetable theme is the current fashion trend. The group agreed that fancy look and feel goes far beyond the functionality of the remote, but the ease of use was included in the ease-of-use. Also, the group discussed whether to use wood or titanium as the material of choice.
The Industrial Designer suggested that the remote should be made of plastic, rubber, wood or titanium. The infrared L_E_D_ is actually gonna be included in the circuit board that comes with it. The remote should have a beeper or buzzer or other sort of noise thing for locating the remote. The Industrial Designer also suggested that it should be easy to use.
When discussing the necessity of screen usage, the group agreed that the remote control should be able to be used with one hand, and the other hand should be used to hold the remote. However, they did not agree on whether it was necessary to have a screen.
Marketing suggested that the remote control could be powered by solar cells or a combination of both solar cells and conventional batteries. The group agreed to use solar cells because they were cheaper and more environmentally friendly. However, the industrial designer pointed out that it would be a waste of money to use a solar cell because it would not work as well as a conventional battery. Therefore, the group decided to use kinetic energy instead.
Industrial Designer thought that the energy source could be a combination of both solar and conventional batteries. However, he was not sure whether it would be a good idea to use solar or conventional batteries for the remote control.
The cost of the Kryptonite was 12.5 Euros, which was the same as the cost of a regular lithium battery. The cost of lithium was also the same for both the solar cells and the conventional batteries.
This is the conceptual design meeting of the group. The group discussed the properties, materials, user-interface and trend-watching of the remote control. First of all, the group decided on a flip design, a shell, a different shape from what's normal, a rechargeable battery, a port and an alarm for getting it lost. Next, they talked about the fashion update and the theme of the fashion fairs in Paris and Milan. After that, they discussed the cost of the product, the material, the user interface and the appearance of the device. Finally, they decided to incorporate the image of the company into it somehow.
The team decided on a flip design, a different shape from what's normal, a rechargeable battery, a port and an alarm for getting it lost. They also decided on the theme of fruit and vegetables, which was going to be the fruit and vegetable theme for clothes and furniture. The team also decided to keep the voice recognition out of the remote control.
The team decided on a flip design, a different shape from what's normal, a rechargeable battery, a port and an alarm for getting it lost. They also decided to incorporate the image of the company into it somehow.
Marketing mentioned that the most important aspect for remote controls were fancy look and feel, technologically innovative, and easy to use. The second most important was technologically innovative and technologically innovative. The third was easy-to-use. The user interface designer suggested a flip design and a different shape from what's normal. User Interface also suggested a port and an alarm for getting it lost. The group agreed to incorporate the image of the company into it somehow.
The remote control would be made of plastic with a flip design and a different shape from what's normal. It would have a rechargeable battery and a port and an alarm for getting it lost. The remote control will be made out of plastic and it will be sold in a variety of colours.
Industrial Manager suggested that the rechargeable batteries were more expensive than the conventional ones, but they were also more convenient to use. In addition, they were more durable and could last a long time. However, Industrial Manager also pointed out that the disadvantages of using a rechargeable battery were that it would be hard to use for long periods of time.
The group discussed the material of the case and the shape of the buttons. The group decided on a flip design and a different shape from what's normal. The case would be made of plastic and the buttons would be of rubber. The team also decided to use a combination of rubber and plastic as the case material.
User Interface suggested that the remote control should be made of plastic with a flip design and a different shape from what's normal. User Interface also suggested that it could be made out of rubber or wood. Industrial Designer agreed and suggested a combination of rubber and plastic.
Marketing suggested a sort of stylus to press the touch screen on the device when discussing the design of actual components. However, the team was skeptical about the idea of a stylus.
Marketing suggested putting mirrors on the device to make it easier to see what was inside. However, the team was skeptical about this idea because they had not seen a mirror in a remote control before.
The remote control would be made of plastic with a flip design and a different shape from what's normal. It would have a rechargeable battery, a port and an alarm for getting it lost. The battery would be rechargeable and it would be in the shape of a banana. The material would be plastic and the shape would be different from what was normal.
Firstly, the design of normal remotes is the same as the normal ones. Secondly, the shape of the remote controls is different from what's normal. Thirdly, the remote control should be different from other remotes. Fourthly, it should be easy to use. Lastly, the new remote should be in a different shape from the normal one.
The cost of the speech recognition feature could be cut down by half if it was incorporated into the design of the remote control. However, Project Manager pointed out that the cost of speech recognition could be higher if the company had to incorporate the image of the company into it.
This meeting was the first meeting of the new product development team for a television remote control. Project Manager started the meeting by introducing the project plan and the agenda for the next meeting. Then, Project Manager, User Interface and Industrial Designer gave presentations on the functional design, conceptual design and detailed design of the remote control, respectively. After that, Marketing introduced the market research results and the user requirements of the product. The group then discussed the technical design of remote control and made a specific specification specification of that. Finally, the group discussed the working design and the working procedure of the project.
User Interface suggested that the remote control should be able to control all kinds of devices, such as TV, DVD player, stereo, DVD recorder, and DVD player. Project Manager agreed and suggested that it should be user-friendly. User Interface also suggested that remote control could be made to work with different devices.
User Interface thought that the remote control should be able to control all kinds of devices, including televisions, DVD players, and computers. He also thought that it should be easy to use.
Industrial Designer thought that the remote control should be able to control all kinds of devices, such as TV, DVD player, stereo, etc.
The group discussed the connection of remote control and TV. Project Manager suggested that the remote control should be able to control both the TV and the DVD player. User Interface suggested that it should be possible to make the connection between the two devices. Industrial Designer thought that it would be better if the TV could be controlled by the remote, but Project Manager pointed out that it might not be possible.
Industrial Designer suggested that the connection of remote control and TV could be made by putting the laptop on the square.
User Interface argued that Bluetooth was not suitable for remote control because it would interfere with the TV signal. User Interface also argued that the remote control should be only for television.