The meeting was mainly about the progress of the transcribing of the first session. The team was trying to find a good solution to detect the overlapping zone in the recorded speech recorded by the mike. The professor suggested that the team should have a preliminary discussion of some of the other research areas that they were thinking about doing. The meeting also discussed some potential collaboration between the team and the network team.
The team agreed that the team should record a subset of meetings without the digits. The team also agreed that they should transcribe all of the digits into a single file. They also agreed to do a full-blown transcription of all the digits, including the beginning and the ending, and to do it without the table-mounted stuff.
PhD D informed the team that there was a lot of overlap between the overlapping zone with two speakers speaking together, and the zone with three speakers. The team was not sure how many meetings they would be recording. The professor suggested that they could use the mixed file to transcribe the data, but the team did not want to charge the time that they had on the project too early.
The team is recording more data than they have transcriptions for. They have the audio data, the close-talking mikes, and the transcriptions are being transcribed. The team is also experimenting with different measures such as the increase in energy in the LPC residuals, which can be used to get a feel for what can be done first and how many meetings are recorded.
The team thought that it would be useful for the team to look into some of the data that they had already collected and see if there was anything to be done with it. The team also wanted to know how many meetings were being recorded and how many people would be recorded.
This meeting was about the conceptual design of the remote control. First, the team discussed the current market trends and what's going on in other design fields. Then, they discussed the possible directions for the prototype. Finally, they made some final decisions on what they should do for the final design.
Marketing presented on current market trends in the remote control market right now and what's going on in other design fields. The market trend was a very organic fruit and vegetable kind of thing. Marketing suggested that they could produce the remote in a variety of different case materials to suit different tastes. User Interface presented on user interface concepts. The user interface concept was to use visible light coming out of the remote as a fun gimmick to set the remote apart from other remotes. Industrial Designer proposed to use kinetic energy as a source of energy to keep the remote running.
Industrial Designer agreed with the Marketing that they needed to escape the traditional shape of a remote because they needed innovative design options and there needed to be an easy user interface. Also, Industrial Designer thought that they could produce the remote in a variety of different case materials to suit different tastes. In addition, the visible light signalling would set the remote apart from other remotes because it wouldn't damage the human eye or anything like that.
The User Interface thought that some of the suggestions they had come up with were definitely very good ideas. For example, changeable casings and special components like blocking, having the ability to block channels from children, dedicated buttons for commonly used channels and even ideas like secured or hidden programming. However, the User Interface did not think that touch screen was a big issue because they knew the market was there for voice recognition so to say they had the technology and they were not gonna use it even though they knew it would sell is a call
The group agreed that the touch screen would be the main selling point of the remote control under the limitation of the budget. However, they could have a very simple touch screen, if it's about the size of the iPod or iPod or whatever. They could also have go-to buttons being stuck into the system so those don't move away from the screen and the important ones like power, volume and jump between channels would be on the screen. Also, the group could add some special components such as blocking, having the ability to block channels from children and dedicated buttons for commonly used channels.
The Project Manager thought that the touch screen would be the main selling point of the remote control under the limitation of the budget. However, the Marketing pointed out that the market was there for voice recognition so to say they had the technology and they were not gonna use it even though they knew it would sell was a call for high ups.
Industrial Designer thought that they needed to escape the traditional shape of a remote control and maybe something that looked nice on a table was good, even though it would be hand-held at the same time. However, the User Interface thought that the visible light signalling would be a fun gimmick and it would not damage the human eye or anything like that. The Industrial Design thought that it would have to be a part of the spectrum that wouldn't damage the eyes or anything.
This was the first meeting of the project team. Project Manager introduced the general plan for the project. The team got acquainted with each other and started to get used to each other's roles. Then, Project Manager asked the team to get acquainted with the whiteboard and the group discussed the basic functions of the remote control. The group agreed that the remote should be simple and user-friendly, and they should make it as fashionable as possible. They also agreed to make it a universal remote control, which would be an international sold thing.
The Project Manager thought that the profit aim was to make fifty million Euros on the remote control, which would be a hundred percent profit on it if they could. The profit aim would be achieved by selling it for 12.50 Euros internationally.
The group agreed that the remote control should be multifunctional but at the same time, they should be careful of exactly who they're marketing this to because they're used to the buttons so they have to be careful about exactly who we're marketing it to. The group also agreed that they should have a locator device to help people find their remote.
The Project Manager thought that the remote control should be made in a user-friendly way and the buttons should be small so that the user could place something else on the remote and it would make the remote page. However, he was not sold on the idea of a touch screen remote with multi-format features because it would be pretty expensive.
Industrial Designer thought that the appearance design should be paid due attention when discussing the user interface because so many of those remotes that you see, these universal remotes look so cheap and low quality. Therefore, making it out of a nice material would be very important, so they should try to make it as fashionable as possible. Also, they should be careful of exactly who they're marketing this to.
Industrial Designer suggested to have a locator device, maybe a simple button that you have on your television to help you find your remote. Also, making it out of a nice material would be very important because so many of those remotes that you see, these universal remotes look so cheap and low quality.
The group agreed to make the remote control as fashionable as possible and try to take ordinary stuff that nobody really thinks about and make it nice, like John Lewis nice or Debenham's or something. They also agreed to be careful of exactly who they're marketing this to.
This meeting was about the design of the remote control. First, the group discussed whether to make a basic remote control, just swapping channels and volume and power button and nothing much more, or more functions on the remote. Then, the Industrial Designer gave a presentation about the findings of the previous meeting. The remote control was a very difficult thing to explain to just all of the users because there were a lot of wires, wires which connect the components in it, the battery, and there were switches and things like that. Also, it was very difficult to connect all kinds of sub-components to the chip. Therefore, the team decided to make it simple and simple. After that, they decided to have lunch and discuss some new product requirements.
Industrial Designer thought that the remote control would not be too expensive because there were only a lot of wires, wires, switches and things like that. There would only be one battery on it and it would be a long-lasting battery. The chip would be sent to the infrared and that would send it to the television. It would be very zap friendly, as most users use it for that. The remote control could also be made trendy with a trendy cover.
Industrial Designer thought that the remote control was a difficult thing to explain to people who hadn't seen a remote control inside because there were a lot of wires, wires, switches and things like that. Also, there were too many buttons on it. The remote control could only be made with one battery on it and it should only be a long-lasting battery. The chip would be sent to the infrared and that would send it to the television. It would be very difficult to make it difficult, but they all agreed that it could be done.
Industrial Designer suggested that they could make a trendy cover for the remote control, like the Nokia mobile phones. The cover could be made in China and people could buy the covers. Then they could put a picture on it and the children would think that this is their remote control. The team agreed with this idea.
User Interface thought the technical function design was very important for a remote control to have some influence on the TV set. The remote control should be simple and easy to use, with only basic functions like swapping channels and volume and power button and nothing much more. It should be very zap friendly, as most users use it for that. Also, it should be made with LCD screen, not too many buttons, and it should not have a lot of buttons. It could be a multifunctional remote control.
Marketing first told the group about the findings of the usability lab. They found out that there are two markets at which they can aim. The first is the younger group, the age between sixteen and forty five. They are highly interested in the features, but they are more critical on their money spending. The second group is the older group, aged between forty six and sixty five, and they are less interested in new features. They spend their money more easily. Therefore, less important functions should be discarded from the remote control. The remote control should be very zap friendly, as most users use it for that.
Industrial Designer suggested that the menu button should only work on the newer televisions because it had to work on all televisions, and the LCD screen should be on the remote control so that it would be easier to find the menu and to change the options. However, Project Manager thought it was better to have it on the main remote control, because it would work on older televisions. Marketing thought that LCD screen would be better for the younger market, because they would buy a nice looking remote control if there will be one. Also, the team agreed that the slogan and corporate colour and slogan must be used.
The team agreed that the remote control should be easy to use and not too many buttons. Also, it should be zap friendly, and it should not be big for the cost because most users use it for that. It should be only for the television. The team also agreed that LCD screen and menu button would only work on the newer televisions, and they would not make a remote control which for the older televisions. They also decided that the corporate colour and slogan must be used for the design.
This meeting was mainly about the target group and functions of the remote control. First of all, Project Manager introduced the new project requirements that were sent to the team. Then, Industrial Designer gave a presentation on the basic components of remote control and how they work together with each other. After that, User Interface presented on the design of the components and the user interface. Marketing then gave her feedback on the survey results and the main function of the product. Finally, the group discussed the design process of the new remote control, including the implementation of speech recognition and LCD screens. After the discussion, the team decided to come up with some kind of decision on who their target group would be and what the functions would be.
Industrial Designer first gave a presentation on the working design of the remote control. He identified a few basic components and how they work together with each other. Then, he asked the team members to give feedback on the technical design and the functional requirements. After that, the team would integrate this into the product design at a technical level. User Interface then presented on the target group and functional requirements of the product. The team agreed that the main function of the new remote control was just sending messages to the television set, so it should be simple and clear as possible. The group also agreed to incorporate the latest features in the chip design, so that it would not become outdated soon and it would be compatible with most televisions.
Project Manager thought that the advanced technology design would increase the price of the remote control, which would make it difficult for users to use it from a distance because of the noise factor. Therefore, Project Manager suggested that they should keep the design as simple and clear as possible.
The group thought that the locator would be a good idea because it would be easy to find the remote control from a distance and it would not be difficult for the television to understand what the user was saying because of the noise factor. The group also thought that it would save the environment and save the energy.
The group agreed that the must-have buttons would be on off and then the channel numbers and the one that allows the user to go to the next or the previous channel, and volume had to be there. They also agreed that they should keep the remote control close to the table so that the user would not yell at it from the distance. The group also agreed to include voice recognition as an option.
The group agreed that people of that age group have a higher disposable income because they don't have like a lot of money to pay rent, so they can pay more for a more stylish remote control. The group also agreed that voice recognition should be included as an option.
Project Manager thought that they should try to incorporate voice recognition when discussing general requirements. He thought that younger people to the age of thirty five were quite likely to pay more for voice recognition software, whereas as people got older, they were sceptical about it and they were less willing to to try it.
This meeting was about the new remote control project. First of all, Project Manager introduced the new project. Then, Industrial Designer, User Interface, Marketing, and Project Manager gave a presentation on the current remote controls and the results of a survey on the use of remote controls. The team then discussed the design of the remote control. First, the team discussed the basic functions of remote control, such as sending and receiving messages, volume control, and zapping. Next, they discussed how to make the remote controls more user-friendly and easy to use. Finally, they talked about how to design the components of the device.
Marketing suggested that instead of deciding what could be and what should be a good remote control, let's ask people who are users of remote controls how they feel about the current remote controls, what they like and what they don't like. They should never complicate things too much and all these buttons should be easy to find and to click. User Interface suggested that they should have only few buttons and all the other things can be controlled through the screen. Then they could put all the options into this screen.
Marketing first pointed out that the power button was not used often because in general you use it only once per session, but it was very relevant for channel selection and volume control. Also, channel selection was very important, very often used but people wanted to have control on volume and that made sense of course. The other functions which were less often used like the settings were audio settings, screen settings, even teletext and channel settings. All of them were more or less relevant.
Marketing thought they should aim at young people because they were those who might be more interested in a new device and would be more willing to try out a new one. Also, the marketing thought that the young people would love to say that this remote control only works for them.
Industrial Designer proposed that the remote control should be made fully automatic so that power on and off can be made completely automatic. User Interface suggested that the power button should be easy to find and to click, and all the other buttons should be found by touching it and finding it easily just by touch. Project Manager agreed and suggested that they could put all the options into a screen and put only few buttons on the screen.
User Interface proposed to put all the options into a screen and put only few buttons on the screen. All the other things can be controlled through the screen and all these buttons should be easy to find and to click. The user interface designer also suggested to make the power button not used often because in general you use it only once per session, but it was very relevant. Also, the volume control could be made fully automatic so that people could move to the other corner of the room and take their control with them.
User Interface suggested that they could put all the options into a screen and all the other things can be controlled through the screen. Then they could set up their TV set like channels that you use they're one, two, three and five, and you will never have to go to a twenty fives channel. They could also set up some volume and then move out or move to the other corner of the room and take the control with them.
Industrial Designer introduced the working design of the remote control. The remote control would be a portable device which would send message to the main device like TV or VCR or D-V-D player. Then it would have an interface, which basically some kind of pressing buttons or keys or like moving jack or something like that. The key buttons would be transferred into a message and then it would process by the chip and generate some information. The information would be sent to the infrared L-E-D source, which would be generally in the form of infrared or sensor information. Then the main control would have a switch in the main of the device to do particular operations, and they would have different codes for different TVs. Then they could ask people what they don't have that may be useful.
Industrial Designer thought that speech recognition was a good idea because it would be easy to use and users would not have to tap in their buttons but just tell their remote control or whatever they need. However, Marketing thought that it would not be complicated so they would have only these three basic basic basic functions, volume, channels and options. User Interface thought it could be just a menu which could be controlled with a left, right, up, down and enter. Project Manager thought it was important to understand that the power button was not used often because in general you use it only once per session, but it was very relevant.
Marketing pointed out that the power button was not used often because in general you use it only once per session, but it was very relevant. Therefore, it was important to understand that the functionality that it was going to be instead of using the buttons. Project Manager thought automatic on off was not possible because it was different criteria for different people like so many buttons in these remote controls that nobody use. So they decided to only concentrate on TV for the moment and then make it more generalised.
The meeting was mainly about the progress of the project. The team discussed how the system was designed to work with the touch screen and how it would work with a mouse. The group also talked about how they could get the system to work in a different way. The professor mentioned that the team was working on the parser, analyzer, and the synthesis module, and they were going to start on that in parallel with the grammar stuff. In addition, the team discussed the data collection process, which was still in progress. They also discussed how to get more data into the system.
The meeting was mainly about the progress of the project. The team discussed how the system was designed to work with the touch screen and how it would work with a mouse. The group also talked about how they could get the system to work in a different way. The professor mentioned that the team was working on the parser, analyzer, and the synthesis module, and they were going to start on that in parallel with the grammar stuff. In addition, the team discussed the data collection process, which was still in progress. They also discussed how to get more data into the system.
The SmartKom system was designed to work with the Siemens virtual touch screen, but it was a lot of engineering stuff and it was hard to get it to work. The team had to send in a dummy center set-up program so that it actually worked because it was designed for this seevit thing, where you have the gestural recognition running with a Siemens touch screen. The system was brittle and the team needed to make twenty changes on each of the seventeen modules before they actually could stomach it, anything.
The demo system was designed to work with a mouse, and it was a lot of engineering stuff, but it was working now, and everything else actually did prove to be language independent except for the parsing and the generation of the syntactic structures. The system was based on Prolog, which was something based on LISP. The goal for the demo was to do the Greet-the-Person goal, and the goal was to try to do a Greet -the-People goal.
The demo was designed to work with a mouse, and the whole system was a lot of engineering stuff. It was working now, and everything else was language independent except for the parsing and the generation of the generation. The professor wanted the team to understand what was going on in the demo so that they could come up with a question of "could we fit this deeper stuff in there? " or something.
This meeting was mainly about the design of the remote control. First, the team discussed the component concept and the user interface concept. Then, the group discussed the technical specifications and how easy they could do and within their price range. After that, they discussed whether to use push buttons or liquid crystal LCD display and whether they could use some kind of speech recognition chip in their remote control and if there should be some supplements. Finally, they decided to use a simple device or simple technology to do the location of remote control in a room or in a house.
Industrial Designer proposed to use simple battery instead of solar cells or traditional solar cells and the material they could have plastic, rubber or titanium instead of rubber. They could use push buttons or liquid crystal d LCD display instead of LCD display. Also, they could use some kind of moving technology to do the location of remote control in a room or in a house.
The industrial designer recommended to use simple battery instead of solar cells and to go for titanium design instead of rubber because it would be difficult to do all the moulding of buttons and these things. He also suggested to use push buttons instead of LCDs because it was cheaper compared to LCD.
The user interface designer proposed to use push buttons instead of LCDs and to go for titanium design instead of rubber or to use traditional solar cells or to have plastic, rubber which is good for this R-S-A remote control. He also proposed to make the remote control with titanium panels on a whole rubber body.
User Interface proposed to use push buttons instead of LCDs and push buttons or liquid crystal LCD display. Also, they would like to go for titanium design instead of rubber or rubber because they found that they could not use double-curved shapes. They also wanted to use some kind of speech recognition chip in their remote control, which could be simple kind of programmable chip and which can use microphone sensors. They were looking for simple devices or simple technology to do the location of remote control in a room or in a house.
Marketing proposed having different colours for the product because there are two kinds of people. The young people the young people want to be different from their friends and the old people the elderly people want something that is specific to them so it's like a signature. Therefore, the marketing proposed that the product should have a fruit and vegetable way of look or feel.
Marketing believed that there were three aspects that the market of remote controls should pay much attention to. The first one was fancy, it had to have a fancy look and feel. The second thing was technologically innovative, it has to be technologically innovative. The third thing was that it should be useful as a remote control.
Marketing first introduced the importance of trend watching and appearance design. The group agreed that the best source of information was the web and asked real people who were using real remote controls every day to look at what the others were doing. Then, they discussed whether it was important to follow the trends or to be inspired by other people. Marketing suggested that the latter was more risky because people were not only watching the trends, they were inventing it and creating the trend. Finally, they agreed that it was not so important that the remote control was useful as a remote control.
Marketing learned that the trends were quite the same in many areas so it was important to see that the trend should have a fruit and vegetable way of look or feel. The young people the young people want to be different from their friends so they should have to have the look of fruit and vegetables. Moreover, the remote control should be technologically innovative so that it could be new with some of new technology inside and this was also more important than the last thing which was easy to use.
Marketing introduced three aspects of appearance design of the remote control. First of all, it had to be fancy, it has to have a fancy look and feel. Second, it must be technologically innovative. Third, it should be user-friendly and easy to use. Then, it was decided to go for titanium design instead of rubber or rubber. Finally, it would be possible to use LCD display.
This was the final meeting of the detailed design meeting. First, the team discussed the prototype presentation and the evaluation criteria. Then, the group discussed the production cost of the remote control. After that, they had a brief evaluation of the whole process of production and design that they had been through. The team agreed that there was room for creativity in the process of going and working individually and then coming back to a meeting, but the only problem was that at the end they had to cut some things down because of the budget they had.
Marketing first presented the evaluation criteria on the prototype presentation and the evaluation of the new design. User Interface followed with a seven-point scale for the user requirements and the user interface. After that, Marketing gave a brief evaluation on the whole process of production and design that the team had been through. Then, the group discussed the financial limits of the product and calculated the production costs. The team agreed that the product was within the budget, but they had to cut some things down because of the budget constraints.
Project Manager agreed with Marketing when assessing the criteria of matching the operating behaviour of the user. However, he thought that the scroll wheel was essentially the two buttons that was not a great difference, and the whole shape was curvy.
Industrial Designer thought that the scroll wheel was not very intuitive, but it was a good technology once people got used to it. User Interface thought that it was intuitive because it was the way people kind of are used to finding things. Project Manager agreed that the voice recognition was also just part of it.
Project Manager explained that they had to cut some of the prices that way because of the budget they had. Project Manager also wanted to make sure that their product fit both the evaluation criteria from Cat and the financial limits. Then they had a brief evaluation of the whole process of production and design that they've been through.
Marketing thought that the scroll wheel was essentially the two buttons that was not a great difference, so he gave it a zero point five. The spinning wheel with LCD display was a little bit more expensive, but it wouldn't actually cost any more.
Industrial Designer thought that they lost their evaluation criteria because they had to cut some things down because of the budget they had. For example, the scroll wheel and the pushbutton were considered to be too difficult for people to get used to in the beginni
This was the final meeting of the detailed design meeting. The group discussed the prototype of the remote control. First, the team discussed the basic design of the product, including its functions as a remote control and its appearance. Then, the group discussed whether to use a slide out panel or a fold-out bay for more advanced functions for users. Finally, they discussed the colour scheme and the material of the packaging. The team decided to go with the multiple colours coming out and the use of the solar cell.
The team had a detailed design meeting to look at the prototype of the remote control. First, the Industrial Designer presented the prototype and the team decided to go with a slide-out panel for the simple design features for a television operation but with a fold-out bay for more advanced functions for users. Then, the team discussed whether to go for a touch screen or a solar cell. The team decided on the solar cell because it was more cost-effective and it would be easier to manufacture in the factory. After that, the group discussed whether they should go with the face plate or the LCD screen. Finally, they decided to stick with the slide out panel because it would provide a nice aesthetic when it was all put away.
The Industrial Designer thought that the product was a good idea, but it would be desirable for the regular product in the in the first packaging to be something a little bit more subdued. The product was covered in a rubber coating so it was very durable and it was not gonna break like some types of plastic that's dropped, and if you touched it it did have that nice squishy feel. Also, the product could slide back in and provides a nice aesthetic when it was all put away.
The Project Manager thought that the presentation contents of the last meeting were quite interesting. The team had a lot of ideas on the design of the remote control, but they had to make sure that they didn't go too far in terms of conceptualization because they were limited by the limitations they were operating under. In the end, the team came to the conclusion that they should develop a remote with voice recognition, which would include some simple design features for a television operation but with a slide or a fold-out bay for more advanced functions for users. The Project Manager also thought that it would be desirable for the regular product in the in the first packaging to be something a little bit more subdued.
The group discussed the last meeting and their progress on the prototype of the remote control. Industrial Designer gave a presentation on how the prototype had been assembled and how it was coming up to par with the criteria that they had set at the beginning of the project. User Interface gave a report on the colour scheme of the product and the appearance of the buttons and the slide out panel. Marketing gave an evaluation on the functionality of the prototype and concluded that it was doing well. Then, Project Manager gave a review on the performance of the final prototype and the team was satisfied with it.
Industrial Designer thought that their teamwork was pretty clever because they were never able to get too far off track because the information came in at the right time and filled in the gaps enough. Also, the team was able to brainstorm together and get the PowerPoint slides already put together for each other.
The Project Manager thought that the previous meetings had been too much of a brainstorming session and too little of the collaborative brainstorming. He thought that if the team had been a team project, there would have been six months' worth of work, not three hours' worth. In addition, he thought that they should develop a remote with voice recognition and a vaguely non-remote like shape because users didn't really need to use it as a remote since they could just use their voice.
The meeting started with a brief introduction to the current work on the JavaBayes belief-net. The team discussed how to get more information from the data and how to extract features from it. Then, the team discussed the structure of the belief net and how it could be structured. The meeting ended with a discussion about how the data could be extracted from the model and how the model could be made more robust. The group then moved on to a discussion on how to improve the model.
The team decided to set up the recording equipment. They would use a wireless microphone, a microphone, and a microphone stand. The microphone would be set up in the living room. The team would have to make sure that everyone was wearing a wireless headset and that the microphone was on. The group would also have to fill out some forms to ensure that everyone had signed the consent form. After that, the team would be able to figure out which of the three intentions were most likely to be fulfilled.
C thought that the recording equipment would be a good choice for the team to set up. The team would be able to use it to record the speech of the speaker next week. The recording equipment will be in the lab, and the team will be using a microphone and a microphone array. C thought that it would be interesting to see how the team would set up the equipment.
A thought that it would be a good idea to set up the recording equipment, but he didn't know how to do it on the audio, and still have people who were doing discourse research be able to use the data.
The team decided to set up the computer navigation system in a room with a microphone and a microphone. The team would have the participants wear a wireless device and fill out the forms. They would also have a wizard who would instruct the wizard in how expressive and talkative he should be. The wizard would be given instructions on how to use the microphone and how to interpret the data. The group would also be asked to fill out a consent form. The goal of the experiment was to collect dialogues in which one way or the other, the participants were able to figure out both the intention and the context, and know what language was used. In order to do this, the team would collect a discrete number of features so that when they know the values to all those features, or as many as possible, they can come up with the best estimate of which of the three little intentions are most likely.
B thought that the experimental setup of the computer navigation system was too poor. The data collection was not differentiated by intentionality, so that the tasks were not differentiated between intentionality and other tasks. It was never the goal of that data collection to serve for such a purpose. The goal was to build a system that always asked every time, but what they didn't want to do was build a program that always asks every time.
D thought that the experimental setup of the computer navigation system was a good idea, but he was not sure how to make it an appropriate toy version of the real thing. He thought that it was hard to collect data for speech recognition or various other tasks that have pretty clear correct answers, but with intention, there were a lot of other factors that would influence how to interpret the data.
Huw Irranca-Davies AM explained that the focus of this scheme is very much on registered licensed providers, as opposed to every Tom, Dick and Harriet. The childcare offer isn't only to just provide childcare; it's the wider aspects that come with this. There's an element of education linked to the childcare offer—there's that 10-hours of the early education foundation years as well. So, that is integrated in the offer, and they'll be looking to do the same in terms of the Welsh offer. But the quality, I think, is key, and that's why they're focused very much in registered inspected providers.
Huw Irranca-Davies AM explained that the early implementer areas were not evenly spread across. The focus of this scheme was very much on registered licensed providers, which could be registered and inspected by the care inspectorate, and they were discussing this at the moment internally and with the professional association for Childcare and Early Years and others. The childcare offer wasn't only to just provide childcare; it was the wider aspects that come with this. There was an element of education linked to the childcare offer—there's that 10-hours of the early education foundation years as well.
Huw Irranca-Davies AM thought that there were two lessons that can be learned from early implementer areas. One was the importance of communicating to parents and providers who the parents go to what is best for them to access, how they access it easily, and we'll learn more as these pilots roll by. The other was that there are elements of a childcare offer within the tax offer, within universal credit, within working tax credit. The childcare offer isn't only to just provide childcare; it's the wider aspects that come with this. There's an element of education linked to the childcare offer—there's that 10-hours of the early education foundation years as well. So, one of the lessons that we've learnt from the Talk Childcare communication strategy alongside this is the importance to communicate to parents.
Huw Irranca-Davies explained that local authorities were tasked with doing their own assessments of childcare sufficiency for this childcare offer. They were identifying the gaps, David, and they would work with them and with providers to fill those gaps with the money they had put to it, and that includes in all parts of Wales, including those areas within south Wales and others that were less deep in their tradition of speaking Welsh over recent history, but where the demand for it was massive.
Huw Irranca-Davies AM explained that the focus of this scheme is very much on registered licensed providers, which could be, by the way—because they do have them, and they're discussing this at the moment internally and with the professional association for Childcare and Early Years and others—grandparents who are actually registered and inspected by the care inspectorate. The childcare offer isn't only to just provide childcare; it's the wider aspects that come with this. There's an element of education linked to the childcare offer—there's that 10 hours of the early education foundation years as well.
Huw Irranca-Davies thought that it would be sensible to offer a subsidy to grandparents to provide this kind of care. However, the focus of this scheme was very much on registered licensed providers, which could be, by the way, and they were discussing this at the moment internally and with the professional association for Childcare and Early Years.
Huw Irranca-Davies thought that the capacity in the next several years to deliver the product would be different, as it currently was in different areas: the type of provision, where the provision was located. But the provision should be there for those children with complex needs, children with disabilities, Welsh language provision, as well as more generic provision.
Huw Irranca-Davies AM explained that the hourly rate was the right rate and it was suitable not only today but for the foreseeable future of rolling this out. However, in future, any Minister, any committee, would want to come back and look at the rate, as one element of the scheme, appropriate to the current financial challenges for the sector, and not least, by the way, as they try not only to develop the workforce, but to develop career pathways through this as well.
Huw Irranca-Davies thought that the affordability of lowest-income working families would be most unduly affected by the hourly rates of the service. The fact that parents, including those who were on lower incomes, were used to currently discriminating between providers, not only with childcare settings but also within school settings as well, where very often schools now would say, 'We're doing something extra'.
Huw Irranca-Davies thought that the pilot in Cardiff and Newport was a good step forward and that they had lessons to learn over the affordability and the £4.50 per hour rate. However, if they identified that the rate was not appropriate, then they would be back in front of the committee arguing why that needs to be the case.
Mark Reckless AM asked about the impact on children. Jo-Anne Daniels answered that one of the main outcomes of this policy would be the academic performance of children, hopefully, later on in life. There was a lot of evidence to suggest that they start with a disadvantage at school and often don't make that up, even as they went through school. Therefore, the number of terms that a child is able to, or parents are able to access the childcare offer will be influenced by when the child is born, which is about whether they should be allowed the flexibility to start school at a later age, which was something that had been tested in England, and there was some mixed evidence about school starting age and the birth month of children.
Huw Irranca-Davies thought that it was a different thing, a universal offer, and there were issues around that with complexity, and also affordability. In fact, it did overlap with other offers that other political parties were taking forward into the last election, which was focusing on how they support the biggest thing that they often have in their constituency mailbags, which is, 'I can't afford to go back to work because I can't find the childcare. Don't tell me to go to work, I can’t afford it.'
Huw Irranca-Davies assured the high qualification and quality of the workforce while the rates remained at £4.50, because there could be pressures in the opposite direction there, and some tension between wanting to up the qualifications and the quality of workforce whilst keeping affordability in place. The quality, he said, was key, and that's why they were focused very much on registered inspected providers, as opposed to every Tom, Dick and Harriet.
This meeting was mainly about the evaluation of the remote control. First, the project manager introduced the evaluation process. Then, the team members gave a rating on each item based on the marketing strategy, on the latest trends, on user preferences, and on base of each criteria, they needed to give a rating. Then they counted an average of all the ratings together. After that, the group discussed how to improve the product. Finally, they decided to design a new remote control with a smaller monitor and a normal mouse.
User Interface introduced the prototype of the remote control, which was made of rubber and blue with big buttons except for the power button and mute and the other button. It had no joystick, no push buttons, no special colour, and no channel buttons. It was made with a small monitor and a normal mouse. In addition, it had a lot of buttons for the numbers and a channel higher channel button.
Marketing designed a seven-point scale based on the marketing strategy, on the latest trends, on user preferences, and on the average of all the ratings.
The team evaluated the product based on the marketing strategy, on the latest trends, on user preferences and on the design of the remote control. The team gave a seven-point scale from true to false, with a low number being better and a high number being worse. The average of all the ratings would be calculated.
The cost of the remote control would be 12.5 Euros. The team agreed that it would be cheaper to use a smaller monitor and a normal mouse instead of the joystick. They would also have to change the colour of the buttons to blue and green.
The team agreed that the remote control was technologically innovative and technologically innovative. It was easy to use with a smaller monitor and with a normal mouse. The team also agreed that it had not too many buttons and that the joystick was for the volume and the channels. However, they had to change that a little bit because it was difficult to use the red and green button. The group also agreed to give an average rating on each item and then they would calculate an average of all rating together.
This was the second meeting of the team to discuss the key remote control concepts. The meeting was mainly about the components' properties, materials, the user interface and any trends that the Marketing Expert had been watching. First, the group discussed the prototype design of the remote control. Then, the team discussed how to incorporate voice recognition into the product. After that, they discussed the colour of the material and the material of the buttons. Finally, they decided to use titanium as the material.
Marketing first gave a presentation on market trends and suggested that the remote control should be technologically innovative, technologically innovative and different. Then, User Interface introduced the definition of user interface, which was the aspects of a computer system or programme which can be seen by the user and which the mechanisms that the user uses to control its operation and input data. User Interface also proposed to incorporate the colours of the company into the buttons and then make the colour of the main remote control the colour like vegetable colours. Finally, Industrial Designer presented on the components' properties, materials, the user interface and any trends that the Marketing Expert had been watching.
Industrial Designer thought that a scroll wheel was a good idea, but he was not sure how well a scrolling wheel would work in rubber because it would be easy to reach for buttons. Also, the spinning wheel would be going at a high speed to the scrolling wheel, which would be annoying for the user. So Industrial Designer suggested that they could have a regular or advanced scroll wheel.
Marketing thought that LCD was the way to go because it was technologically innovative and different and it would be easier to use than any other remote. Also, if someone wanted to change the contrast on their TV, they should be able to do that and it should be accessible, so the whole idea with the spinning and the colours and the voice recognition was quite the thing to go for.
The team decided to include voice recognition as one of the key remote control concepts. They also decided to keep it small, simple and nice. The team also agreed to make it out of rubber, because it was the smallest and with the smallest number of buttons as well as the least number of spongy material. The group also agreed that the colour of the remote control should be the same as that of the TV, so that it would be easy to use.
The group agreed that the wood case would be a good choice for the remote control because it would be easy to put all the technology in and it would not be bulky. However, they were not sure how well a scrolling wheel would work on the basis that it was spongy, so they decided to make it out of rubber. The group also agreed that colours could be provided with the case rather than the case, but they still need to think about the colour of the remote as such.
The push-buttons were quite big and have many many buttons. The appearance of some of them was kind of not so nice and it took a long time to learn. Therefore, the group decided to keep it small and nice. The buttons would be rubber and the buttons were also rubber. The group also decided to include voice recognition.
This meeting was about the future of the part-time sector in Wales. First of all, Kirsty Williams AM introduced that the government was pursuing the recommendations of the Hazelkorn report, which had been adopted by the Cabinet Secretary and the First Minister. Then, the government had published the responses to the technical consultation and was pleased to say that there was a consensus on the direction of travel that they were pursuing. A summary of the consultation responses will be available to Members and will be published by the end of the week. Next, Huw Morris explained that the Government had set ambitious targets for the uptake of students taking advantage of the system, and they would continue to move forward.
According to Kirsty Williams, in terms of the overall numbers, they would be looking to commission from those institutions that have been accredited the number of training places that their planning tool says that they need. In terms of an overall number of places, they will commission from accredited units. With regard to Newport, they are aware of concerns. Obviously, one campus closed completely, and there are concerns about the level of activity at the new campus. And they continue to discuss with the University of South Wales and the local FE college what offer is available to the local population, but also the wider contribution that that institution can make to the rest of Wales.
Kirsty Williams said that they would be looking to commission from those institutions that have been accredited the number of training places that their planning tool says that they need. Their curriculum was very clear about the equality of the language and the ability of the children, through all stages of their education journey, to be able to be bilingual children. So, in terms of an overall number of places, they would commission from the accredited units. They would commission the number that the planning tool said they needed. The accreditation process, which was independent of the Government, demanded of the ITE providers that their provision would be able meet the goals of their curriculum.
Kirsty Williams answered that they would be looking to commission from those institutions that have been accredited the number of training places that our planning tool says that we need. So, in terms of an overall number of places, they would commission from the accredited units. With regard to Newport, they are aware of concerns. Obviously, one campus closed completely, and there are concerns about the level of activity at the new campus. And we continue to discuss with the University of South Wales and the local FE college what offer is available to the local population, but also the wider contribution that that institution can make to the rest of Wales, and they continue to have conversations with both the college and the university about utilisation of the facilities in Newport and opportunities that could be made available in Newport.
Kirsty Williams AM explained that they would be looking to commission from those institutions that have been accredited the number of training places that their planning tool says that they needed. The accreditation process, which was independent of the Government—the accreditation required of the ITE providers that their provision would be able to meet the goals of the curriculum. So, in terms of an overall number of places, they would commission from the accredited units. However, there would be a responsibility upon the University of South Wales to ensure that those students already in the system were able to complete their studies and their course, with the appropriate level of support and tuition to enable them to achieve their career aspirations and to graduate from that programme.
According to Kirsty Williams, the accreditation process demanded of the ITE providers that their provision would be able to meet the goals of the curriculum. So, in terms of an overall number of places, they would commission from those accredited units. In terms of Newport, they were aware of concerns about the level of activity at the new campus. And they continue to discuss with the University of South Wales and the local FE college what offer was available to the local population, but also the wider contribution that that institution can make to the rest of Wales.
According to Kirsty Williams, the current geographic spread of provision was a significant geographical spread. There were centres here in the south-east, there were centres in the north-west, in mid Wales, and in north Wales. Therefore, there would be a responsibility upon the University of South Wales to ensure that those students already in the system were able to complete their studies and their course, with the appropriate level of support and tuition to enable them to achieve their career aspirations and to graduate from that programme. To make sure that they were doing that in a full and appropriate manner, periodically, they asked for that system to be reviewed.
According to Kirsty, there was no formal policy for reconfiguration or mergers. If individual institutions felt that there was an advantage—I would hope for the student first, and, if we put the student at the front of this process, then they would obviously have an interest in that and making sure that that was the right thing to do. That's not to say I don't believe in collaboration between institutions. But, certainly, there is no pressure from us as a Government to pursue an agenda of mergers, because individual institutions wish to collaborate or, indeed, go further to a formal merger.
According to Kirsty Williams, there was no formal policy for reconfiguration or mergers. If individual institutions wish to collaborate or, indeed, go further to a formal merger then, obviously, that was a matter for them. If they saw that there was an advantage—I would hope for the student first, and, if we put the student at the front of this process, then they would obviously have an interest in that and making sure that that was the right thing to do. But, certainly, there is no pressure from us as a Government to pursue an agenda of mergers, but, if individual institutions felt that was of benefit to them and their students, then we would have an interested in that.
According to Kirsty Williams, there was no formal policy for reconfiguration or mergers. However, he was heartened by some of the really interesting collaborative work that Cardiff Met were interested in doing, and new partnerships and new collaborations between institutions, whether that be Cardiff Uni or local colleges, were to be welcomed. In terms of the institution going forward, they were not aware that they were currently struggling with any disadvantage from that discussion. They were doing a piece of work to reflect, and that would, perhaps, help inform them as they went forward.
Kirsty Williams AM said that the process was independent of Government, and it would not be appropriate for him to comment on that, especially as there was an appeals process that may be being undertaken. What I would say is that from the very outset of our ITE reforms we had made it very clear that I expect very high standards in our ITEs system, but the process is independent of this Government. I have confidence in the people who have been appointed by the EWC to undertake that process, but it was not appropriate for me to comment further.
Eluned Morgan thought that the reason this had come about, or part of the reason, was because they had seen that pay settlement in relation to teachers' pay and the UK Government had had the consequential. So, the system—it means that, previously, they were prepared to pay and now the state was paying or the employer's playing it in a slightly different way. Therefore, they had got to be careful that what happens was that the state didn't pick up what, currently, people were willing to pay for themselves, and, so, they've got to just make sure that that balance was right. They were keeping a close eye on things.
According to Eluned Morgan, the reason this has come about, or part of the reason, is because they've seen that pay settlement in relation to teachers' pay and they've had the consequential. So, the system—it means that, previously, they were prepared to pay and now the state was paying or the employer's playing it in a slightly different way. So they've got to just be aware about how—making sure that they don't get employers passing that responsibility that, actually, they had to upskill and to uptrain their workers and pass it back on to the state, whereas, they need to step up as well as employers.
The meeting of the Children, Young People and Education Committee was held on Thursday, October 12, 2017. The meeting was mainly about the COVID emergency and the response of the Welsh Government to the pandemic. The committee members were asked to give their opinions on the situation and the progress of the children and young people. Julie Morgan AM firstly explained that the government had adopted a red-amber-green rating system to ensure that vulnerable children and families received the right way of receiving services and the frequency of contact from the services. This did include discretion for local authorities to have some flexibility and to be able to offer a place for those who may be on the edge of receiving care and support if they were known to be vulnerable by the school or by family support services. Also, there was very close contact between Welsh Government officials and the local authorities. The children were all being monitored individually, and in the circumstances they were all doing what they possibly could. The most vulnerable of these children should be prioritised. The guidance on compliance with family court child arrangement orders was directed at separated families subject to the family court, and that offered general advice to parents, recognising that the circumstances for each parent and each family would be different.
Vaughan Gething AM said that the mental health services, including those for children and young people, were essential services to be provided. They were not part of the series of measures that I stopped within the health service on 13 March. They had built up those crisis care services over a period of time, and the last thing they didn't want to see was to see them disappear during this period when there were well-understood concerns about emotional and mental health. So, they were looking to make sure that the progress wasn't lost that we had made. They still had seven-day-a-week crisis care. In terms of in-patient capacity, that was in the system in both the north Wales and in the south Wales unit at the moment.
Vaughan Gething thought that the mental health recovery plan would be of very real importance to him. In amongst all the other priorities he had, he was certainly not going to allow the Mental health and well-being of children and young people to be forgotten. They were not part of the series of measures that had been stopped within the health service on 13 March. They had built up those crisis care services over a period of time, and the last thing they wanted to see was to see them disappear during this period when there were well-understood concerns about emotional and mental health.
Sian Gwenllian AM asked whether there was sufficient capacity in place to manage any increase. Tracey Breheny responded that in terms of in-patient capacity, that was in the system in both the north Wales and in the south Wales unit at the moment. They had built up those crisis care services over a period of time, and the last thing they wanted to see was to see them disappear during this crisis. They were not services to be scaled down.
The evaluation showed that there had been a decrease in the numbers of women being willing to look at mother and baby unit provision, and the Welsh Government was taking that into account in their planning. In terms of in-patient capacity, that was in the system in both the north Wales and in the south Wales unit at the moment. There were some discharges of young people, but they were only undertaken where it was clinically safe to do so and where the community support was in place. The evaluation also showed that the most important thing was to make sure they had their vaccinations.
Vaughan Gething explained that the crisis care services were still available. They were not part of the series of measures that he stopped within the health service on 13 March. There were some discharges of young people, but they were only undertaken where it was clinically safe to do so and where the community support was in place.
Vaughan Gething thought that the perinatal mental health service would continue to be available. They were not part of the series of measures that I stopped within the health service on 13 March. They had built up those crisis care services over a period of time, and the last thing they didn't want to see was to see them disappear during this period when there were well-understood concerns about emotional and mental health. So, the service may have changed, but it still absolutely exists. They're not services to be scaled down. In terms of in-patient capacity, that is in the system in both the north Wales and in the south Wales unit at the moment.
Julie Morgan AM suggested that the definition of vulnerable children and young people includes those with a social worker and with statements of special educational needs, and the most vulnerable of these should be prioritised. However, the Deputy Minister pointed out that there were those other children who may be on the edge of care—the children that were trying very hard, as part of the policies in the Welsh Government, to keep with their families, with a lot of support. So, they were giving discretion to the local authorities in order to have a degree of flexibility, and that would be published this week.
Julie Morgan thought that the coronavirus childcare assistance scheme had been crucial, because how would the majority of the key workers have been able to get to work and do all the wonderful things that they had been doing if it hadn't been for childcare for those who need it? And they were very pleased to introduce the free access to childcare aged 0 to 5, which was the only country in the UK that was providing that free service to the vulnerable children.
Julie Morgan explained that they had worked with the fostering organizations. They had had close communications with them, and they had supported AFA Cymru to develop guidance for foster carers, and that guidance had been very strongly welcomed across the sector. They were giving discretion to the local authorities in order to have a degree of flexibility, and some local authorities had paid retainers and some people, I believe, had increased the amount of money that they were paying. And, obviously, foster carer who did require additional support should be approaching their local authorities or the independent fostering agency.
According to Julie Morgan, the definition of vulnerable children and young people includes those with a social worker and with statements of special educational needs, and the most vulnerable of these should be prioritised. This does include discretion for local authorities to have some flexibility and to be able to offer a place for those who may be on the edge of receiving care and support if they are known to be vulnerable by the school or by family support services. In terms of the provision in schools, they're looking at around 4,000 children a day in schools at the moment. There were some discharges of young people, but they had had the assurance that that was only undertaken where it was clinically safe to do so and where the community support was in place.
Julie Morgan explained that they were launching a survey of children. And this is to try to get from children their views of what's happened, what we've been doing, and their views on the whole COVID-19 situation. So, this is an online survey that they hope will be going out to thousands of children, and they will get their response in terms of what are the important issues that have arisen for them, what they feel about the way that we've dealt with the schools, and how they've had to cope in not going school and being at home for so long. And so they're trying to get feedback from young people. They're doing this in conjunction with the children's commissioner and with Young Wales and with the Youth Parliament.
Albert Heaney thought that the coronavirus Act was UK Government legislation and they ran their own impact assessments, but, in terms of how they implement it in the childcare and education space, they definitely would be looking at those impacts and would be undertaking a full suite of impact assessments on those.
The meeting began with a brief update on the progress of the Transcriber project. The team discussed the progress on the back-end of the project, which was progressing well. The project was working well, but the team was running out of disk space. They were also trying to figure out a way to reduce the number of dimensions in the phone set. They wanted to limit it to maybe something on the same order of dimensions as they use in a standard front-end, which would mean just doing the top ten or twelve or something of the KLT dimensions. They also wanted to try things like deltas on the tandem features.
The team discussed the storage disks and computer connections. The team was only about thirty percent on the second disk, but they had a little bit of time before that became critical. They would have to deal with all the meeting data all at once, in a lot of different ways. They could hang scratch disks on the fast connection to the rest of the machines, but if they just needed un-backed - up space, they could just hang disks off them. The sysadmins preferred to have one external drive per machine.
Grad E suggested that they could hang scratch disks on the machine room, because they would be on the fast connection to the rest of the machines. The sysadmins would prefer to have one external drive per machine.
Dave Johnson was leaving the team. The team thought it was a good thing that he was leaving. He had a lot of plans of things that he wanted to do to make things better in many ways and was running out of time.
The meeting was about scheduling future meetings. The first meeting was to discuss how to deal with meeting data. The second meeting would be about the Transcriber interface. The third meeting would deal with the transcription of the Hub-five system. The fourth meeting would focus on the training of the MLP. The fifth meeting would discuss the data collection process. The meeting ended with a brief discussion about the scheduling of future meetings, including whether to have a separate meeting for meetings that are not related to meetings.
The professor thought that it would be nice to have the Transcriber interface be able to show some other interesting signal along with the wavform. He also thought that the team should have a discussion about scheduling meetings.
The team was in the position of having to deal with all the meeting data all at once, in a lot of different ways, so they decided to have a separate meeting to discuss it. The meeting would be held in the machine room, where they would be on the fast connection to the rest of the machines. The team thought that they could hang scratch disks off the machines, and if they needed un-backup space, they could just hang disks off them.
This was the kick-off meeting for the new television remote control project. The project manager introduced the team members to each other and the tools they had. Then, the team discussed about their first ideas about the project, including the technical design and form of the remote control. After that, the project manager gave a presentation about the three stages of the project plan, including functional, conceptual, and detailed design. The team then discussed the cost of the new remote control and decided to make it cost 12.5 Euros.
Project Manager proposed that the remote control should be original and trendy, trendy for young people, modern and friendly. It had to be a universal way of transmitting from the remote to the television so it was all about the universal way. The group agreed to keep the cost at twelve and a half Euros and keep it at 12.5 Euros. Project Manager also suggested that there should be two functions for every button so that it should be possible to make it apparent that there were two functions.
Industrial Designer proposed that the remote control should be made of plastic of course, hard plastic, the buttons should be rubbery and the shape of the remote should be recognisable. Marketing suggested that there should be some space between the buttons so that there would be two functions for every button. User Interface suggested that it should be possible to make it apparent that there were two functions. Project Manager agreed and suggested that the function of the buttons was about a layer over the buttons.
Marketing thought that it was important to keep this kind of idea with the with the numbers and to make it acceptable for the whole world, for different cultures and for young people. Therefore, the group agreed that they should make it trendy and modern. Also, they should have a universal universal way of transmitting from the remote to the television so it would be easy to use.
Project Manager wanted the remote control to be original, trendy and trendy. It had to be made in the buttons and the function of the buttons was about a layer over the buttons. Also, it had to fit the television and D-V-D set. The remote control should be made of plastic of course, hard plastic, the buttons should be rubbery, and the pen width should be different colours and different pen widths.
The group members agreed that the buttons of the remote control should be made in a layer over the buttons so that the function of the buttons was not lost. They also agreed that it should be possible to make it apparent that there were two functions for every button.
The product manager wanted to achieve the expected profit of 50 million Euros. In order to achieve this goal, the group would have to keep their costs at 12 and a half Euros and keep the cost of materials at 12.5 Euros.
The meeting was about the government's response to the COVID-19 pandemic. First of all, the opposition party expressed its gratitude to the people of Quebec for the resilience of Quebeckers concerned for their jobs or their businesses during the crisis. The opposition party then asked the government to provide the people with support and to plan for after the crisis, and to do so now. The government promised to correct this injustice. However, many of these programs still had not been improved and many of the gaps and shortcomings would be changed as time went on. Finally, the party demanded that the government present an economic update, and that it do so before June17.
According to the Prime Minister, the government knew from the beginning of this pandemic that they did need to move extremely quickly, and that's what they did. They rolled out the Canada emergency response benefit extremely quickly. Eight million Canadians have had that as a replacement for paycheques lost because of COVID-19. They also moved forward on the wage subsidy and a range of other programs to support workers and small businesses.
The opposition party and the Prime Minister commented about companies laying off workers in the midst of pandemic. The emergency wage subsidy was a program that was clearly meant to ensure employees were protected and maintain their relationship with their employer. However, certain companies and businesses had particularities that meant it was a little more difficult for them to qualify. The Prime Minister promised to stick to the approach, which was to use consistent criteria to help all employees and all Canadians around the country struggling in any sector of the economy.
Hon. Patty Hajdu believed that the only way to actually reform long-term care was to work with provinces and territories, in fact, all levels of government, to ensure that the people who spent their lives caring for and nurturing us can end their lives with caring and nurturing. However, the member opposite was trying to confuse the issue. The government was saying they didn't receive the report from the department until May 22, but this report came out on May 14. Since the government owns these homes, has the military been sent in there to see what's happening to seniors under their care?
Hon. Patty Hajdu said that it was important that it is important to work with all of the provinces and territories under whose jurisdiction to protect seniors within those long-term care facilities. The Government of Canada stood ready to support them as they continue to respond to this crisis. The member opposite was trying to confuse the issue. As she knows, the review we did was entirely separate from the standards to which the province held the care homes. The government was saying they didn't receive the report from the department until May 22, but this report came out on May 14.
Hon. Carolyn Bennett (Minister of Crown-Indigenous Relations) reminded the committee that there was a process for the hereditary chiefs to go back to their communities and discuss with them. Any agreement after the good work that would happen now would have to be approved by all members of the nation in terms of developing a consensus for the agreement.
Hon. Patty Hajdu (Minister of Health) said that from the very beginning of the outbreak in early January we were aware of the challenges our health sector would face, and we immediately began to work with the provinces and territories to understand what the need would be and how we could best prepare. That's the approach we've taken to protect people and to ensure that there would be jobs in the future.
Hon. Carolyn Bennett (Minister of Crown-Indigenous Relations) explained that there was a process for the hereditary chiefs to go back to their communities and discuss with them. Any agreement after the good work that would happen now would have to go to the table to seek the approval of all of the communities. It was going to be an agreement to begin the work, but any final agreement had to be approved by all members of the nation in terms of developing a consensus for the agreement.
Hon. Anita Anand (Minister of Public Services and Procurement) explained that keeping supply chains open for medical goods, critical agriculture and essential goods was absolutely essential and Hon. Chrystia Freeland (Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Intergovernmental Affairs) assured that Canada's supply chains and those global supply chains, particularly for essential goods, for agricultural products, for medical supplies, continue to remain open. During COVID-19, the Government of Canada had been working with G20 partners to ensure that the supply chains were operating despite the global environment being highly competitive.
Hon. Patty Hajdu introduced that the equipment that was donated when China was in its outbreak was an important donation of nearly expired or expired goods that it was in desperate need of in its effort to try to contain the virus. As a member of cabinet, was the health minister aware?
During the pandemic, the government gave money to companies that didn't pay a cent in tax because they use tax havens. The government's response was that it was no big deal. We told the government that it didn't make sense. They told them that the government was obligated to review the sale for compliance because it was a matter of public interest. They responded that it did not make sense and they were going to take responsibility for it.
Hon. Patty Hajdu said that it was important to work with all of the provinces and territories under whose jurisdiction it falls to protect the seniors within those care homes. The government had indicated its willingness to support the provinces on this very important issue. They would continue to support them through the deployment of the outstanding Canadian Armed Forces and in their partnership with the Red Cross. The Government of Canada stood ready to support provinces as they continue to respond to this crisis.
Hon. Patty Hajdu said that it was important to work with all of the provinces and territories under whose jurisdiction it fell to protect the seniors within those care homes. That's what the government had been doing since the beginning of the outbreak of the coronavirus, and that's what they would continue to do to protect lives of seniors and strengthen their protection.
The meeting began with a brief introduction to the team's work on spectral subtraction. The team discussed the results of the Makhoul-type spectral subtractions, which use an over- estimation factor, and how to smooth the result of the subtraction to get rid of the musical noise. They also discussed how to train gender-dependent models to reduce errors in the SRI system.
The team discussed the TORRENT schedule and intermediate categorization. The team agreed that they would use the SRI recognizer since it was already set up for Switchboard. They would run some sort of tandem-style processing with the intermediate classifiers. The group also discussed how to improve the performance of the Aurora front-end and HTK acoustic models on the meeting digits. The Aurora system had a two point seven percent error rate, which was better than the previous system.
Grad F wanted to take a look at things that he could model within word and then shift the focus to something like Switchboard, where he would be able to model intermediate categories that span across phonemes.
Grad F wanted to take a look at things that could model within phonemes and then shift the focus to something like Switchboard, where he would be able to model intermediate categories that span across phoneme. Grad F thought that the VTS that he tested before was in the log domain and the codebook was dependent on the level of the speech signal.
The team discussed the effect of mean subtraction on the PZM signal. The team thought that the effect might be due to deep valleys in the begin and the end of high-energy regions. They thought that they could add in a modulo-two-pi modulo to the arithmetic of phases to correct for this problem. They also thought that adding a constant noise would help to normalize the phase.
The professor thought that echoes and reverberation should be taken into consideration when making decisions about how much noise to add to the model. He thought that it was important to make sure that the model was not throwing out too much noise.
PhD C explained that the system was using the absolute energy, so it was a little bit dependent on the signal level. The energy-based system was just putting a threshold on the noise energy and tagging the frames there as speech.
This meeting was about the evaluation of the project. First, the team discussed the design of the watch. Then, they talked about the colour of the LCD screen and the shape of the front and back of the device. After that, they decided to use different colours, bright colours not black, too dark, fancy colours, and basic ugly colours. Finally, they discussed the buttons. The team agreed to put the Okay button in the middle of the operators, the channel and volume changers, and the logo in the upper right corner.
Industrial Designer presented the prototype of the watch. The prototype was made of hard plastic, the front, the back and the lower part of the front. The back side and the back part was of titanium made of titanium, and had the titanium colour of course, the look and the tough look. The LCD screen was on the upper side of the device. The buttons were in the middle of the palm and the channel and volume changers were on the lower side. The logo was in the upper right corner and the company slogan was in a kind of arc shape above the logo.
The Industrial Designer and the Project Manager agreed that the LCD screen should be put on the upper side of the device, but the Marketing suggested that they could change the titanium to hard a hard kind of plastic looking like titanium than lose the LCD. However, the Industrial Designer pointed out that it was not practical to consider this after they had designed the entire thing.
The Project Manager thought that the prototype was pretty much like a SMARTboard. It had an arc in the middle, so that the logo was a bit thicker and the fronts was thicker so that it fell over your hands. The buttons were made of titanium, and the rest of the buttons felt soft. In the market, the front was made of hard plastic and the back of titanium. The special colour was the titanium colour, and it was bright colours and fancy colours.
The User Interface thought that the titanium provided the tough look and the older people would like it because of that. However, it was not good enough to use the titanium because it was difficult to draw that in. Therefore, they had to adapt it to the costs.
The Industrial Designer thought the titanium provided the tough look and the soft feel of the buttons, so it was not good enough to replace the titanium with plastic.
Industrial Designer thought the titanium just provided the tough look and the titanium colour of the product, which made it more exciting than basic round or square buttons. Marketing agreed that the titanium look of it was also good for them, so they considered the logo big in the middle to be good for the youth and the older people would like it because of that. And the company slogan was in a kind of arc shape above the logo.
This meeting was mainly about the interface concept of the remote control. First, the group discussed the buttons they just chose, the colours and design of the buttons, the material of the case and the shape of the whole remote control, and the cost of the LCD screen. Then, they talked about the trend-watching of the market by Trendwatchers. They found two groups, young and trendy and the old and rich. They both like dark colours, simple shapes, recognisable shapes, and bright colours. They also liked fruit and vegetable themes as a theme for clothes, shoes, and also products. After that, they discussed the costs of LCD screen and simple chips.
User the power button to switch the television on and off, the mute button to mute the channel, the volume and channel quadrants, left and right, up and down arrows to do the volume, and the menu menu button to man manipulate the LCD display. And what's interesting is the the icons on the buttons. Some buttons have icons like the play and stop, but they're both a V, so User Interface suggested to choose the right icons, or or letters.
User Interface explained that the power buttons were mostly at the top left or right and the arrow b buttons could be blue. The channel and channel quadrants were left and right, up and down arrows to do the volume and channel, and the menu menu button to man manipulate the LCD display. Also, the icons on the arrows could be different colours and shapes. Project Manager asked User Interface about the icon design on the buttons. User Interface answered that they had to choose the right icons, or or letters.
User Interface suggested a yellow case with round edges and a logo at the bottom. The buttons were mostly at the top left or right. The power button to switch the television on and off, the mute button to mute the volume on and on, and the channel button to choose higher channels than nine. The volume and channel quadrants were left and right, up and down arrows to do the volume and channels. The menu menu button was on the left and on the right, and there was a scroll menu button to manipulate the LCD display.
Industrial Designer thought that the customers' taste was for a more hand-shaped remote control, with scroll, without LCD, with buttons on top and bottom, and with a scroll menu, a scroll wheel, and a LCD. He also thought that it would be easy to use if it was a big remote control.
Industrial Designer suggested that the push-button requires a simple chip chip, whereas a scroll wheel requires minimally a regular chip, which is a higher price range, which in turn is more expensive than the regular chip. The LCD display requires advanced chips, which are more expensive, and the costs will increase a lot more. Therefore, the team decided to use regular chips and LCD display.
Marketing did some trend-watching and found that young and trendy people like dark colours, simple, recognisable shapes, and fruit and vegetable themes. The old and rich, on the other hand, preferred advanced chips and fancy buttons. However, with trends it's always important to keep up with latest trends because if you don't, you won't sell. Therefore, Marketing suggested that they should also look at their trends.
The team decided that the cost of the remote control should be between 25 and 30 Euros. They had to choose between a scroll menu, a scroll thing, a LCD screen, and a more hand-shaped remote control, with scroll, without LCD. They also had to decide whether to use regular chips or advanced chips. The cost of advanced chips would increase a lot more, so they decided to use simple chips.
The meeting started with a brief introduction of the financial situation of the University of Wales and its financial statements and annual reports of institutions. Then, Bethan Owen, the chief executive of the Welsh universities and sector bodies, gave a brief update on the financial position of the universities and their financial position. The meeting was mainly about financial reporting standards in 2015, financial reporting standard 102, so most universities had to renegotiate their covenants, but it was because the accounts were looking very different. The accounting standards brought about changes in how income was recognised and how some service concession arrangements, largely student accommodation arrangements, and pension costs were recognised in the accounts. Most of their costs were incurred on a monthly basis, staff costs in particular, but the income flows into universities were now less regular. The funding from the Student Loans Company now, for example, came in chunks. A quarter of that money came in in October, a quarter in February, and the majority of it, half of it didn't come into the university in cash until May. So, that's quite a different cash management scenario for universities to manage; it requires holding cash balances to do it. The material uncertainty largely relates to some significant cash receipts that have been subject to timing delays and the fact
There were three main causes for the financial challenges facing the universities. One was the impact of the demographic dip of 18-year-olds, which was deeper and longer in Wales than it was elsewhere in the UK. The other was a pre-existing funding gap in resource between England and Wales, and even now, that's still the case. The third was increased pension costs and, actually, increased costs generally. The fourth was the uncertainty as a result of the Augar review in England, and whether that might play into Wales. These challenges were not unique to Wales; the majority of the UK universities were actually taking out cost one way or another. They were taking out capacity; they were not cutting at fat now, they were cutting out core capacity. The Diamond money was coming in. The money had gone into the system but it hadn't gone into universities, necessarily. And against that backdrop, the introduction of the Diamond reforms was hugely important—delivery of that was going to be really important—and they were really pleased to see the Minister able to meet her commitments in respect of that.
There were also differences in the way that universities had secured funding for investing in their estates. For example, Cardiff University have had a bond rather than borrowing, which you draw down as you're spending. The costs of those borrowings have to be met on an annual basis, so that's becoming an increasing proportion of the operating cash that universities have. So, in the short term, the reserves of Cardiff will appear as though they have significant cash balances, but all of those are restricted for investment in the estate and, over the next two or three years, will be utilised for that.
Dr David Blaney said that they were not seeing a crisis, they were seeing really challenging circumstances for institutions to manage. At the moment, their sense was they were managing them, so one of the things they try to do is to make sure that, insofar as they can see it, they are making sure that the institutions are alert to the challenges they're facing, and are actually engaging those challenges properly, and they are seeing that at the moment. And that is actually paying dividends; they are strengthening their relationship with the UK machinery, which is essential if they're to understand where they're heading and what their funding bids are all about, and even to be able to influence those. But I think, as I say, we're in a managed situation, but the challenges are quite acute.
The government's policy towards the university's estates strategy was overseen by either the full governing body or relevant sub-committees in respect of every institution, so there was proper governance oversight. And in all of those instances, there was staff and student engagement as well in the strategic approach on estates. Moreover, the government was strengthening its relationship with the UK machinery, which was essential if they were to understand where they were heading and what their funding bids were all about, and even to be able to influence those.
Sian Gwenllian AM asked Bethan Owen about the financial sustainability of the higher education sector because, as we know, there's been all sorts of things going on in the press. Hefin David AM pointed out that part-time student numbers are bucking the trend in Wales, as I understand it, and there are seeing a bigger increase in Wales of part-year numbers than elsewhere in the UK. However, there are also differences in the way that universities have secured funding for investing in their estates. So, for example, Cardiff University have had had significant investment in the short balances, but they drew down as they draw down as you draw down.
The Welsh Government had established a presence in London in respect of research, and they had a colleague in HEFCW who was fractionally embedded in the United Kingdom Research and Innovation specifically to respond to Reid's recommendation. And that is actually paying dividends; they are strengthening their relationship with the UK machinery, which is essential if they were to understand where they were heading and what their funding bids were all about, and even to be able to influence those. And they have a role to play in this as well, so they have produced a toolkit that they produce for governors, which locates their university in the context of the UK, across a number of factors.
Hefin David AM asked about the direction of travel between universities with high risks and those with medium risks, and whether those that were'medium' were at any point at risk of becoming 'high' in the near future. Dr David Blaney answered that they were not going to tell us which universities were high risk, but what he was interested in was the direction in which they were.
Bethan Owen said that one aspect that they do intend to fund—and this is from Diamond, as well as Reid—is to place funding back into the system for innovation. So, Innovate UK would be the part of UKRI—and that the money would go in in order to improve universities' ability to access that funding from outside Wales. That is part of promoting the innovation, and part of the research portfolio as well.
Sian Gwenllian AM asked about the impact of this level of research funding on universities and, indeed, on the Welsh economy. Dr David Blaney answered that it was easy to see from the figures that our percentage of income that came from research was smaller than in England, so the figures show that we receive less of the money that's available, which was a factor that results from us having less QR as a percentage. The reason the sum hasn't increased is because we haven't had enough money to be able to increase it and still meet the obligations we had to other bits of the HE system.
Sian Gwenllian AM asked about the impact of underfunding research on universities and, indeed, on the Welsh economy. Bethan Owen answered that both the Diamond and Reid reviews called for QR funding to be maintained in real terms, but the allocation was exactly the same for 2019-20 as it had been for the past nine years. However, the intention was that the money would go in in order to improve universities' ability to access that funding from UKRI. So, Innovate UK would be the part of UKRI—and that they improve their ability to get funding from outside Wales.
Sian Gwenllian AM asked how the allocation for 2019-20 would contribute to educational research specifically. Dr David Blaney explained that the Welsh Government had provided funding in 2017-18 and 2018-19 to WISERD Education, which was a research collaboration between a number of the Welsh universities, specifically looking at educational issues, and they were providing additional funding to that to add value to the existing evaluation of the progress of pioneer schools in developing the three-to-15 curriculum in Wales. The Welsh Government was also planning to provide £15 million back into the system for innovation. The intention was to improve universities' ability to access that funding from UKRI. So, Innovate UK would be the part of UKRI—and that they improve their ability to get funding from outside Wales.
According to Dr David Blaney, the Welsh Government had established a presence in London in respect of research, and they had a colleague in HEFCW who was fractionally embedded in the United Kingdom Research and Innovation specifically to respond to that recommendation. And that is actually paying dividends; they are strengthening their relationship with the UK machinery, which is essential if they're to understand where they're heading and what their funding bids are all about, and even to be able to influence those. However, there was a complexity around all that, as I've indicated, which they need to do a bit of work on with the sector, with the student body as well, just to take some stock of this over the next year or so.
This was the last meeting of the detail design meeting. First, Industrial Designer presented the prototype of the remote control. Then, Marketing presented the criteria to evaluate the prototype. After that, the team evaluated the prototype according to the scale from one to seven with four in the middle.
Mark and Rama first presented the prototype of the remote control with two buttons and a jog dial for controlling the cursor on the LCD screen. Then, Industrial Designer introduced the speech recognition function and the location finder function. After that, Marketing presented the evaluation criteria of the prototype. The team decided to have a scale from one to seven with one meaning that it fulfils the criterion and seven meaning it doesn't fulfil at all. After this, they decided to give an average score to each criterion, which would give them the value of their remote control.
Mark and Rama presented the prototype of the remote control with a jog wheel for controlling the cursor on the LCD screen and a microphone for speech recognition. The prototype was made from titanium, which was the most modern material and it was practical. It was easy to use and it could be made in many colours. Also, it had a location finder and speech recognition, which could help users to find their remote control. The team agreed that it was very important to first verify if it makes sense to do it, if it fulfils what they want to do, and if they have a chance to sell it.
Industrial Designer proposed to have a scale from one to seven, which would give the value of the remote control according to the criterion. The scale would be based on the effective size and weight, effective size, real size, and real weight. Then the team would evaluate the product according to this criterion and together try to have an average, which will give them an average.
Marketing proposed to evaluate the prototype according to a scale from one to seven, with four in the middle. Then, the team would have an average, which would give them the value of their remote control.
Marketing thought usefulness was much less important than fancy. Therefore, the group decided to give two points on usefulness when doing product evaluation.
Marketing thought that the colour and shape of the model were not very clear. Project Manager thought that it was not clear what was the function of the strawberry on the top.
Marketing proposed to evaluate the prototype according to the criterion and from one to seven, the team would have an average, which would give them the value of the remote control. Then, they would evaluate each other as a team. After that, the group would have a discussion about the product quotation.
The user interface designer proposed to evaluate the prototype according to a scale from one to seven, which would give the value of the remote control according to the criterion. For example, if it fulfilled the criterion, then it was a good product. If it didn't fulfil it, it was not good enough.
This meeting was mainly about the components design of the remote control. First, Industrial Designer presented the specification properties of the different components of the of of the device. Then, User Interface gave a presentation on the conceptual design. After that, Project Manager and Industrial Designer gave presentations on the target audience product style. Finally, the group discussed the different types of remote controls they wanted to launch.
Marketing made a presentation on the target audience product style. The target audience was under forty five years old and young and dynamic people. They like traditional materials such as wood and materials with primary colours. They also like straightforward shapes and luxurious style. In addition, they like curved round shapes. The feel of the material was expected to be strong. The buttons should be positioned the same way as they are on a conventional remote. The LCD screen should be bright and colourful. The voice recognition could be implemented to keep it recognisable.
Industrial Designer first gave a presentation about the components design of the remote control. First of all, Industrial Designer put up the specification properties of the different components of the of the device. The buttons of course rubber, electrical cables, copper and copper were all pretty basic stuff. The chips made of silicon were the best way to do it. The front was made of plastic and the front could be made of titanium. Then Industrial Designer gave some more findings about the target audience product style. Under forty-five years old people like soft materials with primary colours. They also like straightforward shapes and luxurious style. And also they like curved round shapes.
User Interface's presentation mainly focused on the target audience and the design of the remote control. First of all, User Interface gave a presentation about the target age group. The target group was under forty five years old and young and dynamic people. They like soft materials with primary colours and curved round shapes. They also like straightforward shapes and luxurious style. In addition, they wanted the control to be fancy looking and good-feeling. The feel of the material was expected to be strong and the buttons should be positioned the same way as they are on a conventional remote.
Industrial Designer first gave a presentation on the target audience product style. It was generally the case that senior and wealthy people above forty five years old liked traditional materials as such as wood and materials such as that. They also like straightforward shapes and luxurious style. However, they didn't have a sports or gaming device, so they did not have to consider the characteristics of the device. Therefore, the group decided to use a more advanced chip, which was more complex and expensive. Also, the feel of the material was expected to be strong.
Industrial Designer proposed to put the logo on the back, on the titanium part, and the slogan on the front. Project Manager suggested to put it on the bottom. Marketing thought it was a nice idea to make the logo more recognisable and to keep it recognisable. User Interface thought the slogan should be on the logo. Marketing also suggested that the buttons should be positioned the same way as they are on a conventional remote control. And the feel of the material was expected to be strong.
Industrial Designer suggested that the buttons should be positioned in the same way as they are on a conventional remote control, and the case should be made of hard plastic. However, the group agreed to change that on the way. The group also agreed to put a touch pad on the remote control.
This was a kick-off meeting for the design of a new remote control for the beginning of new project. The project manager Christa Pavlov introduced the team to each other and asked them to get used to one another's names and introduce themselves. Then, the team discussed the technical aspects of the remote control. The team agreed that it should be original, trendy and user friendly. They also agreed to make a production cost of 12.5 Euros maximum, which was the aim for the price for the product. After that, they agreed to work individually and then have meeting during the whole day.
The group agreed that the remote control should be original, trendy and user friendly. They also agreed that it should be made of plastic and could be changed depending on the use or even the user. In addition, the group decided that the price should be twenty-five Euros for a remote control.
Marketing suggested that the remote control should be only a screen which would change depending on the use or even the user. Industrial Designer suggested that it should be really small and the buttons should be three buttons. Project Manager agreed. However, Marketing pointed out that there was a problem in the design of that kind of remote control because it's in fact just a full touch screen remote control.
Marketing proposed that the remote control should be original, trendy and user friendly. Industrial Designer suggested that it could be only a screen which would change depending on the use or even the user. Project Manager agreed and suggested that they could adapt only one switch. Then, the group decided that they should make two switches and if left-handed users use this switch to follow the main operations.
Marketing proposed that the remote control should be original, trendy and user friendly. Industrial Designer suggested that it should be really small and easy to hold. User Interface proposed that it could be only a screen which would change depending on the use or even the user.
The group agreed that the remote control for children should be child-proof. They also agreed that it should be made of rubber and waterproof so that it could be used in the water.
Industrial Designer thought that the remote control should be small and easy to remove the frame so that it could be easily removed. It should hold in the hand properly when people were left-handed and the previous button should be on so that the switch on and off could be on.
This was the first meeting of the design project of a new remote control for a television. Project Manager introduced the project and the overall budget for the project. Then, the team members got acquainted with each other by introducing themselves and their roles in the project, and then the team discussed some preliminary ideas about the design of the remote control. After that, Project Manager gave a brief overview of the project plan and asked the team to practice using some of the tools that they would be using during the design process and the meetings. Finally, the group discussed how they would design the product.
The group agreed that the remote control should be trendy, user-friendly and original. They also agreed that they should provide some features that were unique to this remote control. The group also agreed on the profit target of fifty million Euros, which would be achieved by selling them on the international market.
The target price, target cost and target profit of remote control were set at 25 Euros each, with a profit target of 50 million Euros. In order to reach the profit target, the company would need production costs of 12 and a half Euros so that they could reach that profit target.
Industrial Designer thought that the remote control should be trendy, user friendly and original so that it should provide some features that were quite unique to this remote control. Also, it should fit in as well with the stereotype of a cow.
The functional design of the remote control should be original, trendy, user-friendly and unique. It should be intuitive so that people are able to use this product intuitively. In addition, it should provide some features that are quite unique to this remote control. The functional design should be able to perform various functions that have to be performed by it during the functional role, what are the various components of it and how they integrate with each other.
Marketing thought that there was no need to have buttons on the remote control because the new generation phones that they had didn't actually have any buttons on them and stuff like that. Therefore, there should be one button for a menu or something, if people really need to go and do that.
The group agreed that the remote control should be trendy, user-friendly and original. They also agreed that it should provide some features that were unique to this remote control. However, the group did not agree on the battery design because they thought that it was not intuitive enough.
The team discussed the progress on the transcription of the first twenty minutes of meeting data. The team was pleased with the results so far and hoped that the team would be able to get more data and adapt the language models once they had enough meetings. The transcription was good and the team was able to learn a lot from the first meeting. They had a lot of discussion about the variety of English and so on so if you don't know what to put just leave it blank and the transcribers will figure it out for you. They also discussed whether they should use a different set of mikes and different mikes.
The microphone data is not a huge amount of data, but it should be reasonable to actually run recognition and be within the scope of the SRI front-end. The team will have more data and they can also start to maybe adapt the language models once they have enough meetings.
The team decided to get more mikes and different mikes. The team also decided to add a tuner to the receiver to make it more convenient for the team. They also decided that the microphone should be adjustable so that the boom should be towards the corner of the mouth. The microphone should also be able to be switched between wireless and wired.
The team decided to buy a crown CM three eleven AE headset for two hundred bucks apiece and a headset that has pigtail and solder it yourself for forty bucks apiece. They also decided to get a tuner for one more wireless and the wireless, which would be three hundred fifty dollars. They would also have to get tuners for the receiver and the transmitter.
The meeting was mainly about the construction of a tourist guide. The group discussed how the construction was going to be structured and how it would work in the context of the tourist domain. The construction was designed to give the speaker a cue as to which one of those that they've already got going to add structure to, and the construction that they were supposed to add was just a subset of those. The team also discussed how they could make the construction more flexible and flexible. They also talked about how they might be able to refer to the head as a formal head as opposed to the rest of the form.
The group discussed the semantic specification of the tourist domain. The professor explained that the goal of the specification was to fill out more and more of the bindings needed in order to come up with the final one. The group agreed that the focus of the construction should be the landmark of the conta, the interior of the container. The focus should be on the location of the goal. The goal was to make the construction more expressive. The team also discussed the possibility of having form-meaning pairs for a type.
The semantic specification of the tourist guide is a set of constraints that are used to specify the properties of the constructions. The goal of the specification is to fill out more and more of the bindings needed in order to come up with the final one. It is intended to be a tool kit under which constructions can be used to make a semantic specification.
Grad F explained that the mental spaces would be constructed in the context of the utterance, which would allow the speaker to specify what the space configuration is at the time of utterance. An individual sentence could mean a hundred different things depending on, quote, "what the space configurations are at that time". In other words, the semantic head would be the head of the phrase, and the entity denoted by the word "ball" would be a semantic head in some ways of this sort of larger element. In addition, the space builders that are in the sentence are going to give a cue as to which one of those that you've already got going will be added to.
The conceptualization of the mental spaces is based on Fauconnier and Turner's concept of a conceptual domain, which is a list of various slots from which the speaker can draw a picture, a bunch of frames, bi and bindings, right? The conceptual domain is the tourist domain and the entity denoted by the word "ball" is the semantic head in some ways of this sort of larger element. The other domains are cultural frames, general cultural frames and general action frames.
The meeting started with a brief introduction of the current state of the project. The team was working on a large dat database containing sentences from the French, Spanish, and Italian languages, as well as from TIMIT, SPINE, and English digits. The net performed quite well, except for the multi-English MLP, which was always one of the best. The main issues were still the language dependency and noise dependency. The noise dependency was not clear yet because all the nets were trained on the same noises and the number of frames was bad also, so the team should focus on finding some other kind of training targets.
The team discussed the results from the experiments. The results showed that the multi-English MLP performed better than the net using French, Spanish, and English only. However, the results were not clear on the noise dependency. The team was still trying to figure out how to improve results from a single model and how to combine features and net outputs together.
The professor thought that the results were good, but he wanted to know how well the model did over a range of different tests. He thought that multi-English was closer to the kind of thing that they could use since they were not gonna have matching data for the new languages and so forth.
PhD A informed the team that the results were still not clear because all the nets were trained on the same noises and the effect of training on something that was Viterbi-aligned instead of hand-labeled was not clear. The team should focus more on the targets and on the training data.
The team discussed the future directions of the project. The team was working on a large dat database containing sentences from the French, Spanish, Italian, German, and English digits, as well as the TIMIT, SPINE, and Italian digits. They were also working on the MLP as an additional path instead of an insert to the diagram. The goal was to get the VAD labels and the final features. They also wanted to focus on finding some other kind of training targets.
The professor thought that MSG was a good choice for the model. He thought that the model was very dependent on the kind of noise and noise and was dependent on how it was processed. He also thought that adding MSG would not help in that case.
The team was working on a large dat database containing sentences from the French, Spanish, Italian, and English. The team was trying to tune their system as it was now to get the best from this architecture. They were also working on the MLP as an additional path instead of an insert to the diagram. The main issues were still the language dependency and the noise dependency. They should focus on finding other kind of training targets.
This meeting was mainly about the design of the remote control. First of all, Industrial Designer gave a presentation about how remote controls work. Then, User Interface gave a brief presentation about the basic functions of remote control, and Marketing presented a questionnaire about what they like and what they don't about their general TV remote control practices. Then the group discussed the remote design. After that, Project Manager suggested that they should go for a plastic built or plastic cased remote control and try to look for some kind of high quality recycled plastic as they recommended. The group then discussed the battery life of remote controls and decided that a touch screen would be a good idea. Finally, the group decided to design a voice recognition option for the remote controls because the younger demographic was interested in voice recognition.
Marketing gave a brief presentation on how remote controls work and suggested that the team should design a simpler remote control with fewer buttons and a simple formatted display for the user to work with. User Interface suggested that they could handle the simplicity of a remote control and kind of put the more complicated things into a voice control. Industrial Designer proposed a touch screen one with several submenus for possible extra stuff that could be sold to both the younger market and the older market.
The Project Manager agreed with Marketing when discussing his personal ideas towards the design of the remote control. He thought that it was a good idea to have a touch screen for the basic functions and to get it to look nice, which were the standards of the company. However, he did not think it would help the battery life too and people would have to press a button for the remote to turn on. Besides, he didn't think it was necessary to include menu options or something to have all these complicated voice recognition, settings, things that a lot of people weren't gonna use every day.
The group discussed the functions and buttons of the remote control. They decided to put the basics on the centre and the other bits and bobs on the touch screen for the basic functions. The group also discussed whether they could put the channel and volume function on the main screen and then the other submenus for possible extra stuff. They also talked about whether they should put the on and off switch on the screen or on the face plates. Then they decided to go for a touch screen.
The Project Manager proposed to cut down the functions and buttons of the remote control to make it more user-friendly. For example, he suggested to put the on off, channels, volume, and mute buttons on the touch screen and to make the basic functions easy to get at and then the other bits and bobs would go through menu. However, he did not want to put voice recognition options on the remote because there were not many competitors out there that did that so it was not something worth thinking about.
The Project Manager suggested that the team should go for a plastic built or plastic cased remote control because it would be easy on the cost and high quality recycled plastic. However, the Industrial Designer pointed out that it could cause interference if the remote control was made of metal. The User Interface suggested that a touch screen one with several submenus could be used for possible extra stuff that one basically put the channel and the on and off switch on the touch screen and usually the way a remote control works is it sends infrared bits to another system.
The group agreed that the remote control should have the company colours included in it and it should be made of plastic as opposed to metal. The group also agreed that it should not be too complicated as it could be sold to both the younger market and the older market with the simpler design with the traditional buttons and what not.
This meeting was the seventh meeting of the Special Committee on the COVID-19 Pandemic. The meeting began with a brief introduction by the Chair, followed by a presentation of petitions by the members, and then by the Minister of Seniors, the Prime Minister, and the President of the Treasury Board. After that, the meeting moved on to ministerial announcements, including the announcement of the creation of the Canada emergency student benefit, which would provide students with the assistance they needed to make it through these uncertain financial times. The Minister of Health and Social Services gave an update on the government's commitments to adapt to the coronavirus crisis, including $500million in transfers to the provinces, with about $100million going to Quebec. The Prime Minister also promised to increase health transfers to Quebec and the provinces.
According to the Prime Minister, the priority in this situation was getting money out to the millions of Canadians who needed it as quickly as possible, but of course fraud was unacceptable. That's why the government had put safeguards in place to ensure that anyone who received that money fraudulently would have to repay it. The Prime Minister also promised to work with the provinces as they deal with challenges in their long-term care facilities.
The Minister of Seniors said that the government was taking significant action to provide Canadian seniors with greater financial security and give them the help they need during the pandemic. The government was building on past measures by introducing a one-time tax-free payment of $300 for those who receive OAS and of $200 for those receiving GIS, totalling $500 to seniors who receive both. They were also supporting community-based projects to improve the quality of life for seniors through the New Horizons for Seniors program, and investing in other charities.
According to the Prime Minister, young people need money, but they also need work experience. That's why they're setting up programs, including Canada summer jobs, but also another program with 76,000new jobs for young people in important sectors, so that young people can also get jobs. When they apply, they'll all be directed to a job bank that will make sure they know what jobs are available to get not only the money they need, but the experience they need for their future, while helping our society in this crisis.
Hon. Navdeep Bains said that 590,000 small business loans have been issued, and that's a testament to the design of the program. More than 550,000 loans have gone out to small businesses in the form of $40,000. As well, they had invested $71million to support businesses and organizations by giving them access to capital in rural communities. They would continue to bring forward the changes necessary to have more businesses
Hon. Bill Morneau said that the government was taking a position that they should support Canadians so that they would not take on the debt themselves. The government was in a fiscal position that enabled them to take on debt at this time, which they thought was appropriate to get our economy to a better position at the end of this crisis.
Hon. Navdeep Bains said that the government had demonstrated flexibility and nimbleness in the eligibility criteria by decreasing the payroll threshold for individual companies that want to apply for this loan to $20,000 versus $50,000, and the upper limit had gone to $1.5 million versus $1 million. The eligibility criteria to compare to the first two months of this year now also compare to previous year as well. The government would continue to make changes to make sure more businesses can access this program.
Hon. Navdeep Bains said that the government had invested in regional development and in small and medium-sized businesses. These investments would provide assistance for festivals, programs and other initiatives. The government would continue to work with the provincial governments to find solutions that would improve the situation for people in the tourism sector.
The meeting began with a brief introduction to the Aurora task. The team discussed the results of the training of the HTK back-end recognizer for the Italian digits. The professor informed the team that they had been able to go through from beginning to end the full HTK system for Italian data and got the same results that Stephane had. They were looking at what should be done to improve the performance of the front-end. They wanted to see if they could improve the model by adding a hidden variable to the model and see how that affects things. They also wanted to know what they could do to train the model as hard as they could.
The team discussed the importance of detecting important linguistic features. The professor thought that it was important to get a good handle on what "good features" are and how to classify them. The team also discussed how to deal with the overloading of the term "feature" in the model.
The professor thought that clustering was the best thing to do and that they were using Ericsson's approach or something and in addition to doing some noise removal thing, they were doing some continuous variables and a bunch of them.
The professor thought that it was important to train everything as hard as possible. He thought that the model should be built up along an idea of robustness from the beginning and so they should not necessarily train everything up towards the Professor A: how much better can you make it? And since they're only simple things there's nothing that you're gonna do that is going to blow up the amount of computation
PhD B wanted to do an experiment to see if improving the performance of the back-end recognizer for the Aurora task would affect things. The plan was to take the original system trained on the mel cepstral features and then optimize the b HTK system and run that again.
PhD B wanted to do an experiment to see if improving the performance of the back-end recognizer for the Aurora task would affect the results of the front-end. He had sent around a plan for an experiment where he would take the original system trained on the mel cepstral features and then optimize the b HTK system and run that again. He wanted to compare that in the well-matched case f to the unmatched case.
The professor thought that the back-end recognizer for the Aurora task was not performing as well as it could be. He thought that it was hard to train everything as hard as possible and that it would be better to build up the robustness from the beginning and train everything up towards the end.
This was the first kick-off meeting of the new remote control project. First, Project Manager introduced the team to each other. Then, Industrial Designer introduced the budget of the remote control. Next, the team discussed the functional design of the product. After that, the group talked about the colour of the buttons and the material. Finally, they decided to make a small painting on the opening of the box and to use the pen and the eraser to draw on it. The team then discussed the price of the products. The budget was twenty-five Euros and they had only twenty of twelve and a half Euros to make it.
Industrial Designer thought that remote controls were not easy to use and had a lot of buttons on it. User Interface thought that it was positive if there was a LED on the corner of the remote control to indicate that it still had batteries on it, and that if you pushed the button the LED gave a light, indicating that it's working. Marketing thought it would be nice if they had one for all. Project Manager thought it was important to have a functional design and a detailed design.
User Interface suggested that the remote control should have a light on the corner to indicate that it was working. Industrial Designer thought that it would be better if there was a big button and big buttons to make it easier to use. Project Manager agreed. Marketing thought that big buttons were better than small buttons. And Project Manager thought it was better if it had to be compatible with other things.
This was the first meeting of the team to discuss the design of the new remote control. The meeting started with a presentation by the Industrial Designer on how a basic remote control works. After that, the team discussed the technical aspects of the remote control, including the energy, the power, the sender, the LED, the chip, and the bulb. Then, the group discussed some first ideas, such as a big zapping button or something in the middle, so that users could reach it with their thumb. Finally, they agreed to use a slogan, maybe a colour, and to make the functions universal standards.
Industrial Designer first presented the functional requirements of the remote control. First of all, the user interface sends the different signals of the different buttons to the chip, and the chip sends it to the LED, which is the bulb. The chip produces Morse code to indicate that specific button that is pressed, and it uses transistors in the chip to amplify and to send that signal again to the light bulb. Secondly, the labelling of the buttons should be indestructible and the functions should be universal standards. Thirdly, the product should be recognisable at all times. Then, the group discussed the design of the front and back of the product. The front should be made of plastic with rubber and the back of it should have a slogan, maybe a colour.
Project Manager suggested that the remote control should have the most familiar buttons on the top, and the bottom side of the front has a little clip to make it easier to pick up and use. However, the user interface should be indestructible and the functions should be universal standards.
Marketing suggested that LCD screens and speech recognition should be incorporated in the remote control. The group agreed on this idea. However, the LCD screen might be too difficult to learn, so it might be smart to make a big zapping button or something in the middle, so users could reach it with their thumb. In addition, the group thought that the learning curve should be very short for the dumbest people and the functions should be universal standards.
Industrial Designer presented a schematic of how a basic remote control works. The chip produced Morse code to indicate that specific buttons were pressed, and the user interface sends the different signals of the different buttons to the chip, which sends it to the LED, which is the bulb that sends the signal to the receiver. The LED produces an infrared beam and signals the infrared beam to the sensor on the TV set. The TV set also recognises the the signal, and performs the assigned task. The material of the buttons should be hard plastic with rubber and the labelling should be indestructible. The functions should be universal standards.
User Interface thought they should use more buttons than the current one when discussing the technical function design. For example, the channel up and channel down button should be in circle, so users can reach it with their thumb. Also, the volume and zapping buttons should be far apart, so that users can't have them close together.
Marketing thought that the LCD screen on top of the remote control would be a good idea, but Industrial Designer thought that it would be hard to design a good looking remote control with an LCD screen. User Interface thought that LCD screen would be too expensive, and Project Manager thought it would make the remote too big. However, the group agreed that it was not too difficult to design an LCD on top.