The Hubble telescope was launched in 1990.  It was built in the 70s.  We have advanced a lot since then, but it's still not the most advanced telescope in the world.
Electromagnetic relays have a much lower resistance than semiconductors, so they can be used for more complex calculations than CMOS transistors. 

Electromagnetism is a fairly new field of research, but it's been around for a long time, so it's not really a new thing.

The reason for this is that it's easier to make a mechanical computer than a digital computer, and it's much cheaper to make. 


The problem is that you need a lot more energy to make an electromagnet than you do to make transistors, and you need
The Duke Brothers are trying to buy a lot of OJ at a high price.  They know that they can't sell it at a low price, so they're trying to get as much as they can for as little as possible.  

The problem is that they don't know how much they can get for OJ, and they're not sure how much OJ they can sell for.  So they decide to make a bet that if they get enough OJ for the price they want, they'll sell it for less than they think they can.  If they get too much, they
It's called "snuck through" because it's a way for a bill to be passed without having to go through the Senate and the House of Representatives. 

It's also a way to get amendments to the bill before it goes to the President's desk.
Africa has been going through a lot of changes in the last few years. 

There's a lot going on in Africa right now, but I'll try to break it down in a nutshell:

1. There's a civil war in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, which is currently being fought between the government and the rebels.  The government is trying to end the civil war, but the rebels are making it harder for them to do so.

2. In the Central African Republic (CAR), the government is fighting a war with the rebels who are trying to overthrow the government.
The money goes to the campaign.  If the candidate drops out, the money goes into the general fund, which is used to pay the salaries of the campaign staff, travel expenses, advertising, etc.

If the candidate loses, the leftover money is put into the campaign's general fund.
They are a different species and have different genes. 

Ants and wasps have a haplodiploid sex-determination system, which means that the queen is the one that decides which of her offspring will be the male and which will be a drone.  This means that they have a higher chance of reproducing if the drone is larger than the queen.

In other words, they are more likely to have larger genes.
The standard deduction is a way to make sure that you don't have to itemize your taxes. 

If you itemize, you have to pay more tax on your income than if you take the standard deduction.  If you do not itemize you will pay more in taxes.
When you dream, your brain is trying to make sense of the world around you. It's not just the physical world, it's also the mental world. When you're awake, you're trying to figure out where you are, what you're doing, how you're feeling, and what you want to do next. In your dreams, you don't have any of those things, so your brain doesn't have time to figure it out.

When you're asleep, the brain is still trying to process what's going on around you, so it's not really able to make any sense of what's
It's called tribonucleation.

Basically, when the two articulating surfaces of a synovial joint are separated from one another, the fluid in the joint is filled with carbon dioxide. When you crack your knuckles, the bubbles in the fluid expand, causing the fluid to collapse, creating a popping sound.
Aldi's cart "quarter" system is based on the fact that the price of a cart is determined by the amount of space it takes to fill it, not the number of people in the cart. 

So, if you have a cart with 12 people in it, you can fill it with 12 items, but if you want to fill the cart with 4 items, you have to pay the same amount of money for each item.

If you don't have enough space to fill up the cart, you pay the extra $1.
SoundHound and Shazam use acoustic fingerprinting. 

Basically, they use a microphone to pick up the acoustic signature of the song, which is then combined with the name of the singer and the song title.

They then use that information to generate a list of all the songs that are playing at the same time.
They don't charge their phones at home, they charge them at the UN office.
When the engines burn fuel, they burn hydrocarbons, which are water vapour. When they do this, they release a lot of water vapor, which condenses into droplets. These droplets fall down the wings of the plane and form contrails.

_URL_0_

Source: _URL_1_
It is illegal to advertise tobacco on television, but not alcohol. 

The Tobacco Control Act of 1970 was passed by the US Congress.  It prohibits all advertising and promotion of tobacco products, other than for health promotion.

Alcohol is not illegal, but it is regulated by the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau.
It doesn't. 

The reason parties are important is because they allow people to learn more about the candidates and the policies of the party.  If you don't identify with a party, it's hard for you to learn about the policies and the person of the other party.
It's not your heart that hurts, it's your brain. When you're heartbroken, your brain sends signals to your heart telling it that something is wrong. Your brain interprets these signals and interprets them as pain.
Freckles are caused by a mutation in the MC1R gene, which codes for melanin. Melanin is a pigment that protects your skin from the sun's harmful UV rays. 

People with freckles have less melanin in their skin, so they are more susceptible to the harmful effects of UV radiation.
It doesn't do anything.  You're not actually logging out of a secure website, you're just exiting out of the window you're currently in.
The difference between downloading and uploading is that the server is sending the data to the client, and the client is receiving the data from the server.
When you touch the hot and neutral wires it creates a short, but not when you plug something in.

When you plug in a device, you're touching the "hot" and "neutral" wires at the same time, and you're creating the same voltage. 

If you touch one of the hot wires and the other, it will create a short.  If you touch both, it won't.
Tequila has a bad reputation because it's cheap, cheap, and cheap to make. It's made by people who don't know how to make it, and it's made in a way that makes it easy to smuggle into the US.
I'm not sure what you're asking about, but I'll give it a shot.

The first verse is called "I'll go no more a-roving, with you fair maid"

It's the first verse of the song.  It's about a sailor who goes to bed with a maid.  The second verse is about a woman who is a prostitute, and the third verse is the second verse.  

If you're not familiar with the song, I'll try to explain it to you:

1. "I'm a sailor, and I'll go
They don't. 

It's not that they can't, it's just that they don't have the resources to do it.

There are a lot of things that go into it, but the most important one is that it has to be able to read the data off of the disc, which is stored on the hard drive.  It's not just the data on the disc that they need to read, but it's also the data that the computer needs to read off of it.  If you want to know how long it takes to read something off of a disc, you need to
Symmetry makes a face pretty, what makes a voice pretty?
It's called a squib load.

The gun is designed to fire blanks, not live ammunition.  It's not a real gun, it's just a prop.  When the gun is dropped or thrown onto the ground, the primer is stuck in the barrel, so it can't fire.
I think it has to do with the way your brain interprets time. When you watch something for the first time, your brain doesn't have time to process it, it's processing it as a stream of information. 

When you watch a second time, you're processing it in a different way.  Your brain has to process the information in a new way, so it takes a lot longer to process that new information.
I think it has to do with the fact that Native Americans tend to live in rural areas, where there is less access to alcohol. 

Also, Native Americans are more likely to grow up on reservations, which means that they are exposed to alcohol at a much younger age than other ethnicities.

As a result, they are more prone to alcoholism.
It's not harmful to waste water down the drain. 

It's harmful to the water in the drain because it contains bacteria and other microorganisms that can't be removed by conventional wastewater treatment.

If you're talking about the water you use to flush your toilet, it's not going to be harmful because it's already been treated.
The ISS is not designed to have artificial gravity. 

It's not that it doesn't matter, it's that it's not practical.  The ISS is designed to be a laboratory, not a gravity station.  If you want to use it for experiments, you need to be able to rotate it.  You can't do that with a centrifugal element.  It's not a practical thing to do.

If you were to add a false gravity element to the ISS, you'd have to build it in such a way that it wouldn't work.  There's no reason to build
We don't use mirror based camouflage because it doesn't work. 

It's not that mirrors don't work, it's just that the human eye is very good at picking up on subtle changes in light, and mirrors are very poor at detecting subtle changes.

Also, mirrors are expensive, and the military doesn't want to pay for them.
Heart failure is caused by a lack of blood flow to the heart. 

Heart failure can be caused by many things, but the most common cause is a heart attack.

A heart attack is caused when the heart muscle doesn't pump enough blood to the blood vessels in the heart, causing them to stop working properly.
I think it has to do with circadian rhythm. 

When you're young, your body's circadian rhythm is set by the sun and the moon.  When you're older, the sun is setting earlier and your body is waking up earlier.  This causes your body to release melatonin, which is the hormone that makes you sleepy.  It's also the reason why you wake up earlier in the morning.  Your body releases melatonin during the night to help you sleep.

As you get older, your circadian rhythm gets messed up, and you need more sleep.
It depends on the type of lens you're wearing. 

If you have astigmatism, which is when your eyes are too far apart to see the same thing at the same distance, you need to wear corrective lenses.  If you have farsightedness, you should wear contact lenses.
The smell of gas is due to the thiols in it. 

Thiols are a group of chemicals that are attached to a sulfurous group (R-SH).  They are the reason why you can smell them when you fart.
The US is on the left side of the map because it is the most populous country in the world.  It is also the most populated country in Europe.
It's mostly fat. 

The rest of it is protein.

Butterfat is just a byproduct of the lactose in the yoghurt.
It's not the same speed as electricity in power lines. 

If you want to know the speed of electricity in a wire, you need to know how long it takes for it to travel from one end of the wire to the other, and how long the distance between the two ends is.

In the case of the brain, it takes a very long time for the electrical current to propagate from the brain to the rest of the body.
The cloud is not the same thing as a server. 

It's not a single server, it's a cluster of servers.

A server is a collection of servers, and a cluster is a bunch of servers that are connected to each other.  Each server has its own CPU, GPU, RAM, and storage space.  The more servers there are, the faster the game will run.  This is because the server has more computing power, and the more resources it has, the better the game runs.  It's also because it has a lot more storage space, so it can store
The Western world "forgiven" Germany for WWII, but the Eastern/Asian world still hates Japan. 

It's not that they hate Japan, it's that they don't want Japan to be a part of their empire.

Germany was a great power, but Japan was a terrible power.  Germany was the most powerful country in the world, but they were also the most corrupt.  They were the most militaristic, most corrupt, and most corrupt in the history of the world.
When you hear music or sound, your brain sends a signal to your brain that says "hey, this is what you're supposed to do". Your brain interprets that signal as a memory.

When you recall a memory, you're remembering what you were doing when you heard that sound. 

It's like when you're trying to remember the first time you heard a song, but you can't remember what it was. You're remembering the sound, not the song itself.
Churches are 501(c)(3) non-profit organizations, which means that they don't have to pay taxes on their income. 

They are tax exempt from state and local taxes because they are not part of a religious organization.  They are not tax-exempt because they do not pay taxes.

The reason they are exempt from tax is because it is contrary to the separation of church and state.
Taiwan is a part of China.  It is part of the Republic of China (ROC).  The ROC is the government of Taiwan, and is considered to be the legitimate government of China by the international community.  

The ROC has its own constitution, its own government, and its own laws.  The only thing that prevents it from becoming its own country is the fact that the ROC doesn't want to give up its claim to the mainland.
I think it's because they don't want to compete with other companies. 

If you want to sell a product in a country, you need to be able to sell it in that country.  If you don't, you can't sell it there.
Composition is the act of writing music for instruments that don't play. 

For example, if you want to write a piece for a piano, you need to know how to play the notes.  If you don't know the notes, you can't write the music.

Composers write music for the instruments that do play, but not the instruments they don't.
It's called the Valsalva reflex. 

It's a reflex to expand or exercise their lungs to get a response from their caregivers.
No. 

Supercomputers can't be stopped by preventing the number of attempts done.

They can be stopped, but they can't stop all attempts.  They can stop some of them, but not all of them.
I'm not an expert, but I'll try to explain the advantages and disadvantages of royalty vs. equity.

Royalty is a way for a company to raise money.  

In the case of Shark Tank, the company is trying to raise $500,000 in venture capital.  The venture capital firm wants to buy the company for $100,000, and the company wants to get a royalty of $50,000.  This means that the venture capital company has to pay a royalty to the owner of the company, and they have to pay the royalty back to the company.
It's called [Parallax](_URL_0_) and it's caused by the fact that your eyes have different vision. 

When you look at something from two different angles, your eyes see it from different angles. If you're looking at it from the same angle, you're seeing it from a different angle, and if you're viewing it from another angle, it looks like it's coming from the opposite angle.

If you're not looking at the thing from the other angle, then it's because your eyes aren't seeing the same thing from both angles, and you're
They don't know they're going to die, but they do know they are going to be eaten by a predator. 

If you want to know if a dog is going to eat you, look at how many times it has done it in the last few years.  It's a pretty common thing for dogs to do. 


_URL_0_
Your eyes are very good at detecting changes in light intensity across the whole visual field, but your peripheral vision isn't as good. 

Your peripheral vision is more sensitive to the amount of light coming in and out of your eyes than your eyes are to the light coming out of the sun.
Graphics get better over time.

First, you have to understand that graphics are not a single thing, they are a collection of many things. 

The first thing you need to understand is that when you draw a picture, you are drawing a series of triangles. Each triangle represents an image, and each triangle represents a pixel.  So, if you have a picture of a tree, you can draw a bunch of triangles that represent the tree, and you can then draw a tree that looks like that tree.  This is called a "triangle".

Now, you need a computer that
Yes, it does impair driving ability, but it's not as bad as you might think. 

THC is the main psychoactive substance in cannabis, and it has been shown to have a negative effect on driving ability.

However, there is no reliable way to test for THC in your blood, so it's impossible to determine whether you're driving under the influence of THC.
I'm not sure, but I think it has something to do with the fact that when you go to the bathroom, your body releases a hormone called endorphins, which causes you to feel the need to urinate and defecate. When you come home, you don't have that hormone in your system, so your body doesn't have time to release it.
You can. 

Mac OS X is a proprietary operating system.  You can't run a Mac VM on a PC.

You can run a PC VM on Mac OS X.  It's just that the OS is not the same as the OS on the PC.  The OS is different from the OS that runs on the OSX machine.  If you want to run an OSX VM on the Mac, you need to make sure that the Mac OSX OS is the same.  That's why you can't do it.
When you're not wearing your glasses, your eyes are adapted for seeing in air, so they focus images on the back of your eye.

When you wear your goggles, you're using your eyes to focus on the front of your retina, which is the part of the eye that sees the light. When you're in water, the water is blocking out the light, so you can't see the light at all.
Binary numbers represent binary numbers. 

If you want to understand human language, you need to understand binary numbers, and binary numbers are not binary.

You need to know how to write binary numbers in a language that can be understood by humans.
They are mostly from Africa, mostly from the Horn of Africa and the Middle East. Most of them are from Darfur, Afghanistan, Syria, Iraq, Eritrea and other underdeveloped countries in Africa and Asia. They are trying to get to the UK to claim asylum.
We measure the amount of information stored in a cell by measuring the electrical potential of the cell. 

Imagine you have a piece of paper with a hole in it.  You can write down the number of times the hole is open.  If you write it down, you can see how many times it is open, but if you write down every time it is opened, you will get a total of 8, 12, 16, or 24 bits.

If you want to know how much information is stored in the cell, you need to count how many cells are in the hole.
It's called "region locking".

Basically, the hardware in a game console has a region code that tells it that it can only be used on certain devices in that region.

For example, if you have a Nintendo 64, it has a chip in the back of the console that says "A" for America and "B" for Japan. 

But if you want to play a game on a Wii U, you have to use the hardware from the US and Japan, but not the Japanese hardware.  This means that the game will not be able to be played on the Wii U
It's not that they don't have a thriving private health insurance industry, it's just that they're not as big as the US. 

In the US, there are a lot of private insurance companies, but not enough to cover all of the needs of the population.
I think it's because we're not used to rubbing our bellies and patting our heads at the same time. 

_URL_0_
It's not. 

Dust is formed when water evaporates from the air.  It's not a solid substance, it's a liquid.  Water evaporates when it's exposed to air, and when it evaporates, it turns into dust.  Dust is the result of water evaporating.
It's not a good idea or bad idea to buy 1 share of every single stock in the stock market. 

If you're buying a stock because you think it's going to be worth a lot of money in the future, it's a bad idea.

You're buying it because you believe that the stock is going to go up in value, and you want to own as much of it as you can.
Fabric softener works by electrostatic attraction. 

Fabric is made up of a bunch of chemical bonds that are electrically charged.  These bonds are attracted to the surface of the fabric.  When you apply liquid fabric softener, you are changing the chemical bonds in the fabric so that they are more electrically attracted to each other.  This causes the fabric to "stand up" from the surface, which makes it softer and fluffier.
Grass can be used as a grain crop, but it requires a lot more energy to grow than grain. 

Grass has a lot of energy to produce, so it needs to be fed to the animals.

Grain can be grown as a supplement to livestock feed, but that requires the animals to digest the grain and digest it.
We keep adding retail jobs despite the increase of online shopping. 

It's not that we don't have enough jobs, it's just that we're not hiring enough people to keep up with the demand.

The number of people working in retail is increasing, but the number of jobs that are being created is decreasing.
Russia has been around for a long time, and they have been able to hold onto most of it for a very long time. 

The reason they've managed to hold on to it is because they have had a lot of time to build up their military and trade infrastructure, and because they've had a long history of conquest and conquest.

In the 17th and 18th centuries, the Mongols were the dominant power in Central Asia, and the Russians were the second most powerful power in the region after the Persians. They were the most powerful empire in the world at the time, but they
Your skin is made up of two layers. The top layer is called dermis, and the bottom layer is the dermis. The dermis is the layer that contains the bacteria that cause the zits. When you squeeze everything out of a zit, your body releases a chemical called sebum, which causes the sebum to stick to your skin. The sebum is then broken down by your body's immune system, which is what causes the puss to build up.
It doesn't. 

Toilet seat covers don't really protect you from fecal matter.

They do, however, protect your butt from germs.
Because it's a measure of your ability to pay. 

Credit scores start at 0.

If you have zero credit score, you can't get a loan.  If you have a credit score of 0.5, you cannot get a mortgage.  You can get a car loan, but if you have no credit score at all, you're not eligible for that loan.
I think it has to do with the fact that when you learn a new language, your brain is still trying to learn it. 

When you first learn a language, it's hard for your brain to make sense of what you're hearing, so you have to learn how to use it in a way that makes sense to you.

For example, when you're learning a new word, you're trying to understand the meaning of the word, but you don't know how to pronounce it, so your brain has to figure out how to say it the way it's supposed to be said.
When you squint, the light from the sun hits the back of your eye and bounces off of it. This causes the light to bounce off of your retina, which is the part of your brain that controls your vision. 

When you're not squinting, you're focusing on the light coming from the front of your eyes, and the light is bouncing off of the back. This is called [chromatic aberration](_URL_0_) and it's caused by the fact that the light that hits your retina is coming from a different angle than the light bouncing off your retina.
I think it's because it's easier to see the logo on the left side of the shirt.

_URL_0_
Hair follicles are made up of proteins called keratin proteins. When you get an ingrown hair, the keratin protein is broken down and the hair is exposed to the air, which causes it to swell. The swelling causes the hair to grow longer, which is why it looks like it's 2-4 times longer.
The federal government has a lot of power over colleges and universities because they are part of the federal education system.  The federal government is responsible for ensuring that all schools have equal access to education.  This means that if a student is accused of sexual assault, they have to report it to the federal government.  They also have to make sure that the school is complying with federal regulations that require them to report the incident to the government.

It's also important to note that colleges are not the only ones that have to comply with these regulations, but they are the ones with the most power.
Rwanda is a country in the middle east of Africa. It's a country that's been ruled by Hutu/Tutsi since the 10th century. 

In the early 1900s, the Tutsi were the dominant ethnic group, and the Hutu were the ruling class.

During the colonial rule of Belgium, the Belgians decided that Tutsis were superior to Hutus, and that they should be given more land and more political power. The Belgians also decided that Hutus were better educated and better able to work in the fields, so they decided that they would
Lactic acid is a byproduct of aerobic respiration. Your body uses oxygen to produce energy. When you exercise, your muscles need oxygen to make ATP, which is an energy molecule that your cells use to make energy. 

When you're not using oxygen, your body uses lactic acid to make lactate, which your body converts into energy.

Lactate is a waste product of your body's metabolism. When your body needs oxygen, it breaks down glucose and converts it into lactate. This is what makes you feel like you're going to pass out, but you don't.
I think it's because it's more efficient. 

In a tiered income tax system, you have to pay a tax on all of your income, not just the top tax rate.  This means that if you earn a lot of money, you will pay a lot more in taxes than if you don't.

If you have a small amount of income, you'll pay a lower tax rate, but you'll also pay a higher tax rate on the rest of your money.  That's why we have a progressive tax system.  If you earn $100,000 a year, you
It used to be a lot harder to get into a university before public examinations. 

You had to take a lot of tests to be accepted.  You had to have a certain amount of time to prepare for them.  If you didn't have time to study, you had to wait until you were accepted.
It's not so much that it actually helps in a lot of cases, it's that it makes it easier for you to find the problem and fix it. 

If you're having a problem with the operating system, it can be caused by a number of things.

1. The operating system has a bunch of things going on that it can't tell you about.  
2. It's not always possible to tell what's wrong with your computer, and it's not easy to tell if it's a hardware problem or a software problem.
3. It can be hard to tell
IP addresses are assigned by the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA) and the regional Internet Registries (RIRs). 

IP addresses can be assigned by DHCP (Dynamic Hosting Protocol) or CIDR (Compartmentalized Domain Name System).

CIDR is a way of assigning an IP address to a network interface.

When you get a DHCP IP address, it's usually assigned by a DHCP server, which is a computer that's connected to the internet. 
The IP address is assigned to the network interface by the RIR, which then sends it to
Your eyes are made up of two parts: the pupil and the refractive index. The pupil is the part of your eye that sees the light, and the index is the one that reflects it back to your brain. 

When you wear glasses, you're using the lens to see the light coming in and out of your eyes, not the other way around. If you don't have glasses, the light is bouncing off of the lens and bouncing off the back of your brain, and your brain interprets that bouncing as light.

If you do not have glasses and you're not wearing glasses,
It is possible, but it is not easy. 

There is no single way to achieve world peace.  There are many different ways, but the most common way is through non-violent conflict resolution.  It is possible for a country to declare war on another country, but that is not the only way.

It is also possible for countries to come to an agreement on how to resolve their conflicts.  For example, in the case of the Middle East, there is a lot of talk about how to end the civil war in the region, but there is no one single way.  The
The amount of water in your toilet tank depends on a lot of things. 

1. The amount of pressure in the tank.

2. How much water you pee into the toilet.


3. How fast the water is going down the drain

4. How long it takes for the water to reach the bottom of the tank

5. How many gallons of water are in the toilet tank.
When you're underwater, your heart rate slows down, and your blood vessels constrict, which makes it harder to hold your breath underwater. 

When you are above water, the pressure of the water causes your heart to pump more blood to your lungs, which causes your lungs to constrict.
The black cables on the highway are called "black cables". They are used to keep the highway clear of potholes. 

_URL_0_
The Novikov self-consistency principle is a theorem of general relativity. It states that if an event exists that would cause a paradox or any "change" to the past whatsoever, then the probability of that event being true is zero.

General relativity is a theory of spacetime that says that if you travel through spacetime, you will not be able to travel back in time. 

If you travel back to the beginning of the universe, you can't travel back any further than a certain point in time, but if you go further than that point, you cannot travel back at all
Evolution is a very complicated topic.  

The basic idea is that evolution is based on the principle of natural selection.  This means that the more traits you have, the more likely you are to be able to reproduce.  For example, if you have a sloth-legged sloth, you are more likely to have offspring that have sloth limbs.  If you have two sloths with sloth legs, they are less likely to reproduce, so they will have less offspring. 



If you have one sloth leg, you will have more offspring, so you will be
I think it has to do with the fact that math is a very hard subject to learn. It's not that kids hate math, it's that they don't know how to do it.
Your urine is made up of a bunch of chemicals called uric acid. 

When you urinate, your kidneys break down the water in your urine into different chemicals.  These chemicals are called urea.  The urea is the stuff that your body uses to clean your urethra.  When you drink a glass of water, the urea gets mixed with the water, and it turns into urea, which is the color of your urine.
Cheeto cheese is made from whey, which is milk that has been strained and mixed with salt and spices. 

The salt is added to the whey and the spices are added to make it taste sweet.

Once the cheese has been mixed, it is put in a mold and left to dry for a few months. It is then pressed and ripened for not less than 2 months.
If Apple, Amazon, or Google go belly up, all digital content you've purchased from them would be gone. 

If they go under, they will not be able to sell it to anyone else, so it will be lost.
There were spiders during the dawn of the dinosaurs, but they were not as big as we think they are today. They were probably ground-dwelling predators, living in the giant clubmoss and fern forests of the mid-late Palaeozoic, where they were presumably predators of other primitive arthropods. 

The spiders that we know of today are from the Carboniferous period, which is about 300 million years ago.  They are not as large as the spiders we know today.  The spiders we see today are mostly from the Permian and Triassic periods, which
Visual Thinkers tend to think in pictures. Verbal thinkers tend to speak in words.
It's not that you can't hear it, it's that you're not hearing it in the same way as if you were listening to it in a quiet room. 

Your brain has a different way of processing sound.  Your brain has two ears, one for hearing and one for perceiving.  When you're listening to music, you're hearing the music, but your brain is also hearing the sounds of the room around you.  If you're in a very quiet room, your brain can't process the sounds around you as well as if it were in a loud room.

If
If we removed 1/4 of the sun, it would be a white dwarf, which is about the size of the Earth. It would be much hotter than it is now, but it would also be much less dense, so it wouldn't be as hot as it is right now.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it has to do with the fact that they are trying to unionize. 

The U is a private university, so they don't have to pay union dues, but they do have to have a contract with the company they work for.  The company wants to raise their wages, but the U wants to keep the wages the same as they are now.

So the U is trying to get the workers to join the union so they can get the same benefits as they do now.  But the company doesn't want to give them
NATO didn't disband until after the fall of the Soviet Union. 

There was a lot of tension between the US and the USSR during the Cold War.  The US was worried that the USSR would invade Germany, and the Soviets were worried that Germany would invade them.

The US was also worried that Russia would invade the Baltic states, which were part of the Eastern Bloc.  They were concerned that the Soviets would invade Poland, which was a NATO member, and then invade the Czechoslovakia, which is a member of NATO.
A sautee pan is a pan designed for sautéing.  It has a wide flat base and low sides, to maximize the surface area available for heating.  The low sides allow quick evaporation and escape of steam.

A frying pan is designed for frying, which means that it needs to be large enough to hold all of the food in one layer, so steam can escape, so it can be seared.
I think it has to do with the way the nerves in your brain communicate with each other. 

When you get a sharp pain, your brain sends a signal to your spinal cord that says "hey, I'm hurt, I need to go to the ER, I think this is a nerve problem". Your brain interprets this as a dull ache, and interprets it as a sharp ache.

If you get an ache in your back, your body sends a different signal to the brain that says, "Hey, you're hurt, go to a doctor, we're going to
I don't know if this is true, but I think it's because they don't want you to have to enter a PIN every time you use a debit card at an ATM. 

If you have a credit card and you use it at a store that doesn't have a chip and PIN, then you can't use your debit card to pay for goods and services.

The reason for this is because it's a security measure.  If you use your credit card at the store, and the store doesn't know your PIN, they won't be able to charge you for the transaction.
Allergies are caused by the fact that your body's immune system doesn't know what it's allergic to. 

Allergy is caused by a chemical called histamine, which is released by your immune system.  It's released in your body because your body is trying to fight off an invading foreign substance.

Your immune system has a few different types of histamine receptors.  One of them is called FcRI.  This is the one that causes you to get hay fever.  The other is called anaphylaxis, which causes your body to stop producing histamine.
There are fighter boats, but they are not as fast as fighter jets.

They are much slower than fighter jets, and they are much more expensive to maintain and maintain.
Snapchat is worth a lot of money because they have a huge user base. 

Tinder, on the other hand, has a much smaller user base than Snapchat.

Snapchat has been around for a long time, and has a huge following.  They have a large number of users, and a large amount of advertising revenue.
It's called vasocongestion, and it's caused by the erectile tissue in the clitoris. When you're aroused, the blood vessels in your penis get constricted, which causes blood to flow out of your penis and into your sinuses.
They don't. 

It's not an advantage for species to have retained this ability while evolving, it's an evolutionary disadvantage.

They're not able to reproduce asexually, they're not capable of clonally reproducing, and they don't have the energy to do so.
The sun is out and there's no clouds, so it's still cold.

The reason it's so hot in winter is because the sun is higher up in the sky than in summer. The higher the sun, the more energy it takes to heat up the air, so when it's cloudy, the air reflects more of the sun's energy back down into space.
It depends on a lot of things. 

1. Your vocal chords.  Your vocal cords are the ones that make up your voice.  If you are naturally good at singing, you have a natural ability to sing.

2. Your voice is shaped by the way your vocal chords vibrate.  The way your voice vibrates depends on how much air is in your lungs.  When you sing, you are using your vocal cords to vibrate the air inside your lungs, which is what makes your voice sound like it does.  This is called the "larynx" or "
The northern point on earth is not the exact northern pointing spot in relation to the universe. It is the point where the sun is at the equator. 

There is a point in the middle of the universe called the [Circumpolar Pole](_URL_0_) which is the center of the Milky Way galaxy.

It is also the point at which the sun and the moon are at the same distance from each other.
Because we are so close to our sun, we have an ozone layer in the upper atmosphere, and we have a lot of water on our surface. 

If another planet had a similar atmosphere, it would have to have enough oxygen in it for life to survive.
Sonar testing is not harmful to the deep-sea wildlife, but it does damage to their hearing.

Sound travels through water at a much lower frequency than it does at the surface, so it can't travel as far as it does on the surface. 

Sonar can also cause bubbles to form in the water, which can make it harder for the animals to hear.
Pasadena was founded in the late 1800s as a resort town for wealthy miners. 

It was located on the banks of the Arroyo Seco, which is a tributary of the San Gabriel River, and was a major shipping point for the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway, which led to the development of railroads in the area.

In the early 1900s, the railroads built a line between Los Angeles and San Marino, which was then the largest city in the state.  The railroads were able to transport goods and people from all over the
Reddit's apparent stance that all GMO food is just fine is based on a misunderstanding of the scientific consensus that GMOs are bad for us.

The scientific consensus is that GMOs have been proven to be harmful to humans, but there is still a lot of debate about the long-term health effects of GMOs.
The birthday paradox is the result of the fact that there are only 366 possible birthdays in a given year. 

Imagine you have a class of 30 people, and you want to know which one of them has the same birthday as everyone else in the class.  You ask them all to give you their birthdays, and then you compare them to everyone else's birthdays to see if they have the same one.

If you look at the list of people in the room, you'll see that there is only one pair of people with the same birthdays.  This means that the chance that
The pupil is made up of two groups of smooth muscles, the iris and the dilator pupillae. When the irises contract, they constrict, and when they relax, they expand.

When the pupils expand, they dilate.
It depends on the type of muscle memory you're talking about. 

If you are talking about learning to ride a bike, it's because you're using muscles that have been used for a long time, and you're not really learning how to use them anymore.

When you first learn to ride, your brain is still trying to make sense of what you're doing, so it's hard for your brain to process the information that's been stored in your brain for so long that it doesn't make sense anymore. This is why it's so much easier to learn to drive a car than to learn
We don't find intelligence incredibly and overpoweringly attractive. 

We find intelligence attractive because it is a sign of intelligence.  It's a sign that we are smart.  If you're smart, you're more likely to be able to do things that other people can't do.  You're also likely to have a higher IQ than other people, which makes you more attractive.

If you're not smart, then you're less attractive.
I think it has to do with the fact that "peoples" and "people" are nouns that are used to refer to a group of people. 

"Peoples" is a noun that is used to describe a large number of people, not just one person. "People" is the plural form of "people".

In English, we use the nouns "people", "people," and "pope" as nouns.

We also use "people, people, people" as a noun to describe groups of people that are larger than one person, and "pe
A mod is a small piece of code that is written into the game's code. 

For example, if you want to make a mod for Skyrim, you need to write a small bit of code into Skyrim's source code.

This code is called a mod, and it's written in a language called "JavaScript".

JavaScript is a programming language that allows you to modify the code in the game.  For example, you can modify the way the game renders textures, and you can change the way it renders sound.  You can also modify the sound of the game, and
Paper towels are made up of a thin layer of gesso, which is a polymer that absorbs water. 

When you rub a wet spot on the paper towel, it absorbs the water and makes it easier for the water to evaporate off.
Horses have long, strong legs because they are designed to run over hard ground. They have long hooves, which help them keep their balance and keep them from falling over. They also have strong hooves that help them stay on the ground.
The Bill of Rights is not explicit about this. 

The 8th amendment protects the right to not be deprived of life, liberty, property, and due process of law.
Fiber is a very expensive thing to build. 

Google Fiber is being built on a submarine cable, which means it has to be laid over a very long distance.  This means that they have to lay the fiber in very deep trenches, which is very expensive.

Also, Google Fiber is in the middle of a massive expansion of their Fiber network, so they have a lot of work to do before they can start rolling it out.
We didn't know what we were creating at the time we started making cheese. We didn't even know how to make it, we just knew that it needed to be fermented.
Torrents work like this:

A torrent is a bunch of pieces of data that are sent to each other.

The first piece is called a seed. It's just a list of all the torrents that have been seeded by the tracker. 

When a torrent is seeded, the tracker sends it to all the peers in the swarm, and asks them to connect to the tracker so they can download the torrent. 


Torrents are distributed through the DHT network, which is a network of computers that are connected to the internet.  The tracker knows where the torrent is, and
A block and tackle pulley is a set of pulleys that are attached to the end of a rope. 

A block is a piece of rope that is attached to a block, and a tackle is the part of the rope that's attached to that block.

The block is made up of two pieces of rope, and the tackle is made out of rope.
The Pythogeran theorem is a theorem that states that if you have a set of integers, and you count them all, then you can say that the set A has the same cardinality as A.

This is true in Peano arithmetic, but it is not true in other languages. 

Let's say we have a sequence G(m) of ordinal numbers which is strictly decreasing and terminates. If we count all the numbers in that sequence, then we can say G(g) = 1, and we can also say that G(k) = 0, and G(
Because it's not cost effective to lay fiber optic cable in remote areas. 

Fiber optic cable is cheaper than copper cable, but it's also more expensive to install and maintain.
At absolute zero, all matter has no energy. 

Think of it like this:

Imagine you have a piece of paper, and you want to write down how much energy it has.  You write down the number of electrons in the paper.  If you write it down, you can see that it has zero energy.

Now, let's say that you write down that number.  Now, you write out how many electrons you have, and how much of that energy you have left over.  This is called "enthalpy".

If you write that number down,
The extra point rule change is the result of a rule change that was made by the NFL's competition committee. 

The previous rule was that the extra point was worth 15 yards if the team scored a touchdown, but if they scored a field goal, they had to kick it from the 25-yard line.

In the NFL, the goalposts are on the 15 and 25 yard lines, so if the offense scores a touchdown and the defense doesn't stop them, they get to keep the ball and kick it to the 25 yard line, and if the defense stops the offense, they have to kick
ELI5 is for ELI5 questions. 

AskScience is for questions about science.
I think it has to do with the fact that when you're a baby, you don't have a taste for sour and bitter foods. 

When you start eating solid foods, you're exposed to a lot of different tastes and textures.  You're also exposed to lots of different textures, textures, and tastes, so you're more likely to be able to distinguish between them.
Breathing is the act of expanding and contracting your lungs. 

When you take a breath, your diaphragm pushes air out of your lungs through a series of tubes that lead from your nose to your alveoli.  When you exhale, the air is pushed back into your lungs by the muscles in your chest.

Your body uses these tubes to expand and contract your lungs, which is why you can't breathe through your mouth.
Facial recognition software is not immune to bots. 

It is immune to human error.

A CAPTCHA is a test that requires you to type distorted letters, numbers or symbols that appear in an image undecipherable by a computer.  It is administered by a human, so it is not susceptible to bot attacks.
It would appear as a dark spot or invisible to us. 

Our eyes are sensitive to wavelengths of light between 380-750 nanometers, which we perceive as the colors of the spectrum: red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, and violet.
No. 

If you were in a coma for a long time, your body would stop producing enough energy to keep you alive, and you would die.
Obamacare has been getting a lot of hate in the US because it is a huge tax cut for the rich.  It is also a huge increase in the number of people who will be able to get health insurance.  

The problem is that this is not the case in the UK.  In the UK, the NHS is run by the NHS, which is a private company, not the government.  The government doesn't want to pay for it, so the government has to subsidize it.  This means that the government will have to pay a lot more money to the private companies.
It depends on the country. 

In the case of the US, the US Customs and Border Protection (CBP) determines the value of the goods and determines how much it will cost to import them.  The US will charge a duty on the goods, and the other country will charge the US a tax on the same amount of goods.  This is called the "tariff" or "import duty".
It's because the word for "mother" has an'm' sound in almost every language, including languages with different roots (Latin based, Sanskrit based, and Korean for example)?
I think it's a cultural thing.

In the US, servers are expected to give 10% of the total bill to the customer.  If the bill is higher than that, the server is expected to take a portion of it as a tip.  It's a way to make sure the server gets paid for the work they do.
There is no such thing as a MAXIMUM TEMPERATURE in the universe. 

The universe is expanding at a constant rate.  It is expanding faster than the speed of light.  This is due to the expansion of space.  If you look at the universe, you can see that it is expanding, but it is not expanding at the same rate as the rate of light, so the universe is not going to reach a maximum temperature.

If you want to know if there is such a thing as an absolute temperature, you need to look at how much energy it takes to heat
It's a great movie.  It's not just about the plot, it's about the characters, the setting, the world, and the people in it.

Tarantino wrote the screenplay, directed the movie, and starred in it, and directed the actors.  He also wrote the music, and he directed the music video for it.  The music video was a huge success, and it's a big part of why Pulp Fiction is so universally praised.
It's not a big deal, it's just that 1 degree is a difference in temperature. 

If you live in the tropics, you're in the middle of the world.  The tropics are the warmest part of the earth.  There are a lot of places in the world where it's colder than it is in the coldest part.  So 1 degree of temperature difference is not that big of a deal.

But if you live on the other side of the equator, it is.  You're in a place where the air is colder than the air above you
I think it's because when you look at a word, your brain sends a signal to your brain that says "hey, this is a word" and your brain interprets it as "I know this word". 

Your brain then interprets that signal as "this is a sentence, I know it's a word".
Sloths are nocturnal, meaning they spend most of their time in trees.  They don't need to eat much to survive.  Their fur is made of green algae, which helps them blend in with the surrounding foliage.  

They also have very long fur, which makes them difficult to spot from a distance.
I think it's because it's not worth it. 

If you want to expand borders, you have to build up your military, which is expensive and takes a lot of time and money.

You also have to pay for it.
It's because film has a higher resolution than video. 

When you watch a movie, you're seeing the film as a single image.  You're not seeing it as a series of images.  The film is a single picture, and the video is a collection of individual images.

In order to make a film image look good, you need to take a picture of the film and convert it to a video file.  This is done by using a special technique called "lossy compression".  Lossy compression is when you compress the film image into a format that can be played back.
Humans are born with pride in our own achievements. 

Humans have a natural instinct to take credit for their own achievements and take responsibility for others' failures.

When someone is arrogant, it's because they think they are better than everyone else, and that they deserve to be taken advantage of.  This is why people get angry at someone being arrogant.  They feel like they are being treated unfairly, and they want to prove that they are superior.
PGP fingerprint is a way for people to exchange public key information over the internet.

It is used to authenticate that you are the person you say you are, and it can be used to verify that you have the right key. 

You can get one from the [PGP website](_URL_0_).
Fire extinguishers are made of glass.  They are designed to break glass to allow water to flow out of them.  If you break the glass, you can't get the water out of the extinguisher.
Sunburn is caused by the sun hitting your skin. 

Your skin is made up of a bunch of cells called keratinocytes.  When you get sunburn, these cells are exposed to ultraviolet radiation, which causes them to die.

When the skin is exposed to UV radiation, the cells in your skin die, and your body's immune system reacts by attacking the cells and causing them to kill themselves.  This is called apoptosis.  The cells that are killed are the ones that are responsible for protecting your skin from UV radiation.  So, when you get a burn, your body
The advantages of the gold standard are that it ties the world price level to the world supply of gold, thus preventing inflation unless there is a gold rush (a gold rush, for example). 

The disadvantages are that gold is a store of value, which means that if you want to buy something, you need to have enough gold to buy it.

Also, gold is very hard to store, so if you don't have enough, you can't sell it.
I'm not sure what you mean by "major" and "minor", but I'll try to explain.

In classical music, the major and minor keys are used to represent the major scale and the minor scale. The major scale is the scale that is used for all major instruments, and the lower scale is for all minor instruments. 

For example, if you want to write a piece in C major, you can write it in C minor, but you can't write it as a C major piece, because it's not a major scale, it's a C minor piece. So you
Dogs have different temperaments and intelligence levels, just like humans do. 

Dogs are not the same as humans, they are different breeds of dogs, they have different temperament and intelligence.

It is wrong to assume the same for dogs, it is wrong for humans.
Your ears are sensitive to noise.  When you're asleep, your brain has less time to process it, so it's less sensitive to it.  

When you're awake, your ears are more sensitive, so they're more sensitive to loud noises.
Genetically modified organisms are organisms that have been genetically modified to be able to do certain things. 

For example:

1. They can be used to grow crops that are resistant to herbicides.  This means that they don't need to be sprayed with herbicides to grow.

2. They are used to increase the nutritional value of a crop.  For example, if you grow corn, it will have a higher nutritional value than corn that doesn't have herbicide resistance, which means that it will be less expensive to grow, and therefore will be more profitable for the farmers.
Some languages compile to easy-to-use.exe files because they are designed to be easy to use. 

For example, C++ and C# can be compiled to a.exe file, but C# doesn't compile to.exe.

The reason for this is that C++ is designed to compile to an executable file, while C# is written to be compiled into a.dll file.
Time travel is possible. 

The problem is that the laws of physics resist possible alterations to the past by preventing time-travel to certain places or times.  If you go back in time and kill your own grandfather, you are actually killing a parallel universe version of your grandfather, and the time traveller's original universe is unaltered; it has been argued that since the traveler arrives in a different universe's history and not their own history, this is not "genuine" time travel.
Your ears are sensitive to frequencies between 1,000 and 6,000 hertz. 

If you have a ringing in your ears, it's because your ear is sensitive to a certain frequency of sound.  If you're not sensitive to that frequency, you can't hear it.
EQ stands for Equalized Quality. 

EQ is a measure of the quality of an audio signal.  It's basically a way to measure the difference in quality between two different sources of sound.

For example, if you're listening to music on your phone, your phone has a microphone and a speaker.  If you're hearing a song on the radio, you can tell if it's being played at a higher quality than if you are hearing it at a lower quality.  You can also tell if the audio is being played in stereo or mono, or if it is playing in stereo
I'm not an expert in Chinese math, but I can give you an idea of how it works.

Let's say you want to know how to divide by 10. 

First, you need to figure out how to multiply 10 by 10, and then you have to find a way to divide it into 10 parts. 


You can do this by multiplying 10 times 10, then multiplying 10 by 20, then 10 times 20, and so on.  You can also do this if you divide 10 by 15, then multiply 15 by 20.  If you do this, you get 10
HDDs are hard drives, SSDs are solid state drives. 

SSDs are a type of hard drive.  They have a lot of storage space, but they are not as fast as a HDD.

HDDs can store more data than SSDs, but are slower.  SSDs can store a lot more data, but not as much as HDD's.  HDD's are faster because they have more space to store data, and because they don't need to be connected to the computer.  The difference between SSDs and HHDs is that SSDs store data in NAND
Killer whales don't hunt humans because they don't have any reason to.

They are social animals.  They don't need to hunt humans to survive.  If they did, they would be hunted to the point of extinction.
It's not going to be beneficiated the average user of Google Chrome with the upcoming switch to HTML5. 

Chrome will still be a web browser.  It's just that it will be written in a different language.  HTML5 is a new language, and it's going to require a lot more code to make it work.
It's not that they don't want you to order earlier, it's that they want to get you in the door faster. 

If you're in a hurry, you can wait in line for an hour or two before you get your food.
Fiscal conservatism and social liberalism are two very different things.  

Fiscal conservatives tend to believe that the government should spend more money on things like education, health care, infrastructure, and infrastructure than it should spend on things such as social issues.  They believe that government spending should be limited to things like military spending and infrastructure.  Liberals believe that it should be allowed to be free market, and that government should not be able to spend more than it takes in.

Social liberalism is a bit different.  It believes that government needs to spend less money on social issues than it does on things
It was not a single person.  It was a conspiracy.  There was a lot of speculation about who was behind it, but no one has been able to come up with a solid theory.  

It's been 50 years since the assassination, and it's still not solved.
Stem cells can be used to cure all sorts of diseases. 

The problem is that stem cells come from the umbilical cord of the fetus, which is not the same thing as adult stem cells.

It is possible to collect amniotic stem cells for autologous use, but it involves the destruction of a human embryo.  This is not ethically permissible.
Tightropes are made out of rope. 

They are made of a material that is strong enough to support the weight of the tightropes, but not so strong that they can't be pulled over the edge of the gap.

The rope is made of two strands of rope that are tied together in such a way that the tension of the rope is equal to the weight difference between the two ends.  This means that if the tension between the ends of the two strands is equal, they can be pulled across the gap with the same amount of tension as the other end.
Cable companies are not monopolies, they are competitors. 

If they were, they would be subject to antitrust laws.

But they are not.
The difference between Angels, VCs, Private Equity, and Debt lenders is that they invest in start-ups.  

An angel is a person who wants to invest in a start-up.  They invest in it because they believe that it will be a success, and they want to make a return on their investment.

A private equity company is a company that is owned by a group of people who want to invest money in it.  The idea is that the money will be used to grow the company, and if the company does well, they will be able to buy more shares of
I think it's because the defrost option is set to "defrost the windshield and blow on feet."
The car has a transponder in the ignition key. When the key is turned, it sends a radio signal to the car's computer, which in turn transmits a code to the computer which is read by the computer. The computer interprets the code and sends it to the sensors in the car, which then sends it back to the sensor in the radio.

When the car is running, the sensors detect that the key has been turned, and the computer sends the code to a computer which interprets it as a signal that the car has been started.
The Tor Project is a group of computer scientists working together to build a network of computers that allows you to surf the internet without anyone knowing where you are. 

The network is called the "The Onion Router" and it is a free, open-source software that provides anonymity for web surfing and communication on the internet.

There are a lot of people working on it, but I'll try to give you a brief overview of the basics of it:

_URL_0_
We don't have enough intestines to transplant. 

It's not that we can't transplant intestines, it's that we don't know enough about them to be able to do it safely.
Rational Choice Theory is a theory that says that when you make a decision, you should weigh the costs and benefits of doing something. 

For example, let's say you want to buy a house.  If you have a house, you have to decide whether or not to buy it.

If you have two houses, you can choose to buy one or the other.  But if you have three houses, and one of them is the one you want, then you should choose the one with the best value.  This is called "rational choice".

Rational choice theory says that
Emergency room admission prioritization is based on the availability of services in the area and by the relative need of the person needing treatment. 

For example, if you have a car accident and you need to be admitted to the hospital, the ER is going to have to take care of you first.

If you have an infection, they are going to take you to the ER first, and if you are not in need of treatment, they will wait until you are.
Microwaves are electromagnetic waves.  They travel at the speed of light.  If you put food in a microwave for 30 seconds, it will cook the fastest at the antinodes (the points at which the wave amplitude is the greatest), where it will begin to melt.
Hats and suits have been around for a long time, but it's only recently that they've become fashionable again. 

In the early 1900s, men wore hats because they were required by law to wear them during World War I.

During World War II, men were required to wear military uniforms, which meant that they had to wear hats. This meant that hats became a fashion statement, and because of this, they became very popular during the war.
I think it has to do with the fact that genitalia are seen as a symbol of sexuality. 

When you see a penis, you see it as a penis.  When you see the vagina, it is a vagina.  You see the clitoris, and you see that it is also a vagina, but you don't see the penis.
When you see someone else's wounds or injuries, your brain sends a signal to your brain that they are in pain, which causes you to feel disgusted/uncomfortable.
Let's say you want to send a text message to Bob.

Say you have a set of letters A, B, C, D, and E. 

Let's assume that Bob has a public key (e,N) and a private key (d,E).

Now let's say that Bob encrypts the message with the public key.  The public key is the same as the private key, but it's different.  If Bob wants to decrypt the message, he needs to find a way to divide the message into two parts.  He can do this by multiplying the
No. 

We don't know for sure, but we do know that it can cause cancer in humans.

There have been a few cases of thyroid cancer in people who were exposed to radioactive fallout from the Nevada Test Site, but those cases were very small. 


_URL_0_

The problem is that we don't really know enough about the effects of radiation on humans to be able to say with 100% certainty that it has had any effect on humans.
Your thermostat has a "real" temperature, which is the actual temperature of the air in your room.  Outside, the air is constantly changing temperature, so the temperature difference between your room and the air outside is very small.

When you turn the temperature up to 70°, you are changing the air pressure in your house, which causes the temperature to change.  This causes your room to feel warmer than it actually is.  If you turn it down to 60°, your room will feel colder than it really is.
Your eyes have two types of photoreceptors, rods and cones. Cones are more sensitive to bright light, while rods are better at detecting dark light. 

When you first enter the dark, the rods are less sensitive to light, so it takes longer for them to get used to the dark.
It depends on the drug. 

Sodium pentobarbital is a barbiturate.  It causes paralysis of the diaphragm, which causes the heart to stop working.

Ketamine is a sedative, which stops the heart from beating, and potassium chloride is a paralytic, which paralyzes the heart and stops it from pumping blood to the brain.
The first comment is the most likely to make it to the top of the page. 

If you read the first comment, you'll see that it's the top post of the day, so it's on the front page.
Because they're not designed to be plugged in. 

They're designed to use SATA (or Parallel ATA) interfaces, which are designed to work with USB.  They don't need a power plug because they can't be used internally in a laptop or desktop computer.

The reason we still have external hard drives is because they're so small and cheap.  If you take them out of their enclosures and plug them into your computer, they'll be fine.  But if you plug them in to your computer and then plug them back in, they won't work.
Alcohol is a depressant, which in low doses causes euphoria and euphoric feelings.

When you drink too much alcohol, your body starts producing ethanol, which is a type of alcohol produced by fermentation of grains, fruits, or other sources of sugar. 

Ethanol is bad for your body because it slows down your body's ability to process sugar and glucose, which makes you feel tired, irritable, and irritable.
The sound that you hear is the sound of the fire. 

The sound of fire is caused by the combustion of the fuel.

When the fuel is hot enough to burn, it releases a lot of heat, which causes the air around it to expand and contract.  This expands and contracts, which creates a sound wave.  When the air is cold enough to expand, it contracts and contracts again, creating a new sound wave, which is what you hear.
I think it has to do with the way the brain works. 

Anger is caused by the amygdala, which is the part of the brain that controls emotions.

Sadness, on the other hand, is triggered by the hypothalamus, which controls the heart rate, blood pressure, and other bodily responses. 


When you are sad, your heart rate increases, your blood pressure rises, your pupils dilate, palms sweat, muscles contract in certain ways (evolutionary, innate defense mechanisms).

The hypothalamus is responsible for maintaining the body's internal milieu at its ideal state
They don't. 

Mold and other contaminants grow in the pipes because the water is constantly being filtered out of them.  The pipes are designed to filter out bacteria and other microorganisms.  When the water comes out of the pipes, it is filtered out by a filter.  This filter is called a dripstone filter.
Randomness is the lack of pattern or predictability in events. 

Imagine you are playing a game of dice.  If you throw two dice, the outcome of any particular roll is unpredictable, but if you throw one, the result will be the same.  This is called "true randomness".

If you throw a coin, and the result is the same, then the outcome is "predictable".  But if you toss a ball, and it lands on the other side of the table, then it will be "random".  That's called "Pseudorandomness".  It's a measure of the uncertainty of an outcome, rather than haphazardness, and applies to
Alcohol is a byproduct of fermentation.

When you drink alcohol, it breaks down the sugars in your mouth into alcohol and water. The water evaporates, and the alcohol evaporates into the air, which is what makes your breath smell like alcohol. 

Coke, on the other hand, is made up of sugar and water, which evaporates in the air as well.
I think it has to do with the fact that the US is the only country in the world that has a large percentage of the world's population of people who are of European descent.

In other countries, there are a lot of people of African descent, but they are not as well represented in the population as the US.
When you open the fridge door, the air inside is pushed out of the way by the air in front of it. 

When you close the door, it pushes the air back in, which causes the air to expand, which makes the door pop.
When you flush a toilet, the cold water comes from the main water supply line, and flows into the hot water line.  When you turn on the shower faucet, the water pressure in the cold line drops, which causes the temperature of the water to drop.
Corn poop contains cornstarch, which is a starch that is used as a thickener to make milk easier to drink. 

Cornstarch is used to make the milk more viscous, which makes it easier to swallow.

It's also used as an irritant, so it can irritate your skin.
I think it has to do with the fact that the brain is still developing. 

When you're a baby, your brain is not fully developed.  It's still developing, but it's not fully formed yet.  When you're older, it's fully developed, but your brain isn't fully developed yet.
I'm not a scientist, but I'm a meteorologist. 

The consensus is that CO2 is the primary cause of global warming, and that humans are causing it.

However, there are a lot of people who disagree with this consensus, and there are some people who don't believe it is caused by humans, and some who think it's a hoax. 


There's also the issue of how much CO2 we're actually putting into the atmosphere, and how much we're causing it, and what the consequences will be.
Brushing too hard is damaging to enamel. 

The tools the dentists use are meant to clean the enamel, not to remove it.
E-cigarettes contain a lot of chemicals in them. 

Some of them are harmless, some are toxic, and some are not.

Nicotine is a very toxic substance, and it's not safe to smoke e-cigarettes. The amount of nicotine in an e-cigarette is much less than in a traditional cigarette, but it's still enough to make you sick.
It depends on how much money they want to make. 

Scorpion King 4 was made with a budget of $100 million.  It was filmed in 3 months.

The first two movies were made with $50 million, and the third movie was made for $60 million.
I think it's because he's afraid of other dogs behind fences. 

Dogs don't bark back at other dogs because they're afraid of them.  They bark because they know they're not going to be able to get away with it.
Microwaves use microwaves to heat food by convection. 

When you heat up a food, you are convectioning it, which means that you are transferring heat from the outside of the food to the inside of it.

In the microwave, the food is being heated from the inside out, which is why it is soggy. 


When the oven heats up the food, it is convectioned, meaning that the heat is transferred to the outside, which causes it to become crispy.
It's called the "birthday paradox". 

Imagine you have a group of 50 people.  You have a 50% chance of having a birthday on any given day of the year.  So, if you were born on one day and the other half on another day, then any two people in the group would have 50% of the chance of sharing a birthday.

Now, let's say you have 50 people in a group.  Let's assume that each of them was born on a different day.  That means that if two people share a birthday, they have a 90% chance
Korean women have been playing golf for a long time, and have been doing so for a very long time. 

In the past, women's golf wasn't as well developed as men's golf, so they were not as well represented in the top golf rankings as they are now.

However, in the last few years, the Korean women have become more prominent in the game, and they have been able to compete with the best male golfers in the world.
It's not that old photos have such high resolutions, it's that they were shot on film. 

Film is a medium that has a higher resolution than digital cameras, so it can be scanned at higher resolutions.

The reason for this is that film is very expensive to produce.  It takes a lot of time and money to make a single film print, and it takes a long time for it to be developed.  So it's not like you can just take a picture of a piece of paper and put it on a computer and have it look good.  You have to develop the film
Dunkirk was a French town in the middle of WWII.  It was part of the French part of France, part of England, and part of Belgium.  During the war, the Germans were trying to take over the French portion of the country.  The British decided to evacuate the town, but the Germans didn't want to give up.  They decided to hold the town until the rest of the German forces could get there.  

The British decided that they would give the town to the Germans, and the Germans would have to evacuate it.  So, they sent a bunch of ships
Sunscreen is a lotion that absorbs some of the sun's ultraviolet (UV) radiation on the skin and reflects some of it back. 

Sunscreen works by breaking down the molecules that make up your skin's UV filters.  These molecules are called chromophores.  When UV light hits your skin, it breaks down the chromophore molecules and turns them into free radicals.

These free radicals can cause damage to your DNA, which is why sunburns happen.  Sunscreen is an antimutagenic compound, meaning that it blocks the action of UV light to induce mutagen
Ivy Leaguers are the top universities in the United States. 

To be considered an IVY, a university must be at least as good as the next best university in the country.

In other words, it has to be at the top of the heap in terms of quality of education and research, and it must be able to attract the best and brightest students from around the world.
The BBC is the British Broadcasting Corporation.  It is the UK's national broadcaster.

It is a British company that broadcasts English language programming in the United States.  They are owned by the BBC Group, which is the same company that owns the ITV and the BBC News Channel.  

BBC America is the American version of the BBC, and it is owned by Comcast.  Comcast owns the rights to the BBC's programming, and they are the ones that distribute it in the U.S.
Parrots do not have vocal cords, so they have to make sounds using their throat muscles and membranes. 

Parrots can also learn to communicate by social learning, as well as by being taught by their parents.

_URL_0_
Entrapment is when a law enforcement officer intentionally sets up a situation in which a person will commit a crime that would not have occurred had it not been for their involvement.
It's the abbreviation for "Web 2.0".

Web2.0 refers to websites that emphasize user-generated content, ease of use, participatory culture and interoperability (i.e. they are designed to be compatible with other products, systems, and devices).

For example:

_URL_0_

This is a website that is designed to make it easier for people to find and use the content on the site. 

It's similar to how a website can be hosted on a server in another country, but it's not hosted in that country.
It's a vestigial reflex. When you get cold, your muscles contract, which causes your hair follicles to contract. This causes your skin to feel cold, which is why you get goosebumps.
It's not rocket science, it's rocket science. 

We can use nuclear weapons to break the crust of Mars, but it would take a lot of energy to do so.

The problem is that Mars has a thin atmosphere, and we don't have enough energy to build a rocket to launch a probe into the atmosphere.  So we'd need to use a nuclear warhead.
The primary election determines how many delegates each party will receive from their respective state, and how many of those delegates will go to the national convention.

In the case of the Democratic Party, the primary election decides which candidate will get the most delegates to the convention, and who will be the party's vice-presidential candidate. 

This is important because it allows the party to pick a candidate who can win the majority of the pledged delegates, and then the party can choose who will serve as the vice president. 


The reason this is important is because the party needs to have a candidate that
The platypus uses electromagnetic fields to detect the direction of movement of its prey. 

When it senses an electric field, it uses the area of its body with the highest electric field gradient (the underside of the electric organs) to present the highest possible signal to the prey.
I don't know about you, but I'm not a huge fan of Fine Bros. 

They're not the best video creators, but they're a lot of fun to watch.  They have a good sense of humor, they're funny, and they make good videos.

I'm not sure what you're talking about, but it's probably because they're not really that good.
They don't. 

They can be grown from seeds, but they can't pass on their genes through reproduction since they have no seeds to plant.
Electromagnetic EMP is caused by a nuclear explosion. 

Electromagnetism is the phenomenon of the Earth's magnetic field changing due to a nuclear blast.

When a nuclear EMP happens, it causes the earth to generate a strong magnetic field.  This magnetic field causes the electrons in the air around the device to collide with the electrical components of the device, causing them to become electrically charged.
I am left handed, but I write with my right hand. I am not ambidextrous.
Our eyes do not see everything "up" or "down". 

They see everything in the same direction.  
When you tilt your head, you are tilting your eyes in the opposite direction of the axis of rotation.  This causes your vision to be tilted about the same as your head.  When you turn your head to the side, your vision is tilted in the other direction.

This is called Listing's law.  It says that when your head is tilted, your eyes are oriented in a plane that is tilted slightly to the left and to the right.  If
I think it has to do with the neurotransmitters in your brain that make you feel good. Opioids work in the same way that alcohol does, by inhibiting the release of dopamine in the brain, which makes you feel better.

_URL_0_
It's called a manufacturer recall.  It happens when a car seat is recalled for a safety issue.  

The reason it happens is because the manufacturer doesn't know how long the car seat will last.  They don't know if it's going to be safe enough to be used until the child outgrows it, so they want to make sure it's safe enough for the child to use.

If it's not safe enough, the manufacturer will recall it and replace it.
I don't know, but I think it's because men tend to have a larger tongue and a larger tonsil or adenoid, which causes them to be more prone to snoring.
It's not that there are few Filipino restaurants in the US, it's that there's not enough of a Filipino population to support them.
We don't know for sure, but there are a few theories.

One is that they are not speaking in tongues, but they are speaking in a language that they don't understand. 

The other is that the language they speak is not the same as the language we speak. 


For example, if you are talking to someone in a foreign language, and they speak English, and you are speaking Japanese, you can understand what they are saying, but you can't understand the Japanese words they're saying.  You can understand Japanese, but not Japanese words.


Another theory is
There are a few things you can do.

1. If you are a middle class westerner, you can donate money to the cause. 

2. You can donate to anti-ISIL charities. 


3. You could donate to a local anti-ISIS charity.  If you live in an area where ISIS is active, donate to their cause.
When a human dies of natural causes, it's usually caused by a heart attack or stroke. The heart stops beating, and the blood stops flowing to the brain, which causes the brain to stop working. 

When the brain stops working, the brain goes into a state of shock, and is unable to function properly. This causes the heart to stop beating, which leads to death.

If the brain is not functioning properly, the heart will stop working as well, and it will stop pumping blood to the rest of the body, which will cause it to stop functioning as well. This will cause the
Your armpits have a lot of sweat glands. 

When it's cold outside, the sweat glands in your pits contract to keep your skin at a constant temperature.  When it's hot outside, they contract to maintain the same temperature.
It's not about religion, it's about compatibility. 

If you don't talk about religion and politics on a first date, you won't be able to talk about politics when you're in a serious relationship.
There are a lot of things we can do to mitigate the effects of climate change. 

1. We can reduce the amount of CO2 in the atmosphere.

2. We need to reduce our greenhouse gas emissions. 


3. We have to limit our consumption of fossil fuels.
It's not that it's too big to fall, it's that it has too much mass for gravity to push it down.

Think of it like this:

Imagine you're standing on the floor of a room with a bunch of other people standing on it. 

One person is standing on top of the other people, and the rest are standing at the bottom of the room, and they're all pushing down on the ground. 


Now imagine that one of the people on the bottom is pushing the ground away from the rest of the group.  The ground is moving away from
It's not corruption, it's bribery.

Bribery is when you take money in exchange for favors. 

For example, if you're a politician and you want to pass a law that makes it easier for a company to do business with you, you can take a bribe to pass the law.
The earth doesn't get any bigger, so what does this growth mean?

It means that our economy is growing. 

We have a finite amount of resources, and we need to find new ways to use them.

If you want to make money, you have to find a way to use the resources you already have, and you need to sell them for a higher price.
I think it's because when it rains, the air in the air is filled with water droplets, and the droplets are moving faster than the air around them, so the smell is amplified. 

Also, when it's raining, there's a lot of water vapor, so it's easier for your nose to pick up the smell.
The short-term consequences are that the government will have to shut down for a few days to allow Congress to pass a continuing resolution to fund critical government operations and allow Congress the time to complete the full year 2014 appropriations. 

The long-term effects of the shutdown will be felt by the people who are affected by the shutdown, and the businesses and individuals who rely on the government for their services.
Finland has one of the world's leading education system, and the United States has been falling behind; what's keeping the US from following Finland's educational system?
It's not in human nature to have sex and reproduce.  It's in our nature to want kids.
It's not that they don't want an NFL team, it's that the NFL doesn't want to have a team in Los Angeles. 

The NFL has been trying for years to bring a team back to the city for years, but the city doesn't really want it.
We can make it artificially, but it takes a lot of time and effort to make it taste as good as it does in real life. 

It's not that we can't make artificially the best tasting champagne ever, it's just that we don't have the time or resources to do so.
The Nobel Prize in Medicine or Physiology or Medicine goes to the person who discovered the mechanism of action of an enzyme.

This year's winners are:

Homo sapiens (Hiroshima et al.)

Sapiens was the first person to discover that HIV is a virus, and he was awarded the prize for his discovery. He and his team worked with a group of scientists at the University of California, San Diego, to study the mechanisms of the enzyme that causes HIV. They discovered that it is a protein that binds to a protein called ribosome, which is a type
I think it's called the menace reflex. It's a reflex to protect the eyes from potential damage, but it can also include turning of the head, neck, or even the trunk away from the object.
I'm not sure what you're talking about. 

If you eat a lot of junk food for one day, your body will be able to absorb all of the nutrients it needs to function properly.  But if you eat too much junk food, you'll have a hard time digesting it.  Your metabolism will slow down, and you'll be more likely to get sick.
We don't really know why we sleep. 

We do know that we need to sleep to keep our bodies functioning properly, but we don't know why.

There are a lot of theories about why we need sleep, but none of them have been proven to be true.  Some theories are that sleep is a way for our bodies to conserve energy.  For example, we have a hormone called melatonin that regulates our body's sleep cycle.  When we sleep, our body releases melatonin, which is a hormone that tells our body that it's time for us to go to sleep.
Allergies are caused by your immune system. 

Your body's immune system recognizes that something is wrong with you.  Your immune system sends a signal to your body telling it that you're allergic to something.  This is called anaphylaxis.

Allergy is caused by a chemical called histamine.  Histamine is produced by your body's granulocytes, which are the cells that make mucus.  When you breathe in allergens, your body releases histamine, which causes your body to constrict your airway and make it harder for you to breathe in.
Pesticides can be washed off of fruits and vegetables, but they are not in the cells of the produce. 

They are in the soil and water, but not the plant itself.
It depends on the show. 

If it's a live show, the actors and crew know what they're doing, and they know what the audience wants to see.  If they don't know, they can change their lines, or they can improvise.

In reality, it's not that hard.  The actors know exactly what they want to do, and the crew knows what they need to do.  They just need to rehearse it.
The amount of water in the reservoir/river/body of water isn't the same as the amount of rain in the area. 

Water in a reservoir is the volume of water that it takes to fill up.

A river is a collection of water droplets.  If you fill up a reservoir with water, it will take a long time for the water to drain out of the reservoir.  The amount of time it takes for water to flow out of a reservoir depends on the size of the river.
They make a lot of money during the holiday season. 

They sell the fireworks.  They sell them to people who want to buy them, and they sell them for a lot more.

The rest of the year, they do whatever they want to do.
Pine needles are made of cellulose, which is a type of polysaccharide.  The cellulose is used for photosynthesis.  

Pine trees do not have leaves, so they do not need to use their needles to get the water they need to grow.
I think it has to do with the fact that when you turn your head, your head is facing the opposite direction of your body.  

When you turn, your body is facing in the same direction as your head.  If you turn it the other way, you're facing the other direction.  This causes your head to bump against your body, and your body to bump your head against the ground.
It's called survival bias.

It's when you look at a group of people and think that they are all the same, but you don't look at them all at the same time. 

For example, if you see a bunch of people in a group, and you see only a few of them, you think they all look like they are the same.  You don't see the other people in the group, you see the ones that are different.  This is called the "survivorship bias" fallacy.
It's not so much that we need extra body fat to survive, it's that our bodies have evolved to be able to store fat as energy. 

Our bodies are designed to store energy as fat, not as energy as we need it to burn it off.  When we eat too much, our bodies can't store as much energy as they used to, so we need to store it as fat as we can.
I think it's because the host's voice is louder than the callers. 

The host is the voice of the show, so they want to make sure they get the best sound possible.
Poison ivy, Poisson Oak, and Poison Sumac do not produce urushiol.

Poison Ivy is a member of the Anacardiaceae family, which is the family that makes poison ivy. The sap of Poison Ivy is not allergenic, but the plant does produce a lot of it, so it can cause a reaction.
It's called "cue-dependent forgetting". 

When you try to remember something, your brain tries to remember it, but it doesn't want to.  It doesn't know what it's trying to remember, so it's not remembering it at all.
It's not Obama's fault, it's Bush's fault. 

Bush's foreign policy was a disaster.  The US was involved in every single war in the world.  It's not the US' fault that the US is in a shitty position.  Bush's policies were bad.  Obama's policies have been bad.

The US has been involved in a lot of wars in the Middle East, Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria, Libya, Ukraine, and Yemen.  They are not all the fault of Obama.
If Scotland were to break away from the UK, it would be the result of a referendum.  

The UK is a union of four countries, England, Scotland, Wales, Northern Ireland, and Wales.  Each country has their own Parliament, and each has its own devolved government.

In the case of Scotland, the Scottish National Party (SNP) is the party that is leading the campaign for independence, and they have a majority in the Scottish Parliament, which is the parliament that is responsible for the day-to-day running of the country.  They are the party of the
Tandem trucks and trailers are used in Europe because they are easier to tow. 

Trucks in the US are designed to be able to be pulled by a single trailer.  They are designed so that they can be towed by two trailers at the same time.
Rainbow tables are a way to keep track of all the hashes in a chain.  

Imagine you have a list of numbers.  Each number in the list is a hash.  If you look at the list, you can see that the first number is 0, the second number is 1, the third number is 2, the fourth number is 3, the fifth number is 4, the sixth number is 5, the seventh number is 6, the eighth number is 7, the ninth number is 8, the tenth number is 9, the last number is 10, and so on until you get to
It's a bit of a complicated question, but I'll try to break it down:

1.  

In the US, social conservatives tend to believe that the government should be more involved in the economy than it is in the social sphere.  They believe that government should not interfere with private property rights, and that the state should not be involved in business decisions.  This is in contrast to Europe, where the state is often involved in economic decisions.

2.  In the UK, there is a strong tradition of "classical liberalism", which is a form of liberalism that is
Yes, it will work in outerspace. 

The problem is that the bell is not designed to transmit electromagnetic waves.  It is designed to be able to transmit radio waves, which are electromagnetic waves that travel at the speed of light.  So if you want to send a radio signal through space, you have to send it at the same speed as the radio waves traveling through the air.  If you send the radio signal at a different speed, it won't work.
It depends on the type of cloud. 

Convective clouds are caused by air rising and falling in the atmosphere.

Cumuliform clouds are made up of water vapour, which rises and falls due to condensation of water droplets in the air.  The higher up the cloud, the higher the temperature, the more condensation and the higher it rises.  When the temperature drops, the lower the temperature the more water vapor rises.
It's called the [Piloterection](_URL_0_) and it's caused by the muscles in your back flexing to make your fur stand up.
The THC in cannabis is a psychoactive compound, and the THC in edibles is a non-psychoactive compound. 

This means that when you eat cannabis, you're not just ingesting THC, but also CBD, which is an endocannabinoid.

CBD is an anti-inflammatory, anti-oxidant, and anti-depressant.  It also has anti-seizure properties, which makes it less likely to cause you to pass out.
Pulsars are stars that have a degenerate core, meaning that they have a hot core with a shell of carbon-oxygen. 

When a star becomes degenerate, it is no longer able to fuse the hydrogen in its core, and the outer shell of the core starts burning.

The outer shell is hot enough that it can no longer hold enough energy to keep the star spinning, so it begins to glow.  This is called a [pulsar](_URL_0_).
It's not that they don't want you to watch it anymore, it's that they've changed their programming so much that it's no longer relevant. 

For example, in the past, they used to show a lot of shows about the Civil War, but they stopped doing that in the 90s.  They started showing shows about World War I and World War II, but then they stopped showing those shows.

They've also changed the format of the channel so that it doesn't look like it's trying to be a history channel, but it's more of a reality show channel.
The scientific method is based on the fact that you have to prove that something is true or false. 

If you don't have any evidence to back up your claim, you can't prove that it's true, but if you do, then you can prove it's false.
I think it's because they want to make sure the audience knows that the show is funny.
It's not that flat mirrors make you look thinner, it's that when you look at a flat mirror, you're looking at a mirror that is curved. 

A flat mirror reflects light in the same direction as you are looking at it, but the angle between the reflected rays and the surface normal is the same as that between the incident ray and the normal.

When you look in a mirror, the angle of reflection is different than that between you and the mirror, so you see a mirror with a curved surface, and a flat surface with a straight surface.
GTA is built on top of Unreal Engine, which is a 3D rendering engine. 

Unreal Engine is a game engine that allows you to create 3D models and 3D environments.

The first step in making a game like GTA is to get the game engine up and running.  It's basically a set of tools that you can use to make a game.  The first step is to make sure that you have all of the assets you need to make the game, and then you have to figure out how to render them.  You can do this by downloading the source code for
I think it has to do with the temperature difference between the temperature of the water and the air.

When you get caught in a downpour of cold rain, the air around you is warmer than the air above you. The cold air is moving faster than the warm air, so it feels colder. When you shower, the cold water is moving at the same rate as the hot air.
Saudi Arabia has sovereign immunity under the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act (FSIA). This means that they can't sue someone in another country for a comment they made on the internet.
When you blow on a small flame, you're blowing air into it, but you're not blowing air out of it. You're blowing it out of the air that's already there, which is the oxygen in the air. When you blow air on a big flame, it's the oxygen that's there, not the air itself.
You're not supposed to re-use plastic bottles for water etc.

You're supposed to reuse them for other things like coffee, salad dressing, soup, baby formula, etc.
There are a lot of reasons. 

1. It's cheaper.

2. There are more places to go to school.  If you're from a small town, you can get a good deal on a degree at a smaller town college.  You don't have to travel as far to get a decent education.
It's called a [slurry pit](_URL_0_)

It's basically a pile of sludge that's been sitting in the drain for a long time. 

When you flush it down the drain, the sludge gets trapped in the pipe, which is why it's called slurry pit.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but here's what I think:

Web browsers are built on top of each other. 

Your computer has a lot of processing power and memory, so when you load a page, it has to send it to the server, and the server has to transmit it back to your computer.

When the server sends the data back, it sends it to your browser, and your computer has to process it, and then it's sent back to the browser. This is called "HTTP".

If you're not familiar with how HTTP works,
Because they're not guaranteed success.

Star Wars: Battlefront and HalfLife are huge hits, but they aren't going to sell as many copies as they were expected to.  They're not going to make as much money as they thought they were going to, so they don't want to make sequels to them.
Vitamins are not measured in grams, they are measured in micronutrients.

Vitamin D is measured in milligrams per kilogram of body weight. 

The amount of vitamin D in your body is measured by the amount of calcium in your blood, and the amount in your urine.
When you warm milk up, the sugars in it become more readily absorbed by the bacteria in the milk, which makes it taste sweeter.
A synthesizer is a device that uses an oscillator to generate a waveform. 

The oscillator can be any number of things, but the most common ones are:

1. Analog oscillators.

2. Digital oscillators have an array of standard wave shapes including triangle, sawtooth, square and a variable pulse-width modulation.
3. Analog synths use a digital oscillator.
4. Digital synthesizers use digital oscillators to generate waveforms.
5. Analog synthesizers also use digital filters.
6. Analog synth filters are used to create a
Your heart rate is regulated by the sympathetic nervous system, which is the part of your body that controls your breathing and heart rate. When you are stressed, your heart rate increases, which causes your heart to pump more blood into your body. This is good because it increases the amount of oxygen your heart needs to pump through your body, which makes it easier for you to breathe.

When you are not stressed, the heart rate decreases, which means that your heart can't pump as much blood to your body as it normally does. This leads to heart failure, which can lead to a heart attack.
Mercury's orbit is elliptical, meaning that it orbits the sun at a slightly different angle to the earth's orbit. 

When Mercury is at perihelion, it is at its closest to the sun.  When it passes overhead, the sun is at the same distance from the earth as it is from the sun, so it is moving in the same direction as the earth.

However, when Mercury is retrograde, the earth is going in the opposite direction.  This causes the earth to appear to be moving backwards, and the sun appears to be going the other way.
I think it's because of the way the show is shot. Multi-camera sitcoms are filmed live in front of a live audience, which allows the actors to be more spontaneous and spontaneous. 

Single camera sitcoms were filmed in a studio, which allowed the actors and crew to be spontaneous and more spontaneous, which is why they are funnier.
Light travels in a spectrum of wavelengths. 

When light hits something, it bounces off of it.  It bounces off the surface of the object it hits, and bounces back into the air.  This is called scattering.

If you're looking at a bright light source, the light is bouncing off of the surface, and bouncing back into your eyes.  If you're not looking at it, you can't see it because it's bouncing off the ground.  The light from the source of light is traveling through the air, and the air is bouncing the light off of itself.  So
It's not about the right to repair, it's about Apple not honoring its warranties. 

Apple has been sued by Samsung over the design of the Galaxy Note 7.  Samsung is a major component supplier for Apple, and Apple is a key customer for Samsung.

Samsung is suing Apple because they don't want to pay Apple for the parts they use in their phones, and because Apple doesn't want them to use their parts.
We know that there is an answer for it, but we don't know how to prove it. 

We can't prove it by proving it, we can prove that it's not an answer, but that doesn't mean we know that we can't find a proof for it.

There are a few ways to prove that there isn't an answer to a math problem, but they're not the same as proving that there's an answer. The first way is to use a theorem prover, which is a method of proving that a problem is not solvable. For example, if you have
Yes, it would try to eat you like a lion, but it wouldn't be able to do it because it would be too big. 

Lion's teeth are very strong, and they can break the bones of smaller animals, but they can't break bones of larger animals.  They can only break bones if they are crushed by their own weight.

A cat's teeth aren't as strong as a lion's, so it would take a lot more force to break the bone of a smaller animal than a lion can.
It's a reflex. When you are tickled, your body sends a signal to your brain that you are being tickled. Your brain interprets this signal as a "Oh shit, I'm being attacked!" which triggers the startle reflex, which makes you laugh.
Lehman Brothers was a financial institution that specialized in securitization of mortgage backed securities. 

Mortgage backed securities are a type of financial instrument that are backed by real estate.  They are sold on the open market to people who are willing to pay a certain amount of money to buy them.  The idea is that if they sell them at a certain price, they will be worth more than they are worth.  This is called a "prime" mortgage.

The problem is that these mortgages are not backed by any real estate, but rather by a bunch of mortgages that are
The Free Software Foundation doesn't expect us to give everything away for free.

It expects us to provide free software to anyone who wants to use it. 

The FSF is a non-profit organization, so they don't expect you to give away free software, they want you to make money from it.
Because they don't want Iran to have nuclear weapons. 

They don't even want to know that Iran has nuclear weapons, because it would make them look bad.
Yes, it could. 

The problem is that long-term amnesia is not a cure for mental illness.  It's just a way for the brain to repair itself.  The brain is very good at repairing itself after trauma, but it's not so good at doing so long term.  If you were to put someone in a coma for a long period of time, the brain would be able to rebuild itself, but if you put them in a long term coma, it would take a long time for it to do so.
Apple has a huge market share of the mobile phone market.  

Google has a very small market share.  They have a lot of apps, but they don't have as much market share as Apple.
When your computer's RAM is full, it is used to store data stored by the CPU.  

When the CPU is not using it, the RAM is being used for other things.  For example, if you have a file in RAM, the CPU can read it and write it back to the hard drive.  This is called "paging".

If you have 2 GB of RAM and a 1 GB page file, the computer has 3 GB total memory available to it.  If you have 4GB of RAM, you can write 4 GB of data to the page file.
A world line is a curve in spacetime which traces out the (time) history of a particle, observer or small object.

Imagine that you are standing in the middle of the universe.  You are looking down at the ground.  If you look at the sky, you can see that the sky is blue.  But if you look up at the stars, they are red.  The sky is red because the sun is shining.  So if you take a picture of the ground, you will see that it is red, because it is the same color as the sky.  

If you
I think it has to do with the fact that our brains are so much bigger than those of other animals. 

We have a larger brain than most other animals, and we have a much more sophisticated social structure.

Our brains are also much more complex than other animals' brains, so we are able to learn and adapt to new situations much more quickly.
It's not a known fallacy, it's a known fact. 

It's just that we don't want to make laws and vote in this way.

If we did, we'd have to make them in such a way that they would not be enforceable by the people who voted for them.
GIFs are a bitmap file format. 

A GIF is a series of images that are laid out in a grid of 256 colors.

When you download a video, you are downloading a file that contains a bunch of data.  
The video has a lot of information stored in it, so it needs to be compressed to fit into a tiny amount of space.  This is why it takes a lot longer to load than a GIF.
The rules are set up so that the best cars are allowed to compete in the same class, and the best drivers are able to compete for the same prize money. 

There is a lot of money to be made in stock car racing, so it's not a free for all.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it has something to do with the fact that working multiple jobs means that you have to put in more hours than you would if you just worked one job.
The clitoris is not the same as a man's penis.  It is a gland, it is a part of the clitoris.  When a man takes a pill, he takes testosterone, which increases the amount of testosterone in the blood, which causes the penis to grow.  The clitoris, on the other hand, is made up of a bunch of cells called the corpora cavernosa.  These are the cells that make up the clitoral glans.

When a woman takes roids, she takes estrogen and progesterone, which increase the production of testosterone.  This increases the
Ebola is spread through contact with bodily fluids. 

In the case of Ebola, the virus is transmitted through direct contact with the body fluids of infected people.  This means that if you are in contact with someone who has Ebola, you are more likely to contract the disease.

So the best way to treat Ebola is to isolate the patient and isolate them in a place where they can't be exposed to others.
It's when you don't know who you are. 

When you are a child, you are trying to figure out your identity.  You don't have a sense of who you want to be, or what your place in the world is, or how you feel about yourself.  When you are an adult, you have a different set of ideas about who you should be, and how you should act, and what you should do with your life.  This is called "ego identity".  It's the idea that you are the person you are because you are who you think you are,
There is a formula to calculate how many parking spots they build. It's called the "Parking Generation Rate". 

It's based on a number of factors, but the most important one is the amount of land they need to build on.

If you live in a city with a lot of parking, and you want to build a store, you need to find out how much land you need, and how many spaces you can build.  You can do this by looking at the population density of the city, and the number of people who live there.  If you have a large number of
A unicorn is a privately held startup company valued at over $1 billion. 

It's a measure of how much money the company has raised in venture capital funding.

Uber is a unicorn because it's worth $1.5 billion.
I'm not sure, but I think it has something to do with the size of the plug. 

In the US, there are two types of plugs.  One is called "NEMA 10-20" and the other is called NEMA 1-15 ungrounded (Type A).

The 10-10 is the standard, and the 15-15 is the NEMA 2-15.

There are also different types of plug that are called "Type O" and "Type B".

Type O is a 3-pin plug, and Type B is a 2-
Inbreeding leads to deformity.

When you mate with someone close to you, you share a large fraction of your genetic code. This is called homozygosity. 

Homozygosity is a measure of how many copies of a gene you have in your genome.  If you have two copies of the same gene, you are homozygous for both of them.  This means that if one of them is defective, the other is heterozygous, meaning that they are both carriers of the defective allele.  When two people mate with each other, they share the same copy of
I think it's because of social media.  

It used to be that if you were fat, you were considered ugly.  Now, if you are thin, you are considered beautiful.  It's not that you are ugly, it's just that you have a different perception of what it means to be beautiful.
When you're in the shower, the water in your shower tank is heated to 100C. 

When you turn on the shower water, the temperature of the water increases, and the pressure in the tank increases.

This causes the water to boil, and when the water boils, it becomes steam.
I think it has to do with your circadian rhythm. 

Your body's circadian rhythm is set by the sun and the moon. When you wake up in the middle of the night, your body is producing melatonin, which is a hormone that makes you feel sleepy. When the sun goes down, it's time for you to go back to sleep, and when the sun comes up, you're back to waking up.
You can stop the brain from working, but you can't stop it from thinking. 

If you stop thinking, the brain will start thinking again, but it won't be able to do the things you want it to do.
Bionic arms are made up of a chain of joints that are actuated by motors. 

A mechanical arm is a chain that is attached to the end of the chain.  The chain is connected to the joints, and the joints are connected to each other.

When you use a bionic arm, you are using the chain to move the arm.  If you want to grab something, you need to pull the chain apart.  When the chain is pulled apart, you can pull the arm back together.  This allows you to grab things with the pincer, and when you pull
Tienanmen Square was the site of the fall of the Soviet Union in 1917. It was the place where the Bolshevik Revolution took place. 

The square is named after the leader of the revolution, who was the first President of the Communist Party of the USSR.

It is located in the center of the city of Beijing, China, and is the seat of the People's Republic of China.
Caffeine is a stimulant. 

When you drink coffee, your body makes more adenosine monophosphate (AMP), which is a messenger molecule that is important in many cellular processes.  When you drink too much of it, it causes your body to break down cAMP, which makes your body more sensitive to the effects of the drug.  This makes you feel more awake and alert, which causes you to be more likely to have panic attacks.
It's not so much that homosexuality is evil in some cultures as it is that it is against the idea of natural law. 

In the Old Testament, homosexuality is seen as a sin against God.  In Deuteronomy 22:5, cross-dressing is condemned as "abominable".  In Leviticus 18:18, it says that if you do not obey the law of Moses, you will be subject to the judgment of the Lord.  This is because homosexuality is against God's law.

It's the same reason that in the Middle Ages, homosexuality was seen as
I think it's because you're using the wrong type of wire. 

If you're talking about the negative end of the line, you're referring to the "high-leg" end, which is the one that has a higher voltage than the "neutral" end.

The high-leg end of a line is 120V, and the neutral end is 240V.  This means that the voltage between the center tap (neutral) and each of the top and bottom taps (phase and anti-phase) is 120v (100%), while the low-leg ends are 120V (100
Porn websites are notorious for viruses, but they are also notorious for having a lot of ads.

The reason they keep those ads up is because they don't want to lose money. 

When you go to a porn site, you're not going to pay for porn.  You're going to see ads for porn, and if you click on those ads, you'll get a free porn video.  If you don't click on the ads, it's not worth it.
Cologne is made up of a bunch of chemicals that react with each other. 

When you apply it to your skin, the chemicals in your skin react with the oils in your hair, which creates the scent.

The oils in the Cologne will react with other chemicals in the air around you to create the scent you're looking for.
We don't have the concept of a property ladder. 

We do have a concept of ownership, but it's not the same as a "lack of ownership".

In the US, you can buy a house for $100,000, but you can't get a mortgage on it.

You can get a loan for $500,000 but you have to pay it back over 10 years.
Mali is a country in the Sahel region of Africa. It's a landlocked country with a population of about 5 million people. 

It's part of the region that borders Burkina Faso, Côte d'Ivoire, Niger, and Senegal.  It's also in the middle of the Sahara Desert.

In 2012, the government of Mali was overthrown by a coup d'etat led by a bunch of military officers.  The coup was a failure, and the army was replaced by a military junta led by Ibrahim Boubacar Keita.
It's not so much that they look "alike" or share a common nation, it's that they share the same culture and language. 

There's a lot of factors that go into it, but the most important one is that you have to be able to identify yourself as part of an ethnic group.

For example, if you're from India, you're part of the Indian subcontinent, but you don't speak the same language as the Chinese, so you're not part of a single ethnic group, you are part of different ethnic groups.  If you're Chinese, but
Scientology is a religious organization. It was founded by L. Ron Hubbard in the 1950s. 

Scientology was founded as a way for Hubbard to get people to believe that they could become gods.  It was a way to get them to believe they were gods, and it was popular in the 50s and 60s in the United States.

It was a very popular religion in the 60s and 70s because it appealed to a lot of people who didn't believe in God and wanted to be able to do things that other religions didn't want to do.  They wanted people to
I think it's because the error codes are in a different language than the subtitles. 

If you're talking about English error codes, they are in English, but the subtitles are in French.
Your router is connected to the cable company's hybrid fiber coax (HFC) line.  The cable company uses RF (Radio Frequency) signals to transmit data to your router.  

When you connect your router to the HFC line, the signal is split into two separate bands.  One band is used to transmit the data to the router, and the other is used for receiving the data.  When you connect the router to your cable line, it uses the RF signal to send the data back to you.

Your router then uses the other band to receive the data, and sends it
It's not. Plastic is made up of a bunch of tiny molecules that stick to the surface of the plastic, and when you touch it, they stick to your skin.
I think it has to do with the fact that the US is more conservative on attitudes about sex compared to other developed nations. 

In the US, there are a lot of people who believe that sex is a private thing, and that it should be kept out of the public sphere.  This is not true in other developed countries, but it is true in the US.
You can buy a DVR, but you have to pay a monthly fee for it. 

If you want to watch TV, you need to subscribe to a cable or satellite service.  You can watch TV on the internet, but it's not free.  If you don't have a cable service, you can't watch TV.
8-bit, 10-bit and 16-bit are all 8-bit. 

10-bit is 8 bits wide, 16 bit is 16 bits wide.

16-bit means that you can store the address to any location in the computer's physical memory, but you can't store the data in the memory. 


16 bit means that the address can be stored in any location on the computer, but the data is stored in a 16 bit array.  This is called an ALU (Algorithms Language Unit).

32 bit means you can only store the information in
The US has a winner take all system, which means that the winner takes all system prevents third party candidates from being competitive, even when they have significant support (such as in 1992, when Ross Perot won 22% of the popular vote).
Your degree is still valid.  It's just that the accrediting body no longer recognizes it as a degree.  

If your university loses its accreditation, you can't get your degree back.  You have to go back to a different school.  If you don't have a degree, it's not valid.
I think it's because it reminds them of their loved ones.  

_URL_0_
The bible was written by a group of priests who were paid to translate the Hebrew Bible into English. 

They were paid by the church to do so, and they were paid for the translation.  They were paid a lot of money to do it, and the translation was done by a team of people who were trained in the language.

When they were done, they were given a list of books that they had to translate, and each of them had to fill in the blanks with their own interpretations of what they had read.  The Bible is a collection of many different translations of the Bible
I'm not sure what you mean by "up to 4 pounds of pressure off of each knee". 

It's more like "losing just one pound can take up to 8 pounds of weight off of both knees".

If you're talking about the patellar ligament, which is the ligament that holds your knee in place, it's called the [patellar tuberosity](_URL_0_).

When you put weight on your knee, you're actually putting pressure on the [tibiofemoral shear force, which acts like a spring.
A motion detector is a device that detects motion. 

It's basically a sensor that measures the amount of light reflected from the object in front of the camera.  The light reflects back to the sensor, and the sensor then compares that light to the light coming from the objects in the background.  If the camera is moving, it will detect that the light from the background is moving.

If the camera isn't moving, then it will not detect the motion of the object behind it.
Your metabolism depends on a lot of things. 

1. Your metabolism is determined by the amount of energy your body uses to burn calories.

2. The rate at which your body burns calories depends on how many calories you eat.
3. The amount of calories you burn depends on what you eat and how much of that energy is used up.
4. Your rate of metabolism is influenced by how much energy you burn.
5. Your basal metabolic rate (BMR) is a measure of how fast your body is metabolizing energy.
6. Your BMR depends on the amount
Packaging protects food from damage during its transportation from farms and factories via warehouses to retailing, as well as preserving its freshness upon arrival.
The key to the city comes from medieval walled cities, the gates of which would be guarded during the day and locked at night, the key symbolises the freedom of the recipient to enter and leave the city at will, as a token of appreciation for their long and dedicated service.
Insurance is a business. 

Insurance companies make money by selling insurance policies to people who don't have health insurance.  They make money because they know that people will pay for their vision care.  If they don't make money, they can't sell the insurance.

If they make money selling insurance, then they can sell it to other people who do have health care.
The Angels are a group of Satanists who live in a house in the middle of the night.  They believe that if you are good in life, you will not go to hell.  If you are bad in life you will go to heaven. 

They believe that they are the only way out of hell.
The taste buds in your mouth are called gustatory cells. They are located on the upper surface of your tongue and in the roof of your mouth. 

When you drink water, the water in the water causes them to react chemically with the taste buds on your tongue, which causes the taste to change.
It's not racial profiling, it's voter ID laws. 

Voter ID laws are a form of voter suppression.  If you don't have a photo ID, you can't vote.

Racial profiling is when a police officer stops a black person and asks them if they have a driver's license or a Social Security card.  The reason they ask is because they don't want them to be able to vote.  They want to make sure that they aren't discriminating against people because they are black.
When you eat, your body releases a hormone called ghrelin. Ghrelin is a hormone that tells your brain that you're hungry. When you don't eat before bed, your brain doesn't release it, so your body doesn't get the signal it needs.
Alcohol is a sedative, benzodiazepines are an anxiolytic. 

Anxiety is an anxiety disorder caused by a lack of control over your emotions.

Alcohol can be used as an anxiogenic agent, which is why it is frowned upon to self-medicate with alcohol.
There is a way to get all students to work with all other students (simultaneously) without repeating
Yes. 

When light hits something, it travels in a straight line.

If the light source is transparent, then the light travels in straight lines, but if the object is opaque, then it travels along a curved path.
The butterfly effect is a result of the Lorenz attractor. 

Imagine you have a butterfly in a jar.  It flaps its wings, causing a disturbance in the air around it, which causes a tornado to form.  The tornado is caused by the butterfly flapping its wings.  If you change the initial conditions of the jar, you can change the outcome of the tornado.
DirectX is the source code for the game.  It's not a copy of the game itself, it's the code that the game uses to run it.

Directx is written in C++, which is a programming language that runs on Windows and Mac OS X.  So, if you want to make a game run on Windows, you need to write the code for it.  If you want a game to run on Mac OSX, you have to write it in C#.  That's why directx is needed.
Thermodynamics is the study of the laws of thermodynamics. 

The basic idea is that energy can be exchanged between physical systems as heat and work.  This is important because it is a fundamental law of physics, and it is the basis of many of the theories we use in our everyday life.

For example, if you have a thermodynamic system, you can think of it as a collection of atoms and molecules that are all moving at the same speed.  If you want to know how fast they are moving, you need to look at the rate at which they move.
Dogs don't consider cats prey because they don't want to eat them. They consider them prey because cats eat them because they are bigger than they are.
There is no such thing as a "word" for not getting involved in things that do not directly benefit you. 

There is, however, a concept called "avoidance" which is the opposite of "not getting involved".

Avoidance is a way of saying that you are not going to get involved in something that does not benefit you in any way.

For example, if you are in a situation where you want to do something, but you don't want to be involved in it, then you should avoid it. 


If you are doing something that benefits you, then
The dollar is backed by gold.

Bitcoin is not backed by anything. 

Gold is a store of value.  If you want to buy something with gold, you need to have it in your possession.  Bitcoin is a digital currency.  It is not a physical currency.
I think it has to do with social class. 

When you're in highschool, you're socializing with people your age.  You have a lot of friends your age who are your peers.  When you go to college, you don't have as many friends because you're not socializing as you do with your peers your age, so you have less time to socialize with them.

This is why you see people in your highschool class look 20.  It's not that they look 20, it's that they don't socialize as much as they do with their peers
The Pope is the head of the Catholic Church.  He is the leader of the Church and the leader in the world.  

He is elected by the cardinals of the church.  The cardinals vote on who they think is best suited to be the next pope.  They vote for the candidate they think will be best suited for the job.  If he wins, he becomes the Pope.

If he loses, he resigns.  Then he is re-elected by the other cardinals.
I'm not sure what you mean by "African Americans".

Black Americans are not technically African Americans, they are American citizens.

Copts, Berbers, and Arabs from northern Africa who immigrate to the U.S. are not American citizens either. They are citizens of the United States, just like any other citizen.
It's to prevent birds, flying insects or airborne debris such as seeds or leaves from entering, and pets and small children from entering.
I think it has to do with the chemical composition of the food itself. 

When you eat something, you are tasting the chemicals that are present in the food.

For example, when you eat a piece of toast, you're tasting the sugar in the bread, but you're not tasting the flavor of the bread itself.
Your body has evolved to be able to handle a wide range of temperatures.  When you're young, your body is used to being exposed to a lot of heat.  Your body has a mechanism to regulate your body temperature, and as you get older, it becomes less efficient at doing so.

When you're older, your metabolism slows down, and your body needs to burn more calories to keep you alive.  This means that you need to eat a lot more calories, which means that your body has to produce more energy.  

As you age, you have less energy to burn,
Northern Ireland is a part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.  It is part of England and Wales, and is governed by a devolved government.  The Republic of Ireland is an independent country with its own government.

Northern Ireland was split into two parts in the 17th century when the British decided to split the island of Ireland into three parts: England, Scotland, and the Republic.  

England and Scotland were the three main parts of the UK, and they were all under the control of the British monarch.  They were all in the same country, but they had different
I'm not an expert on the subject, but I'll try to do my best.

Israel is a Jewish state. It was founded in 1948 by the British Mandate of Palestine. 

Palestine is a Palestinian state.  It is divided into two parts, the West Bank and the Gaza Strip.  The West Bank is part of Israel, and Gaza is in the Gaza strip.  In 1967, Israel won a war with the Arab states over the Golan Heights, which is now known as East Jerusalem.  After the war, Israel annexed East Jerusalem, claiming it as its own.
Yes, they will. 

They will be able to walk, but they will be unable to speak, eat, swallow, etc.
No. 

Anaethesia is a side effect of anesthesia.  It causes the nerves in your body to stop working properly, causing pain.  If you have a herniated disc that is causing significant pain radiating into the leg, you can have it surgically removed.

If you have spinal stenosis, it can cause severe pain in your spine.  This can be treated with surgery.
Your armpits are covered in sweat glands. 

The sweat glands produce oils and other oils that your body produces as it cools down.

When you wear a jersey, the oils and oils get trapped in the fabric, which makes it smell worse.
Fireworks are illegal in nearly half of American States. 

There are a lot of reasons for this, but the main one is that it's a safety issue.

Fireworks can be very dangerous, especially if you're not careful with them. There have been a number of cases where people have been killed by exploding fireworks.
Free will is the ability to choose between different possible courses of action unimpeded. 

Harris says that we do not have free will.  He says that if we had free will, we would not be able to make the decisions we do.
You go to a polling station and fill out a form.  You fill out the form and they give you a piece of paper with your name on it.  Then you go to the voting booth and fill in your ballot.  If you don't have a paper ballot, you have to use a pencil to write your name down on the ballot and put it in the box.
The heart is a complex organ.  It has a lot of different chambers, and different types of blood vessels.  

Cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) is a way to get the heart to pump blood back into the lungs.  You compress the heart, which causes the blood vessels to dilate and constrict, which increases the pressure in the heart.  This increases the heart's ability to pump the blood back to the lungs, which allows it to pump oxygen to the brain. 
 
When the heart stops pumping blood, the brain stops working.  The brain is
The day we fight back will be a day of protest.  It will be the day that the government stops spying on us.
Yes, it does. 

If you hit the bus, the force of the impact is proportional to the mass of the bus.  If you hit a car, the impact would be proportional to its mass, and the force would be equal to your weight.

However, if you hit an object with a bus, it would have a much larger impact area, so it would be much more likely to hit the ground.
It's not the teenagers on there.

It's the fact that it's a game that's aimed at teenagers, and it's not aimed at them.
It's not for a straight line, it's for an angle.

If you look at the equation, you can see that the angle is 0, so you know that it's straight.
We don't know for sure, but we think it's because we don't have enough information to date rocks back to the time of the big bang. 

Rocks on earth date back to about 4.5 billion years ago, but that's because they were formed in the early days of the solar system, when there was a lot of dust and gas in the sky, and the sun was very hot.
Sleepwalking is caused by a delay in the maturity of the central nervous system, increased slow wave sleep, increased fever, fever, and excessive tiredness.

When you sleep, your brain goes through a series of sleep cycles. When you wake up, your body is still in the middle of one of these sleep cycles, and your brain is trying to go back to sleep. 

Sleepwalking occurs when your brain gets stuck in a sleep cycle. It's like when you're in deep sleep, but your body doesn't want to go to sleep, so it keeps waking up and trying to get back
E-cigarettes contain a lot less nicotine than traditional cigarettes, which is why they are less addictive. 

_URL_0_
We yell "boo!" to show our disapproval. 

It's a way for us to show that we don't like something.
It's not that they are "defending their country", it's that they're fighting for the interests of the country they are fighting for.
When you place your hand in a socket, you're touching the end of the socket, not the ground.

The ground is a conductor of electricity, and if you touch it with your other hand, the ground is not a conductor. 

If you touch the ground with your hand, you are touching the ground, and the ground isn't a conductor, so the ground doesn't have any resistance to the electricity. 


When you put your hand on a laptop or phone charger, it's the ground that is the conductor, not your hand.
A record is a piece of paper that is wrapped around a spinning cylinder.  The cylinder spins at a certain speed, and when it spins, it creates a groove in the paper.  This groove is called the groove. 

When you play a record, you are playing the needle on the cylinder, which is the part of the cylinder that is spinning.  When the needle hits the groove, it makes a sound.  If the needle is moving too fast or too slow, it will stop playing.

If it's moving too slow or too fast, the needle will stop moving, and the
I'm not a drummer, but I can give you an idea of how drums work.

When you hit a drum with a drumstick, you are hitting it against the drum head. The drum head vibrates, and this vibrates the inside of the drum, which is what makes the sound you hear. 

The drum is made of a variety of different materials, and each of those materials has a different pitch. The head of a talking drum, for example, can be made of any number of different types of materials, but the shape of the head determines the pitch of the sound.
They don't "feed" it, they "eat" it. 

Skin is made up of a bunch of cells.  The cells that make up the skin are called epithelial cells, and they are called myoepithelial cells because they are the ones that make the skin.

When they eat, they use their own cells to make the cuticle, which is the outer layer of the skin, and the inner layer is made of chitin.
Arabic names are based on a long naming system. 

Abdullah ibn 'Abdallah is the father's personal name or a patronymic (i.e. his name could be 'Amr ibn Abdallah or Abdallah ibn "Amr" while "Abdallah" could simply be an honorific).

Ayoub is the name of the town where the person was born.

Khalil means "son" or "son-in-law".

Al-Khalili is the first name of a tribe. It means "father" or
The NHL uses a lottery system to determine which team gets the top pick in the draft.  The odds of winning the lottery are weighted on a descending scale that gives the team with the lowest point total (18.5%) the best chance to win the draft lottery.  

It's a way to discourage teams from deliberately losing to get a better draft pick.
Your eyes are made up of a bunch of different things. 

Your iris and sclera (the muscles that open and close your eyes to let light in) contract and dilate to let more light into your eyes.  This causes the tears in your eye to be released, which causes the iris to dilate, which allows more light to enter your eye.

When your eyes are dilated, the blood vessels in your iris constrict, causing the blood to flow out of your eye and into your skin. This causes your skin to paling, which makes it appear red
You can buy stocks in the US, but not in the UK. 

In the UK, you have to go through the UK Stock Exchange, which is regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA).

If you want to buy stocks from a company abroad, you need to register with the FCA.  You need to go to the company's website and fill out a form.  If you don't have a FCA form, you can't buy stocks.  The FCA will not allow you to do so.

You can also go to a stock exchange in Hong Kong,
Nickelback are a country band from Texas.  They are known for their catchy songs, catchy hooks, and catchy hooks.  

They are also known for overuse of themes involving strippers, sex, prostitutes, drugs, and alcohol consumption, and for the repetitive and formulaic nature of their music.
If you shine a torch at someone the other side of a two-way mirror, the light will bounce off of their face and bounce off the mirror. 

If you do this with a normal mirror, you will see the light bouncing off of the mirror and bouncing off the other person's face.
I think it has to do with the fact that when you talk on your phone, you're using the microphone to record the sound waves coming out of your mouth. When you're talking, your ear drums are vibrating, which causes your voice to vibrate as well. 

When you're not using a phone, your ears are not vibrating as much as they are when you're speaking, so your voice vibrates more.
When the car is running, the alternator (the alternator is the power source of the car's alternator) is connected to a battery. The alternator has a circuit that connects to the ignition switch. When the ignition is turned on, it sends a signal to the car to start the engine. If the car isn't running, it shuts off the engine, and the car doesn't have enough power to start it.

The alternator also has a "wait to start" circuit, which is the circuit that tells the car that it needs to wait for the engine to start before it can start
Sushi is not safe to eat raw. 

It's not safe because it contains toxins.  It's safe because the toxins are not present in the fish.

Sushi chefs are trained to recognize the presence of toxins in the food and remove them from the fish before serving it.
Hitler was the leader of the National Socialists, the party of the Nazis. They were the party that was in power in Germany at the time, and they were in power because they were the most powerful party in the country.

Hitler's policies were based on the belief that the German people were the rightful rulers of the country, and that the Jews were a threat to the German race. He wanted to wipe out the Jews from the face of the earth.
They don't have cars, they have to drive. 

They also have to be on the road at all hours of the day.
Batteries are chemical reactions that happen in the electrolyte of the battery. The electrolyte is made up of zinc, lead, copper, and other metals. When the battery is discharged, the zinc and lead start to form a chemical reaction with each other. This reaction is called electrolysis.

When the zinc is dissolved in water, it starts to form zinc sulfate crystals, which are then dissolved in a solution of hydrogen sulfate. This is what corrodes the metal.
It's not an FBI concern when the woman happens to be an actress. It's a concern when they happen to be a regular person.
It depends on what you mean by talent.

For example, if you want to learn something, you need to be able to think critically.  You need to have a good understanding of how things work.  If you don't know how to think, you can't do it.  That's why you have to learn how to read and write.  When you learn to read, you have a lot of time to think about it and develop your understanding of the concepts.  It's like how you have time to read a book, but when you read it, you also need time to write it
Coriander has a lot of saponins in it. The saponin is what makes it taste soapy.
It would be a lot of work and cost. 

A 6-CD changer would require a lot more power than a 4-CD one.  It would also require a huge amount of space to hold all the discs.

There's also the issue of the amount of time it would take to change a single disc.  If you were trying to make a game console that could hold multiple discs at the same time, you'd need to have a huge number of people working on it.
The burqa ban is not a security issue, it's a cultural issue. 

It's not that they don't want women to wear burqas in public, they just don't think it's appropriate for women to do so.
Time is a measure of the distance between two points in space. 

If you look at a clock, you can see that it is moving in the same direction, but if you take a picture of it, you will see that the clock is going in the opposite direction.

This is because time is measured by measuring how fast the clock moves, and how long it takes for the clock to move from one point to the other. 


Time is also measured by the speed of light, which is the speed at which light travels through space.
The first prpgramming language was invented in the early 1900s. 

It was the result of a group of linguists who were trying to figure out how to make a language that could be used to communicate with each other.

They decided that they would start with a few words that were easy to understand, and then use them to form sentences.  They called it "lexigramming".

The first language they came up with was called "Yerkish".  It was a combination of the words "yerkish" and "Yerkish" which means "
The battery is connected to a coil of wire. 

When you roll the battery around a couple of times in the back of the remote, it causes the wire to get tangled up in the coil, which causes it to stop working.
Your blood pressure is regulated by two different things. 

1. Your heart pumps blood into your blood vessels.  This is called atrial natriuretic peptide (ATP).

2. Your blood vessels are regulated by the sympathetic nervous system.  When your heart beats too fast, it causes the blood vessels in your arteries to constrict, which causes your blood pressure to rise.

When your heart is too slow, your kidneys are not able to pump enough blood to your heart, so your heart has to pump less blood into the arteries.  Your kidneys are also not able
The US economy favors big businesses over small ones. 

Larger companies have a lot of money and a lot more resources.  They have the ability to hire more people, buy more equipment, and have more access to higher paying jobs.

Small businesses don't have that kind of money, and they can't hire as many people.
There are different measurements for everything but time. 

For example, if you want to know how long it takes for a piece of paper to travel from one place to another, you need to know the length of the paper.  If you know the distance between the paper and the paper, you can calculate how long the paper has to travel, but if you don't know that distance, then you can't calculate how much time it takes to travel.

The same thing is true for time. You can calculate the distance from one point to another by looking at a clock.  But if you look
It's called melatonin. Melatonin is a hormone produced by the pineal gland in the hypothalamus. When you sleep, your body releases melatonin, which makes your brain think you're asleep. 

When you wake up in the morning, your brain sends a signal to your hypothalamus telling it that it's time to go back to sleep.
Yes, there are dumb dolphins and genius ants, as well as dumb ants. 

Dolphins and ants are not the same thing.

They are different animals, and their brains are different.  They have different levels of intelligence, and they have different ways of thinking.  There is a lot of variation in the amount of brain tissue and the size of the cerebrum (the part of the brain that connects the brain to the rest of the body) in non-human animals.  It's not that they are dumb, it's that their brains aren't built the same way as ours
Your skin is made up of lipid bilayers, which are made of proteins and fats. When you eat sugar, it breaks down the lipid bilayer, which causes your skin to become greasy and break down.
There is a lot of sand on the coast. 

The ocean is full of water, and it's constantly replenishing itself.

It's also full of sediment, and the water is constantly being washed away by the tides.  This is why there are so many dunes on the beach.
They are made of rubber that has a layer of rubber between the tread and the rim of the tire. When the tire is heated up, the rubber expands, making more surface area on the pavement, which increases the amount of surface area available for the tire to work with. 

When the tire cools down, it expands again, and the surface area is reduced. This allows the tires to have a larger surface area, which allows them to work better with the track surface.
Trams are a form of public transportation, not a private business.

They are a public service, and are regulated by the government, not the private sector. 

It is not illegal for a private company to operate a trolley, but it is illegal for them to operate trams without a permit.
They don't make money from giving away money everyday, they make money by selling ads. 

They make money when people buy stuff from them.
It's not safe.

Torrents are encrypted, but they're not 100% secure. 

If you're downloading a torrent, you're using a protocol called Transmission Control Protocol (TCP), which is a protocol that uses encryption to send and receive data over the Internet.  It's a protocol designed to allow you to send information over the internet without leaving any trace of your connection to the server.  If you're trying to send a torrent to someone else, you can't use TCP, because it's not secure enough.  You can use UDP, which uses encryption, but it's
It's a cultural thing.  It's not taboo because it's bad for you, it's taboo because there's no good reason for it to be taboo.
Card Against Humanity is not a parody. It is a parody of Cards Against Humanity. 

The reason they have not been sued is because they don't want to be sued.  They don't think they are being sued for copyright infringement, they are suing for trademark infringement.
Your body has a system called the hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal axis (which controls reactions to stress and regulates body functions such as digestion, the immune system, mood, sex, or energy usage) while suppressing growth hormones. 

When you sleep, your body releases cortisol, which is a hormone that regulates your body's metabolism. When you don't get enough sleep, you're not getting enough cortisol, so your body can't produce enough glycogen, which your body uses to fuel your body.

This means that your body has to go through a process called glycogen depletion.
The moon is home to a lot of resources that could be used to make things that we can't make on Earth.  It's also home to some of the most advanced materials known to man.  We could use it to make rockets and spacecraft.  The moon is also a good place to study the history of our planet.
It's a myth. 

In the 18th and 19th century, there was an outbreak of vampirism in the Habsburg Monarchy in East Prussia, which spread to other parts of Europe.

There were a lot of people who believed that they were being staked by a vampire, and they were staked because they didn't want to be accused of being a vampire.
Incorporated is a legal entity that is owned by one or more people.

Limited Liability Companies (LLCs) are legal entities that are owned by a group of people, but not by the people who own the company.
Python code is written in a language called C. 

C is a programming language that is used by a lot of web developers.  It's a lot like C++, except that it's written in C.

Python is a scripting language.  When you write code in Python, you're writing it in a file called a "file".  That file is then sent to a web server, which then sends it to your browser.  The web server then sends the file to your computer, which in turn sends it back to the web server.  That's how the code gets sent to
Chemotherapy works because it causes apoptosis, which is a programmed process that causes the cell to stop dividing. 

Chemotherapy is not just pumping poison into your body, it's also causing apoptosis in the cells that are causing the cancer to divide, which causes them to die.
Heat is one of the most abundant energy sources, but we don't have an efficient way of harnessing it yet. 

We don't even know how efficient we can harness it yet, we're still trying to figure out how to use it.

There are a lot of things we could do with heat, but the most efficient way to harness it is to use heat as a heat sink, which is a way to turn it into electricity, but that's not a practical way to do it.
The freezer is on the bottom, and the fridge on the top.  

When you open the freezer door, you're opening the door to the outside air, which is warmer than the inside air.  This causes the temperature of the air in the freezer to rise.  When you close the door, it's colder than the air inside the fridge.

The reason for this is that the freezer is in direct contact with the inside of the fridge, so that it can be cooled without the need for a compressor.
Dentists are required to take x-rays because they are required by law to do so. 

The reason they do it is because they want to be able to tell if there is any damage to the teeth or not.
We could plant trees to help convert it to oxygen and try to make it a habitable planet. 

The problem is that the atmosphere is 95% CO2, and we don't have enough water to convert that to O2.
Facial hair is a sign of maturity. It's a sign that you're past puberty, which is when men grow facial hair and women don't.
Metahumor is a term used to refer to a person who has a mutation that causes them to be able to do things that other people can't. 

In the DC universe, the term is used in the animated series Static Shock.

A metamutant gene is a gene that causes a person to have a mutation in their DNA that allows them to do some things that others can't do. For example, they can be born with a genetic mutation that makes them able to walk on two legs, but they can't walk on three legs. 


This mutation is called a
When you are nervous, your body releases adrenaline, which causes your muscles to contract. This causes your hands to tremble and shake.
The older you get, the less significant you feel compared to the rest of society. 

There are many reasons for this, but the main one is that you have more time to reflect on your life and reflect on what you have achieved and what you want to do with your life.

When you are young, you have a lot of time to think about how important you are to society, and how much of an impact you have on it.  When you are older, you don't have as much time to do that.  You have to focus on how much you have to contribute to society
Because they are for profit entities. 

If you want to be a non-profit, you have to pay taxes on all of your income.  If you are a for-profit entity, you don't have to do that.
Because we haven't been to the moon in over 40 years.

Mars has a lot more resources than the moon, and it's a place where we could easily establish a permanent habitation.
The advantage is that you can see the movie in a wider field of view. 

The disadvantage is that the image quality is not as good as it would be if you were watching it on a normal cinema screen.
An editorial is an opinion piece written by the senior editorial staff or publisher of a newspaper.

A sponsored article is an article written by a company that wants to get their name on the front page of the paper. 

An advertorial is a column written by an advertiser.  It's written by someone who wants their name in the paper, but doesn't want to be associated with it.
I think it has to do with the saltiness of the potato itself.

French fries are made with deep fried potatoes, which have more salt in them than potato chips.
Batteries are usually rated in kilowatt hours (KWh) or watt hours (Wₚ).

Power from lines is measured in watts, or joules per second.

A battery is usually measured in Ampere hours (A⋅h) or A·h, which is a unit related to the energy storage capacity of the battery.
It's called an inert gas inflation system.

Basically, the air in the slide is compressed by the weight of the plane, and the pressure of the air causes it to expand. 

When the plane hits the ground, the pressure in the air is released, and it pushes the air out of the slide, causing it to inflate. 


_URL_0_
We don't use hand sanitizer because it doesn't cause bacterial resistance.

We use hand soaps because they are so effective and don't cause bacteria resistance.
You can be biologically predispositioned to have a phobia. 

It's called a "pre-programmed" phobia, and it's caused by something your brain has learned to react to.

For example, if you have a fear of being trapped in a tight space, it's because your body has learned that if you are trapped, you will suffocate, and if you don't get out of there, you'll die.
I think it's because you're constipated. When you get closer to the bathroom, your intestines contract, which causes you to feel like you're going to explode. 

_URL_0_
Laser cooling works by slowing down the rate at which the atoms move. 

Think of it like this: Imagine you have a glass of water.  If you want to cool it down, you want it to be as cold as possible.  You want to make it so cold that it can't be heated by the sun.  So you put a laser in the middle of the glass, and use it to heat it up.  When the light hits it, it causes the glass to cool down.  This is called "radiative cooling".

When you use a laser, you
We have a higher rate of aging than other species. 

Our body has a lot of genes that code for slow aging, which often translates to good cellular repair, which means that our body can repair itself more quickly than other animals.

We also have a lot more genes that allow us to live longer, which is why we can live longer.
The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has regulations against false advertising, but they also state that advertainment does not make ‘objective claims’ about a product, so the rules do not apply. 

The FTC also has rules against unfair competition, which is when a company uses the word “free” to refer to a competitor’s product, but the FTC doesn’t enforce those rules.

There are other laws against false advertisement, but those are not enforceable by the FTC.
Drones have been around for a long time, and have been used for a lot of different things. 

They are cheap, they are easy to operate, and they are very easy to maintain.

Drones are useful because they can be used for things that are difficult to do with other aircraft.  For example, if you want to fly a helicopter, you need to know where it is.  Drones are much easier to use because they don't need to be tethered to anything.  They are also much cheaper than helicopters, so they are much cheaper to operate.
The surface tension of the water causes the water to spread out. 

When you hit the surface of a pool of water, the surface tension is so low that it doesn't really affect the flow of water as much as if you were standing on a dry surface.
The Second Amendment protects the right to keep and bear arms for self defense.

There is no reason for the government to have strict gun laws.
It's because our eyes have three kinds of cone cells that sense light: rods, cones, and rods. The rods are more sensitive to blue light than the cones, so they are used to detecting blue light. The cones are also used to detect red light, but the cones are not as sensitive to red light as the rods.

The cones are used for night vision because the rods are less sensitive to light that is longer than the cone, which is why you can't see red light in the dark, but you can see green light.
It's not illegal to pull the plug on someone who is brain dead, it's illegal to remove life support. 

It's legal to turn off the ventilator if the patient is on life support or in a coma.
Because he was the one that approached Trayvon, not the other way around. 

The "stand your ground" law protects you from being arrested for resisting an unlawful arrest.  It's not a law that says you can't defend yourself, it says that you can only defend yourself if you are in a situation where you are reasonably likely to be injured or killed.
I think it has to do with the fact that writing in the first person tends to be a more natural way to express ideas and feelings. 

It's also because it's easier to write in first person than in second person.  If you write in the third person, it's harder for the reader to understand what you're trying to say.  It's also easier for a reader to read a first person story than it is for a second person story.
Because it's easier to remember than to remember. 

It's also easier to change your password than it is to remember the password.

If you keep changing your password every time you log in, it's harder for someone to figure out your password.
Cannabis is a plant that has a lot of different terpenes in it. 

THC is the psychoactive part of the plant, and CBD is the non-psychoactive part.

The difference between the two types of cannabis is the amount of THC and CBD in the plant.  THC is what makes you feel high, CBD is what gives you the feeling of euphoria.
It's called the Chinese restaurant syndrome. It's caused by the fact that you're not getting enough oxygen to your sinuses. When you go without food, your blood vessels dilate, causing a headache.
Masterkeys are a set of keys that can be programmed to do things. 

For example, if you have a keyboard that has 100 keys, you can program it to say "F11" or "F12" or whatever you want.

If you have 100 keys that have 100 key combinations, you could program the keyboard to say something like "F13" or something like that.
It's a form of protest. It's a way to get the attention of the people in charge of the organization you are part of. 

If you're the CEO of a company, you can be fired if you don't do what you're supposed to do.  If you're a member of the board of directors, you're fired because the board doesn't want you there.  You can't be fired because you're not doing what your job is supposed to be done.

When you resign, the board can't fire you, because they don't want to lose you.  They
Insurance is a system where you pay a set amount of money to a company, and they pay it back to you. 

If you don't have insurance, you can't pay a bill, but you can still face a medical bill, how come insurance doesnt cover it?
Puerto Rico is not a state. It is a territory. 

It is part of the United States, but it is not an independent state.
There is a way to prevent white hairs, but it's not very effective. 

Your body produces melanin, which is the pigment that gives your skin its colour. When you get older, your body stops producing melanin and your hair stops producing it. This is why you get white hairs.

If you have a genetic mutation that causes you to have white hair, it's called [Melanocortin 1](_URL_0_). It's a protein that binds to the Melanocyte-stimulating hormone (MSH), which is released by the pituitary gland,
Dogs are social animals. They are social because they need to be around other dogs to be able to find their mates. 

They are also social animals because they want to be with other dogs.

If you have a dog that doesn't want to have sex with you, it's because it doesn't feel like it's the right time.
Bluetooth dongles are used to transmit audio signals over the airwaves. 

Mice and keyboards are wired, so they need a separate dongle to connect to the computer.
The army would disband, and the government would have to appoint a new army to replace them. 

There are a lot of reasons why this would happen, but the most obvious is that the army is a symbol of the government's power. If the army were to disband, it would be seen as an act of rebellion against the government, which would lead to a civil war.
It's not like so many threads per square inch or something, it's like that many pieces of individual threads throughout the entire sheet?
They don't. 

If one of them changes course, the other will change course as well.

It's just a matter of time.
It's called bioluminescence. When you shine a light on an animal's eyes, it causes the pigment in their iridophores to glow. The pigment is made of melanin, which is a pigment that absorbs light and turns it into a darker color.
The cartels have been around for a long time. 

In the early days of the Mexican drug war, the government was able to crack down on the cartels, but it wasn't enough to wipe them off the face of the planet.  They were too large and spread out, and the cartels were too well organized to be wiped out by a single military force.
Your body has a circadian rhythm. It's a cycle of waking up and going to sleep at different times. 

When you're awake, your body releases a hormone called melatonin, which makes you feel tired. When you're asleep, it's released by your body, which causes you to feel energized.

If you spend 16 hours a day doing something else, you're not going to feel tired, because your body's circadian rhythm is messed up.
Your eyes are the eyes of your brain. When you close your eyes, your brain shuts down the part of the brain responsible for seeing and hearing. When your eyes are open, you're using your eyes to see and hear, and your brain is using them to focus.
The QB rating is a measure of how well a quarterback throws the ball.  

It's based on the number of passes thrown, completions, yards, touchdowns and interceptions.  It ignores sacks, fumbles, designed runs and scrambles, which punishes mobile QB’s.
Fur is made of pigments called melanin. Melanin is a pigmented substance that absorbs light and reflects it back to your skin. 

Humans have a lot of melanin in our skin, but not enough in our fur, so we don't get the same effect.
DNA methylation is a measure of how much time has passed since you were born. 

If you have a DNA sample of a person's DNA, you can determine the age of the person based on the amount of methylation in their DNA.

The DNA methylation rate increases as you age, so if you take a sample of someone's DNA and compare it to the DNA of another person, you will find that they have the same amount of CpG dinucleotides, which tells you how old they are.
When the display backlight comes on, the electrons in the backlight are bouncing off of the screen, causing it to vibrate.

When the screen is off, it's not vibrating. It's vibrating because the screen's phosphors are vibrating, and the vibrations cause the electrons to bounce off the screen.
Because 9mm has a larger case, which means that it has more capacity and can be loaded with heavier bullets.

9mm is also lighter than.40 or.45, meaning that it is easier to load with heavier loads.
I think it's going to be a disaster. 

Sweden is already a cashless society, and it's not going to get any better.

It's not like they're going to stop using cash, they're just going to make it more difficult for people to use it.
The 100 dollar bill has been in circulation for a long time, and has been used for a lot of different things. 

1. It's a security measure.

2. It reduces the amount of time it takes for a bill to be printed, which means it can be printed more quickly.
3. It makes it easier for the government to keep track of how many bills are in circulation.
4. It prevents counterfeits.
5. It keeps the government from printing too many bills.
6. It also reduces the number of counterfeit bills.
The government uses email for a variety of reasons. 

1. It's a way for the government to keep track of who is doing what, when, and where.  It's also a way to keep in touch with the people who work for them.  If you're a member of Congress, for example, and you want to know what's going on in your district, you can email your congressperson and find out what they're up to.

2. It helps the government keep in contact with people who are working for them, so that they can get the information they need.
It's a combination of things. 

1. The server is connected to the internet.

2. It's connected to a network, which is a lot more powerful than the server itself. 


3. It has a lot of storage space, which means that it needs to be able to hold more data than it can handle.


4. It needs to keep up with the amount of data it has to store, which requires more storage space than it has available to it

5. It can't handle the number of requests that are coming in at any given time.
It's not reflective or white, it's reflective. 

It's black because it absorbs more light than white.
I think it's an 8-pind DIN or MBUS connection. 

I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm assuming it's a DIN/MBUS connection, and I'm guessing it's the same type of connection you get when you plug in your car's aux cord.
Poppy seed tea contains a lot of DMT, which is a psychoactive hallucinogen. 

Poppy seeds are not as toxic as DMT.
Africa is still a mess. 

It's not the mess we're told it is.  It's a mess because it's a huge continent with a lot of people who are poor and have no access to basic services.
A short circuit is caused by a spark. 

A lightbulb is not a short circuit.  It is a series of wires connected to each other.  When the bulb is turned on, the wires are connected to the ground.  The ground is the same voltage as the bulb.  If the ground is too high, the current will flow through the bulb, but if it is too low, it will stop flowing.

If the ground voltage is low enough, the bulb will not be able to draw enough current to cause a short-circuit.  
 
The ground
It's a combination of things. 

1. Password managers use a random password generator, which generates a unique password for each user.

2. They store the password in a secure keychain, which can be used to store passwords for other sites. 


3. Most password managers store passwords in a database that can be accessed by anyone, so that if someone tries to access your account, they can't.
Your body has a circadian rhythm. Your body is set up to go to sleep at a certain time and wake up at a specific time. 

When you wake up in the middle of the night, your body is trying to get back to that sleep cycle.  Your body releases melatonin, which is a hormone that makes you feel tired.  When you go to bed at night, you're not producing enough melatonin to get you back to the sleep cycle, so you're waking up at the wrong time.
If you drank enough beer to kill yourself, you would die of dehydration. Your body would stop producing enough electrolytes to keep you alive. Your kidneys would stop working, and your heart would stop pumping blood to your brain, which would cause you to die.
When you pour water over dry ice, the ice is freezing, and the water is being heated by the heat of the ice, which causes it to sublimate. 

When the ice melts, the water evaporates, and that's when the steam is created.

_URL_0_
Comcast is trying to buy Time Warner Cable. 

Time Warner Cable is a media company.  It's owned by Time Warner.  Comcast is a cable company.

Comcast has a lot of cable channels.  They have cable channels like HBO, Showtime, Comedy Central, etc.  But they don't have as much content as Time Warner does.  This means that they can charge a lot more for their content.  If they were to buy all of Time Warner's content, they would be able to charge more for it.  That's why they're trying to get the government
The difference between a Bachelor's degree and a Master's degree is that the Bachelor of Science (B.S.) degree is a 4 year degree, the Master of Science is a 2 year degree. 

The difference is that a B.S. degree is in education, and a PhD is in research.

A Bachelor of Arts degree is an Associate of Science degree, which is a 3 year degree that is equivalent to a Bachelor of Engineering degree. It is similar to a Bachelors of Science, but it is in a different field of study, and requires more time and effort than a Bachelor
Credit unions are not regulated by the Federal Reserve, so they are not subject to the same rules as banks. 

Credit unions do not have to follow the same regulations as banks, but they are required to follow a set of rules that are set by the Financial Services Authority (FSCS).

The FSCS is a regulatory body that regulates banks and credit unions.  It is not the same as the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC), but it is similar in that it regulates them.

A credit union is a non-profit organization that is owned by its members.  They
I think it has to do with the way the video files are encoded. 

Snapchat videos are stored in a format called ".3GP", which is the format used by the video encoding software.

When you take a snapchat video, the video file is stored in "3GP" which is a file format that is used to encode the video.  This file is then sent to the phone, which is then decompressed and played back to the video player, which then plays the video back to your phone.  When you watch the video, you can see that the video is encoded in
I think it's because they're trying to get people to pay more for something they don't really need. 

Bacon is a staple of the bacon sandwich, so it's not like it's a bad thing to add it to a burger for $1.
Kafkaesque is a term used to describe the writing style of George Orwell.

Orwell is known for his use of cliches. 

For example:

_URL_0_
The cars used are far from being "stock". 

A stock car is a car that is made by a manufacturer that sells it to the general public.  It's not a car made by the manufacturer, it's a car built by a company that makes it.

For example, the Ford Focus ST is a Ford, but it's made by Ford.  The Chevy SS is a Chevy, but they're made by Chevy.  They're not "stock" because they're built by Ford, they're just made by another manufacturer.  


A modified car, on the other
It's the most common way to generate electricity. 

If you want to turn a wheel, you need to turn it in the opposite direction to the direction of the rotation of the earth.  If you turn the wheel in the other direction, you can use the momentum of the bicycle and the rider's leg to overcome it.
The syringes will be made out of something like polypropylene or polyethylene. 

Polypropylene is an oil-based material, but it's not very strong.  It's not strong enough to hold up to the weight of a syringe, so it will be replaced by something stronger.
Your eyes have a lens in the back of each eye. When you look at something far away, the light from the sun hits your cornea, which is the part of your eye that focuses the light. When the light hits your eye, it bends the light so that it hits your fovea (the center of your retina). This causes the light to bounce off of the back part of the retina and onto the front part, which you see as a sharp image.

When you're looking at an object at a distance, your eye constricts the pupil, making it shorter and narrower. This
I think it has to do with the fact that the laws were written in the days before the invention of the printing press. 

Back then, if you were caught stealing a piece of property, you were going to be fined, and if you didn't pay the fine, you would be put to death.

In modern times, the law is written in a way that makes it easier to prove that you committed a crime, and it's easier to convict someone of a crime than it was in the old days.
They don't.

Flies have very small heads, so they don't have the same amount of mass as a human head. 

They also have very little mass compared to a human's head, so the force of the impact is negligible.
I'm not an expert, but I'll try to explain it as best I can.

Bitcoin is a digital currency.  It's a peer-to-peer currency, which means that it's run by a bunch of people who work together to verify the validity of the blockchain, which is a ledger of all the transactions that have been made on the network.  

The blockchain is the ledger of every transaction that has ever been made.  Every time a new transaction is made, a new block is added to the blockchain.  The first transaction in a block is a special transaction that produces
Client-side encryption is when you send a message to a server and the server decrypts it for you. 

End-to-end encryption is where the server encrypts the message for you, and you decrypt it for them.
It depends on the story. 

If it's true, they can report on it.  If it's not true, then they can sue.  They can sue for libel, slander, defamation, libelous libel, defamation of character, slanderous libel and slanderous slander.  It doesn't matter if they're innocent or guilty.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm guessing it has something to do with traffic management.

When you have a lot of traffic coming in at once, your ISP has to make sure that they have enough capacity to handle all of it. 

If you have lots of traffic in a given area, and you're trying to get from one end of the country to the other, you're going to need a lot more bandwidth to handle it all.  If you're in a rural area, you might not have access to as much bandwidth as you would in a city, so
The US is a founding member of the World Trade Organization (WTO) and the International Monetary Fund (IMF). 

The WTO was created after World War II, and the IMF was established after the fall of the USSR.

Both organizations were set up by the United States, but the US was the first to join them.  
 
The US was also the first country to join the GATT (General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade), which is a group of countries that set up a set of rules on trade and investment.  The GATT was set up in order to
Dopamine is a neurotransmitter that is released in the mesolimbic pathway, which is the part of the brain responsible for regulating mood and emotions.

Alcohol is a depressant, so it affects the neurotransmitters in the brain that are responsible for dopamine release. 

When you drink alcohol, it causes your body to release dopamine, which causes your brain to release GABA, which inhibits the release of glutamate, which increases dopamine levels.
It depends on the show and the format of the show. In reality shows, they interview contestants during time bound events. In the case of a reality show, they usually have a camera crew on hand to film the contestants as they go about their day, and then they use the camera crew to record them as they talk to the producers and the producers use the cameras to record the interviews.
When you change gears in a manual transmission, you are using the throttle pedal to push the engine into a higher gear.  When you do this, you're pushing down on the clutch to increase the speed of the engine.  This causes the sprockets to slow their revolutions per minute (RPM), which causes the engine to slow down.  

In a CVT (automatic transmission), you're using the clutch pedal to pull the engine out of a lower gear, which causes it to drop down to a lower RPM.  You're also using the accelerator to push up the engine, which increases
They have three pairs of abdominal organs that produce electricity: the main organ, the Hunter's organ, and the Sach's organ. These organs make up 4 fifths of its body, and give the electric eel the ability to generate two types of electric organ discharges: low voltage and high voltage.

The low voltage ones are used to detect and locate prey. The high voltage ones use to stun or paralyze the prey.
Drowning is when your body shuts down.  Your heart stops beating, your lungs stop working, your brain stops working, and your muscles stop working.

It's like when you fall into a pool of water and you can't feel anything.
Beef, pork, and salmon are all animals that have been slaughtered and processed. 

Beef and pork have been cooked to a higher temperature than salmon, which means that the bacteria in the meat will not be able to survive that long.

Salmon, on the other hand, has been processed to a much lower temperature than beef, so the bacteria can't survive the higher temperature. 


Poultry, however, have been processed in such a way that they don't have to be cooked to the same temperature as beef, and the bacteria that cause food poisoning are not present in the
It's not really a science, it's just a fashion statement. 

When you drink beer, you're drinking CO2, which is a naturally occurring gas.  When you drink too much CO2 you're dehydrating your eyes, and this dehydrates your vision.

So when you're drunk, your eyes are dehydrated, and the CO2 in the beer makes it harder for your eyes to see.
Streaming is not downloading something temporarily.

When you're downloading something, you're sending it to a server, which is sending it back to your computer.  When you're streaming something, the server is sending the data to you, which you're receiving.  It's like transferring a file from one computer to another.
The thickness of the string is a measure of the stiffness of the wood.  The more stiffness a string has, the more it can vibrate, and the louder it will sound.  

If you have a string that is thinner than the rest of the body, it will vibrate at a lower frequency than if it is thicker.  This is because it has a higher modulus, which means that it vibrates at a higher frequency.

When you have strings that are thicker, they are vibrating at higher frequencies.  If they are thinner, they vibrate lower frequency, which is
Water molecules are attracted to each other. 

When water hits a surface, it binds to the molecules that are already there.

The water molecules are not attracted to the same molecules, they're attracted to different groups of molecules, and the water molecules have different properties, so they have different interactions with each other, and those different interactions cause the water to stick to the surface. 


This is why some things are sticky and some are slippery, because the water is attracted to a different group of molecules than other water molecules.
I think it has to do with the way your brain interprets the movement of your fingers. If you drum your fingers from pinky to forefinger, you're using the muscles at the back of your hand to control your thumb movement, but if you do it in the opposite direction, you are using your fingers to control the movement at the front of your wrist.
You can make anti-matter by heating up a bunch of antiprotons and neutrons. 

The antiproton is made up of antiquarks that combine with quarks in either neutrons or protons, resulting in high-energy pions, that quickly decay into high energy pions.
Pilots are trained to negotiate course changes to avoid colliding with each other. 

If you are flying in the same direction as another aircraft, and you are going the same speed, you will have to change your course.  If you are traveling at the same altitude, and the other aircraft is going the opposite direction, you have to adjust your course to keep up with them.

The best way to do this is to use your altitude to determine the distance between you and the aircraft ahead of you.  This is done by looking at the altitude of the aircraft in front of you, and
When you are aroused, the blood vessels in your vagina and clitoris constrict, which causes blood to flow to your clitoris and the labia minora. This causes them to swell, which leads to increased blood flow to the vaginal walls, which makes them wet.
It's not a law, it's a regulation. 

The bill says that the government *can* sell your browsing data to third party companies, but they have to get your consent before they do so.

This is a good thing, because it means that they don't have to ask you to give them your permission to do so, and they can sell it to whoever they want.
They don't check over 100 files a second for all known viruses.

They check for known viruses, they check for ones that are known to have been modified.
Inactive ingredients are chemicals that are not active. 

For example, acetylsalicylic acid is an active ingredient in ibuprofen, but it's inactive because it's an anti-inflammatory.

Paracetamol is an analgesic, but its active ingredient is acetylcholine, which is an antihistamine.  It's active because it is a diuretic.
Black Holes are not spherical.

A black hole is a spherical region in space that surrounds the singularity at its center; it is not a spherical object itself. 

If you look at a black hole, you will see that it is a disk of gas.  The center of the disk is called the event horizon.  This is the part of space that is surrounded by the black hole.  It is not the center itself.
Chemical injections are more humane and **way** cheaper.

Electrocution is less humane because it requires a lot more energy to shock the prisoner, and because it is more difficult to kill someone. 

Noose and firing squads are less effective because they require a lot of energy to kill a person.
I don't know about you, but I think it has something to do with evolution. 

Insects have two eyes because they need to be able to see the world around them.  They are adapted to live in a small space, so they need two eyes.

Humans, on the other hand, don't need 2 eyes because we need them to see things far away, so we need one eye to see them.
It's made of protein. 

It is made up of a protein called sericin, which is a heavy chain with a repeated hydrophobic and crystallizable sequence: Gly-Ala-Gly-AlA-GLY-X (X stands for Ser or Tyr).

The spiders use it to make their webs, which they then use to catch their prey.

They also use their silk to wrap their offspring in their webs to protect them from predators.
The pipes are made of copper, and the copper is corroded and corroded over time. This corroding causes the pipes to vibrate, which makes the pipes vibrate.

When the pipes are corroded, they vibrate in a similar way to a hammer tapping on a hollow metal pipe.
The British were fighting the Americans, not the other way around. 

It was the British who started the Revolutionary War, and it was the Americans who fought the British.
It's called hypnagogic hallucinations, and it's caused by a disconnect between your brain and your body. When you're in sleep, your brain thinks you're being suffocated, so it sends signals to your body to try to free you, but your body doesn't want to move, so you're paralyzed. 

When you wake up, you're still paralyzed, but you can't move. You can feel a weight on your chest, which your brain interprets as an unearthly being sitting on you.
It's called the [Mpemba effect](_URL_0_).

Hot water freezes faster than cold water because it absorbs more heat. 

When you shake cold water, it causes the water molecules that are least able to bend to form ice crystals to expand and contract, which causes it to freeze faster.
"Optimization" is not the same as "optimal" in PC lingo.

"Optimal" is the root of the word "optimization".

In computer lingo, "optimized" means "to make something more efficient". 

For example, if you have a program that takes a lot of time to run, you might want to reduce the amount of time it takes for it to run.  This is usually done by reducing the size of the program.  For example, let's say you want to make your program run on a computer that has a lot
When you breathe naturally, your diaphragm is used to push air out of your lungs. When you inhale, you're using the muscles in your chest and abdomen to pull the rib cage upwards and outwards, which pulls the ribcage down, decreasing the volume of the thoracic cavity. 

When you exhale, your muscles are used to pull air back into your lungs, increasing the volume.
When you're tired, your muscles don't have enough energy to do the work they are designed to do. 

When you are active, your body has to use a lot of energy to keep your muscles functioning properly.  When you are tired, you have to use less energy to maintain your muscles.
The First Amendment protects free speech.

The EPA is a government agency, not a free speech organization. 

It's not a violation of free speech for the POTUS to put a gag order on the EPA.
It's not a Schedule 1 drug, it's a Schedule IV drug. 

It's a drug that has been designated by the US government as a Schedule I drug, which means that it's not approved for medical use by the federal government, but is still illegal to possess, grow, sell, or use.
I live in Orange Mound, TN.  It's a small town with a lot of history.  I grew up there and have lived there my entire life.  

It's a nice place to live.  If you're looking for a place to raise a family, it's a great place to do so.  You don't have to worry about traffic, you don't need to deal with traffic jams, you can walk to work and back in the same amount of time as you do now, and it's not too far from where you live, so it's easy to get around
I think it's a bit of a stretch. 

First of all, it's not really a video.  It's more of a compilation of a bunch of people talking at the same time.

Second, there's a lot going on in the video, and it doesn't really make sense.  There are a lot of things going on, but the main thing that's wrong is that the video is edited to make it seem like it's about something else.  This is the first time I've ever seen this happen, and I'm not sure if it's intentional or not.
It's not beneficial to buy your own modem and router because it's cheaper. 

It's beneficial to have your own router because you don't have to deal with the hassle of installing and maintaining a third party ISP's network.  If you have to pay for a router and modem, it's not worth it.
Alcohol is a depressant, but it doesn't have a relaxing effect.

Alcohol lowers blood pressure by inhibiting the release of GABA, which is a neurotransmitter that regulates blood pressure.
I think it's because it's easier to cast one actor/actress to play 2 characters in a show than to cast 2 actors/actresses to play 1 character in some shows (Parent Trap, Quantico)
MDMA is a psychoactive drug.  It is a chemical that causes you to feel euphoric and euphoric.  When you take it, you feel like you are doing something, but you don't know what it is.
When defending a person who is obviously guilty of a crime, the lawyer is supposed to present evidence to support their client's case. 

If the prosecution has presented evidence that the defendant is guilty, then the lawyer should present the evidence against the defendant.  If the defendant has not presented evidence against them, then they should present evidence that they are not guilty.

The lawyer is also supposed to argue that the prosecution is not able to prove the defendant's guilt beyond a reasonable doubt.
The Channel Tunnel was dug out of the ground. 

First, they had to drill a hole in the ground, then they used a boring machine to dig a tunnel.  The hole was dug down to a certain depth, and the water was pumped out of it.

Then, the tunnel was filled in with concrete.  This was done by pouring concrete down to the bottom of the tunnel, and sealing it with a layer of grout.  When the grout is dry, the water can't get through.  So, the concrete is poured into the tunnel and sealed.  Then,
They're not giving the money straight up, they're giving it in exchange for a pledge that they will match your donation.
It's not so hard to completely prevent clipping of 3D models in video games. 

The problem is that the 3D model is made up of a bunch of polygons, which are arranged in such a way that if you move them around the screen, they will all end up on the same side of the screen.

If you move a 3d model from one side to the other, it will always be on the other side, but if you change the position of the model, it won't be on top of the other. If you move the model from the left to the right,
We don't measure the amount of nutrients in a pound of beef, we measure the total amount of protein in it.

Proteins are digested in various ways. 

The Kjeldahl method is a method for measuring the total nitrogen content of protein.  It's based on the fact that proteins are made up of a lot of different molecules, and the KJLDH method is based on measuring the ratio of nitrogen to other molecules in the food.  This means that if you look at the protein content of the food, you'll see that it's divided by the number of
The rules for using square brackets in text are:

1. Use them to mark where a word or phrase was omitted from the original text, or to mark modifications in quotations.

2. Place them at the top and bottom of the text

3. Don't use them as spaces between words

4. Do not use them for punctuation.
When you have water in your ear, it's because it's stuck to the inside of your eardrum, which is the part of your ear that hears sound. When you're underwater, the pressure in your middle ear is lower than the pressure inside your head, so when you're submerged in water, the air pressure in the middle ear doesn't equalize with the pressure outside. This causes the sound waves to stop traveling through your ear.
It's called the [thanatosis](_URL_0_).

Basically, when you're cold, your blood vessels in your extremities constrict, which causes vasodilation and vasoconstriction in the extremities. This causes the blood vessels to dilate, which in turn causes blood to drain out of your brain.

When you freeze, the blood is forced to return to the lower parts of the brain, which is the part that controls the fight or flight response.
Preservatives are chemicals that are added to food to prevent it from spoiling. 

For example, if you have a piece of meat that has been salted and then left out in the sun for a few days, it will start to spoil.

Preservatives can also be used to prevent the growth of bacteria or fungi in the meat, which can lead to bacterial growth and spoilage.
Chewing slows down the process of digesting the food. It increases the surface area of the food, making it easier for enzymes to break down.

When you chew, you're also stimulating your saliva glands to make more saliva. Saliva is a lubricant that helps keep the food from sticking to your tongue.
Farting is a verb, not a noun. 

So if you fart, it's a verb.

If you farted, you're saying "I farted".

It's a noun, so it can be used as a noun or verb.
I think it has to do with cultural norms. 

In the US, extroversion is seen as a sign of intelligence and leadership.  In other cultures, it's seen as an indication of lack of self-worth.
Your nipples are made up of connective tissue (collagen, elastin), white fat, and the suspensory Cooper's ligaments.  These connect to the surrounding tissue to provide support and contain nerves, blood vessels and lymphatic vessels. 

Your nipples also have a terminal lactiferous duct that drains into openings in the nipple.  This is where the milk comes from.
The prescription is just a list of things you need to know about your eyes. 

Astigmatism, for example, is when your eyes are too close to each other.  If you are astigmatist, you need glasses to correct this.

Presbyopia is when you are too far from the center of your vision.  This means that your eyes have a different refractive index, which means that they are not able to focus on the same thing at the same distance.  It's why you have to wear glasses with a wide angle of view, and not a narrow angle.
The Israelis want the Palestinians to give up all of their land, including the West Bank and the Gaza Strip. 

The Palestinians want Israel to give them the right to return to their land.
It's a reflex. 

When you are aroused, your brain sends signals to your brain telling it that something is wrong.  This is called the "fight or flight" response.

Your brain interprets this as "I'm being hurt, I'm not going to be able to do anything about it".

This is why it's a turn on.  Your brain is telling your brain that you're being hurt.  It's telling your body that you need to do something about it.  If you don't want to do it, your body doesn't want you to.
We don't donate blood to save lives, we donate it to keep the blood bank in stock. 

We donate blood because we are told that if we do, we will be able to help people who are in need of blood.

The blood we donate is used to make medications, which are then used to treat diseases.  The drugs are made by separating the components of the blood from the rest of the body.  This process is called fractionation, and is done by a machine called a phlebotomy machine.  It is a machine that takes a sample of blood and separates it
Windows 10 is a new version of the operating system. 

Windows 7 was the last version of Windows to be released in the 90s.  It was the first version to have the ability to do things that were not possible in previous versions of the OS.  For example, it was able to make it easier for you to open windows windows in a new window.  This was a big deal because it meant that you didn't have to worry about windows windows being broken, windows windows would be able to run in a different window, and windows windows could be used in different windows windows.
A 1440p phone has 4GB of RAM, a 1440p monitor has 32GB. 

A phone doesn't need any other internals or programing.
You can think of an entity as a collection of data.  

An entity is a list of things that have a set of attributes.  For example, if you have a car, you might have a number of attributes: _URL_0_

A car is an entity because it has a unique set of unique attributes.

If you want to create a relationship, you can use an entity-relationship diagram.  It shows the relationships between all the elements in the database, and the relationship between each of them.  If you have an entity, you could use it as a
The history of Canada is a bit complicated, but I'll try to break it down in a nutshell.

1. Canada was originally a colony of the United Kingdom. It was divided into two parts, Upper and Lower Canada. 

2. Quebec was part of Upper Canada, which was the British colony, and was ruled by the Governor General of Canada, Lord Durham, who was appointed by the British. 


3. In 1867, the British decided to give Canada a federal government, and Quebec was given the right to vote on whether or not to be part of the new government.
The mirror is made up of two pieces of glass, one reflective and one non-reflective.

When you flip it up, the light from the sun hits the reflective part of the mirror and reflects off of the glass. 

If you flip the mirror back down, the mirror will reflect the light back at you.
The film is old, grainy and grainy because it's made of cellulose acetate film, which is very old. 

When you take a picture of a grainy film, you're using the film as a reference point for the image.  The film itself is not grainy or grainy, it's just the film itself.  When you digitize it, you use a computer to convert the film to a higher resolution, and then you use software to clean up the film.

The film itself isn't grainy at all.  It's just that the film is very
When you hold in your need to pee, your body is telling your brain that you need to urinate, but your brain is telling you that you don't need to. 

When you're aroused, your brain tells your body that you do need to go, so you hold it in.
It's called the [Levator palpebrae superioris](_URL_0_). It's a muscle in the back of your eye that controls the movement of your eyelids. When you hear a loud noise, it triggers it.
Some SSRIs (selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors) can have suicidal thoughts as a side effect. 

It's a very common side effect of SSRI's, but it's not well understood.

There's a lot of speculation about it, but there's not enough evidence to say for certain. 


One theory is that the SSRI can cause a drop in serotonin levels in the brain, which can lead to suicidal thoughts.
Sleep Cycle uses the accelerometer in your phone to measure your heart rate, breathing rate, and heart rate. It uses this data to tell you when you are awake, lightly sleeping, and deeply sleeping.

Sleep Time uses a sensor on your wrist that measures your pulse. It tells the app when you're in a light or deep sleep.
Caramel is made by combining sugar with cream, butterscotch is made with butter, and molasses is made from molasses.
Fiber doesn't make you hungrier, it makes you more likely to eat more. 

Fiber slows down digestion, but it does not make you more hungry.

If you eat a lot of fiber, you will eat more calories, but if you eat too much fiber, it will make you hungry.
I think it's because when we walk, our arms swing in opposite directions to balance out the weight of our legs. 

When you walk, your upper body is trying to keep up with your lower body.  Your arms swing to balance the weight on your legs, so that you don't fall over.
Churches are not separate from the government. They are part of the same entity as any other business. They pay taxes.

Churches do not get special treatment by not paying taxes because they do not have the same rights as other businesses. 

If you are talking about the separation of church and state, there is no such thing as a "church tax" in the United States.  It is a tax on the income of the owner of the business.  The government can tax the business, but they can't tax the owners of the property.
Yes, it is legally binding. 

It's called "qualified privilege" and it protects you from being sued for libel if you make a statement that is deemed defamatory or libelous.

In other words, you can't sue a reporter for saying something "off the record" if it's deemed libelous or defame.
Refrigeration is the process of cooling a space, substance, or system to lower and/or maintain its temperature below the ambient one (while the removed heat is rejected at a higher temperature). In other words, refrigeration means artificial (human-made) cooling.
Because Disney owns the copyright to the character, and they want to protect it as a trademark. 

It's not that they don't want artists to do it, it's that they want people to know that they're doing it.
Mahjong is a Chinese card game. 

The game was originally called 麻雀 (pinyin: máquè)—meaning sparrow—which is still used in some southern dialects.

When Babcock wrote the rules, he simplified the game to make it easier for Americans to take up, and his version was common through the 1920s and 1930s.
Cigarette lighters are lighter than regular car plugs because they are lighter. They are lighter, lighter, and easier to use. 

Car lighters have a shorter cord than regular ones, so they are easier to carry.
I think it's because it's easier to press the start button than the on/off button. If you press it, it will start the game, but if you hold it for a few seconds, it won't start.
It's not a tax, it's a mandate. 

If you don't have health insurance, you can't get a tax break.

It's a penalty for not having health insurance.
Pore strips are made of a thin layer of skin called epidermis, which is the outermost layer of your skin. 

When you pick at your skin, you are damaging it.  Your skin is made up of keratinocytes, which are the cells that make up your pores.  When you scratch the skin, these cells are damaged, and they start to form a scar.  This scar is called a keloid.
The distance between the transmitter and the receiver doesn't make much of a difference. 

The difference is the height of the antenna.

A few feet can make a huge difference in the amount of time it takes for the signal to travel from the transmitter to reach the receiver.
They didn't. 

They were caught and chased by the local law enforcement.  They were tracked down and arrested.
Tor is a network that uses a protocol called the "onion routing" to route your traffic through the internet. 

Basically, it's a way for you to send and receive messages over the internet without anyone else knowing where you are.

It's basically like a proxy, but instead of having a single server, it has a network of "receptors" or "receivers" that are connected to each other, and can relay your message to and from each other. 


_URL_0_

The idea is that if you send a message over the network,
Tongue rolling is the ability to roll the lateral edges of the tongue upwards into a tube.

Some people have a gene that causes their tongue to form a tube shape, and some people don't.
Beards do serve a purpose, but it's not a primary purpose. 

Beards serve a secondary purpose, which is to signal dominance.  It's a way for men to show that they are older and more mature than their younger counterparts, and it's also a way to signal to women that they belong to the group.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'll try my best to explain what's going on.

Basically, the government is trying to pass a law that makes it easier for people to get abortions. 

The problem is that the law was written in such a way that it makes it very difficult for the government to enforce the law, so the government has been unable to pass it. 


This has led to the resignation of the Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi, who is the leader of the centre-right party, and has been accused of corruption.
Non-profit ISPs are regulated by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC).  They are not allowed to discriminate based on the type of traffic they provide.

Net Neutrality is the idea that an ISP must treat all traffic equally.  This means that they can't charge more for faster access to certain content than others.  For example, if you want to access Wikipedia, you have to pay for it.  If you don't want to, you can't.
They do a background check on everyone who gets a security clearance.

It's usually done by the FBI or the Secret Service, but it can be done by other agencies as well. 

The FBI does background checks on people who are applying for security clearances, and if they pass they are given the clearance.
The kilogram is the basic unit of mass, and the newton is the unit of force.

Gram is a unit of weight. 

Weight is the amount of mass in an object, while mass is the force it exerts due to gravity.
It's not about the money, it's about the people who work for the city. The city manager is the chief executive of the city and is responsible for the day-to-day administration of city affairs. 

The city clerk and the city attorney are elected by the citizens, and the judge is appointed by the city council.
Lightning causes a surge of electricity in the air, which causes a drop in voltage in the ground. This is what causes the power to flicker/completely go out.
Your body is made up of a bunch of molecules called proteins. These proteins are the building blocks of your body. When you die, your body breaks down the proteins that make up your body, and the proteins are no longer able to do their job. This is called apoptosis. 

When your body is broken down, it releases chemicals called free radicals. These free radicals can cause damage to your cells, and eventually cause them to die.
I'm not sure what you mean by "special characters you can and can't use for your password". 

It's a combination of factors.

1. The password you're using is probably not unique enough to be guessed.  
2. You're probably using a password that's easy to remember. 
3. You don't want your password to be too long.
4. It's easier to remember than a random password.
5. There are a lot of people who use the same password over and over again.
6. It takes a lot more time to remember
It's called [mudd jeans](_URL_0_). 

Basically, when you wear jeans, you're wearing a thin layer of fabric that is very thin.  When you fall, your skin is rubbing against the fabric, and the friction causes the jeans to rip.  This is why you don't see any signs of it.
It's not the gas that stops working, it's the lighter itself. 

Lighters are made of plastic, and when the plastic wears out, it stops working.

It's a combination of two things:

1. The plastic is corroding, which means that it can no longer hold the heat.
2. The lighter is made of metal, so it can't hold as much heat as it used to.
I think it has to do with the fact that the stereotypical redditor is a jerk. 

_URL_0_
Metric is the standard in most of the world. 

The reason we still use imperial in aviation is because it's easier to understand and easier to use.

Metric has been around for a long time, but it's only recently that we've started to use it for things like navigation.
Acquired tastes are the result of a combination of genetics, environment, and socialization. 

For example, when you're a baby, you're exposed to a lot of sweet and sour foods, and you develop a preference for sweet foods.  When you're older, you start eating more salty foods, because you're used to them.  You're also used to the taste of salt, which is why you prefer saltier foods.
It's not a lower extremity movement, it's a higher one. 

If you put a watch on your leg, you're using your leg as a reference point.  If you put it on your wrist, you'll be using your wrist as your reference point, and your leg will be used as the reference point for the rest of your movement.
Iron in your stomach is used by your digestive tract to help break down food. 

If you have an iron deficiency, your stomach will not be able to absorb enough iron to break down the food, so you will not get sick.
Cocaine can be used as an anesthetic and pain reliever. 

It's not a medical drug, it's a recreational drug.
It's because movies are filmed on 35mm film, which has a wider aspect ratio than TV.

When you watch a movie on TV, you're looking at the bottom of the screen, not the top. 

On film, the top and bottom are the same size, so you can see the top of the film, but the bottom is the same.  So if you want to see the bottom, you need to take a picture of the bottom and the top, and then use the top to show the bottom.  This means that you have to use a bigger camera to take the picture
Buses are much bigger and heavier than cars, so the force of the impact is spread out more evenly across the bus.  

This means that if a bus were to collide with a car, the impact would spread out the force evenly, and the driver would not be able to recover from the impact.

However, because of the size and weight of the bus, there is a lot of space between the seats, which means that the driver could be trapped in the seat if the bus was to roll.
The Secret Service does not have to follow the orders of the President. The President has the authority to do whatever he wants.
The FBI is actively pursuing him. 

He's not a fugitive, he's a citizen of Switzerland.
Sailing is a lot more complicated than you might think. 

Think of it like this:

When you are sailing, you have two things going on.  First, the wind is pushing down on you.  Second, the air is pushing up.  The air is moving in the direction of the wind, so it pushes down on the boat.

If you have a sail on a boat, it is pushing the air down in one direction, and the air in the other.  This causes the boat to move forward.  If you have an airfoil, it pushes the
They don't smuggle money through customs, they smuggle it into the country they're filming in. 

It's not that they don't want to, it's that they want to get the money out of the country as quickly as possible.
When you choke someone, you are restricting the blood flow to their brain.  This causes them to stop breathing, which causes the brain to stop working.  When you choke them, the blood stops flowing to the brain, causing them to pass out.
They used film. 

They would take a roll of film and put it in an enlarger.  Then they would take the film and cut it up.  They would then put it back in the enlarger and print it.

Editors would then go back and re-edit the film.
Asian women tend to have smaller breasts than most American women I see
It's because the water has been sitting in a bottle for a long time. 

Your taste buds are used to the taste of water, and after it's been left in the bottle for awhile, they start to get used to it.
I think it has to do with the fact that he has a good sense of humour.  He is a very likable guy, and he is a good talk show host.  

He also has a great sense of humor.
I think it has to do with the fact that alcohol was a necessary part of the American diet in the 17th and 18th century. 

In the early 1800s, there was a lot of corn in the US, which was a staple food for many people, and it was very cheap to grow.  This led to a huge increase in the amount of corn being grown, which in turn led to an overabundance of corn, which led to the production of cheap whiskey and rum.  In addition to this, there were many other factors that contributed to the increase in alcohol consumption.
I think it has to do with the fact that the west is the most powerful country in the world, and the US is the largest. 

The west has a lot of influence in the Middle East, and they have a lot more influence in Africa and Asia than the east.

In the past, the west was the dominant power in the Muslim world, so they were the ones who had the most influence in Europe and Asia.
Weeds grow because they are rooted in the soil. 

When you put a weed in the ground, it's roots are in contact with the soil, and the soil has a lot of nutrients in it.

If you put it in a pot, the soil will have a lot more nutrients than if you just put it on the ground.
They are a feminist protest band from Russia. They are currently in jail in Russia for protesting Putin's regime. 

They are protesting the government's persecution of women.  They are also protesting the fact that they are being forced to perform a song in a church.  The song they are protesting is called "Nestled in the Tomb of Christ the Savior" and they are trying to get the government to release them.
The cosmological principle is the idea that the universe is homogeneous and isotropic when viewed on a large enough scale, since the forces are expected to act uniformly throughout the universe and have no preferred direction, and should be no observable irregularities in the large scale structuring over the course of evolution.
An MP3 is an audio file.  It's basically a series of audio frames.  When you hear an audio signal, it's like a wave.  The audio signal is divided into smaller and smaller pieces, called frames.

When you play an MP3 file, you're listening to the audio signal.  Each frame contains a data block.  This data block contains the beginning and end of the audio wave, which is called a "sync word".  The sync word is used to identify the beginning of a valid frame.  

If you want to play a song, you need
It's not the type of food, it's the way it's prepared. 

In the US, we don't have laws against food poisoning, but we do have laws about how to handle food safety.

The problem is that there are a lot of people who don't follow the rules, and the rules aren't always followed.  If you're eating at McDonald's, for example, and you get food poisoning from the food, you can sue the restaurant.  But if you go to a Chinese restaurant, you're not going to sue the food.  You're suing the restaurant because
The government doesn't need to test things before it decides on a rule.  It doesn't have to.
When you tap on the top of a soda can, it causes the can to vibrate, which causes the soda to flow out of the can and into your mouth.
Because Australia has a lower tax rate than the US. 

The US has a higher tax rate on goods made in the US than in Australia.
You can turn cash into bitcoins.  

Bitcoin is a digital currency.  It's a distributed ledger of all the transactions that happen on the blockchain, which is the ledger of the entire bitcoin network.  The blockchain is a ledger of every single transaction that happens on the network, and every time a new transaction is made, a new block is added to the ledger.  When a block is created, the network is updated, and the new block contains the information needed to confirm that the original transaction is valid.

If you want to turn your cash into bitcoin, you need to find the first
Adblockers aren't made so they load the ad but just don't show it.  They're made so you can't load it.
The front brake is more effective because it has more friction between the wheel and the rim. 

The rear brake has less friction, so it doesn't apply as much force to the rear wheel.
Sheep are a symbol of innocence, goats are symbol of the devil.
I think it's because of the way the adhesive is applied to the sticker. 

Polyacrylates and vinyl carbamates have a higher surface area for the adhesive to bond to as compared to other types of adhesives.

When you peel off a sticker, you are removing a layer of the adhesive.  
 
The bottom layer is usually left behind by the glue.
I think it has to do with the fact that a 2.8 GPAs are considered to be low. 

A 3.0 GPA is considered a good score, but it's not a good enough score to get into a top-tier university.
When you're under hypnosis, your conscious mind is shut down. You're not aware of what you're doing, but your subconscious mind is telling you what to do. 

When you get hypnotized, your brain shuts down, and you're in a state of deep relaxation and altered consciousness.
I think it has to do with the fact that if you keep adding new features to a product, you're adding bugs to it. 

If you add a new feature, it's going to make it harder for people to use the product, and harder for them to use it, so it's better to remove it.
Penguins have long tracheae, which allow them to hold their breath longer, and take deeper breaths than mammals do to make allowances for their greater dead space volumes.
The US is one of the richest nations in the world. 

The US government is the largest and most powerful nation in the history of the world, and the US is also the largest economy.

It's not that we owe $17 trillion in debt, it's that we are the largest debtor nation in history. 


We owe a lot of money to other countries because we have a huge amount of debt.  The US government owes $16 trillion to foreign countries.  That's a lot for a country that has a population of less than 1.5 billion people.
The area between the Mediterranean Sea and the Jordan River is called the "Holy Land" because it is the location of the Jewish holy sites. 

It is also known as the "Land of Israel" or "Palestine" in Arabic.
Because it's not required by law. 

It's not that it's bad for you, it's just that there's not a lot of nutritional information on it.

If you're on a diet, you're not going to want to eat a ton of calories.
Yawning causes the muscles in your jaw to contract, which causes vibrations to travel through your inner ear. 

When you yawn, the vibrations travel through the tympanic membrane, which is a membrane that connects the inner ear to the outside of your skull.  When the muscles contract, they cause vibrations to be transmitted to your brain, which in turn causes your hearing to get worse.
It's not that they're strong, it's that they have a very strong chemical bond between the atoms. 

Acids and bases are made up of a lot of different molecules, and they're all bonded to each other by Covalent bonds, which means that they can't be broken apart.

Glass, on the other hand, doesn't have any such bonds, so they can be broken.
Alarm clocks use an oscillator.  The oscillator is a device that emits a signal.  When you plug it in, it sends out a signal to a radio station, which is then picked up by another radio station.  This radio station then sends a signal back to the receiver, which then sends out another signal.

When the receiver receives the second signal, it looks for the first signal, and if it is the same, it sets the alarm clock.  If it is different, it doesn't set the alarm.
Jade Helm is the name given to a group of soldiers in Afghanistan who are training for an invasion of the country. They are training to fight the Taliban.

They are training in the mountains of Afghanistan. They have been training for a while, and have been doing a lot of training. 

The reason they are training is because they want to be able to attack the Taliban in the future. They don't want the Taliban to know they're training, and they want them to be ready for the day when they attack. They want to make sure they're ready for it when they get the chance
I think it's because it's considered rude to eat with both your elbows on the table. 

_URL_0_
I think it has to do with the fact that you have a natural ability to draw. I'm not sure if it's innate or learned, but I think it's a combination of things. 

When you're young, you learn to draw by looking at a blank piece of paper and drawing. You can't draw because you don't know what you're doing, but you can do it because you know how to do it.

As you get older, you start to learn how to draw more and more. You learn to use different types of pens and pencils, and how to use them
It's called emesis, and it's a reflex.

When you're sick, your body sends signals to your brain telling it that you need to vomit. Your brain interprets these signals as a signal to your stomach to expel the contents of the food you've eaten, and your stomach responds by pushing the contents out of your mouth and down your esophagus.
I think it has to do with the fact that there are so many different dialects in different parts of the city. 

For example, if you live in New York City and you're from New Jersey, you probably have a New Jersey accent, but you're not from New York, so you don't have New Jersey accents.

If you're living in Chicago, you're probably from Chicago, and you have a Chicago accent.  You're from Chicago and you speak Chicago dialect.  But you're also from Chicago.  Chicago has a Chicago dialect, but it's not the same as
Premium gas has a higher octane rating than regular gas.  

Octane is the amount of energy it takes for the fuel to evaporate.  The higher the rating, the higher the octane.  Higher the rating means that the fuel is more likely to burn up in your engine, which is good for your engine.

The higher the grade, the more energy the fuel has to burn to reach its maximum octane value.  This means that it's more likely that your engine will be able to burn more fuel, which means that your car will have a higher compression ratio.
I think it has to do with the fact that Turkey is a NATO member. 

Turkey is a member of NATO, which means that it is part of the EU.  
Also, Turkey has a large Muslim population, and the US is a majority Muslim country.

The US has a lot of Muslim immigrants, and Turkey has lots of Turkish immigrants.
Plethora is the plural form of the word "plenty". 

It's a noun meaning "large".

"Plenty" is a noun that means "large" or "large."

In other words, it means "big".
Hyperfine structure is the structure of a hypercube. 

A hypercube is a hyperfine structure that is made up of infinitely many hyperfine elements.

For example, let's say you want to make a 3D hypercube, and you want it to be made out of 2x2x3x3.  You can do this by taking a 3x3×3x4x5x6x7x8x9x10x11x12x13x14x15x16x17x18x19x20x21x22x23x24x25x26x27x28x29x30x32x33x34x35x36x37x37 x32x37
When you're tired, your heart rate slows down, and your blood pressure drops. This causes your heart to pump less blood to your muscles, which causes you to feel cold.
It depends on the type of energy storage you're talking about. 

Pumpable energy storage is when you pump water from a reservoir into a turbine and use it to generate electricity.

Hydroelectric power is when water is pumped out of a reservoir and then pumped back into the ground by turbines. This is called "pumpable" energy storage because the water is used to power turbines, but it can be used for other things as well. 


Flywheel energy storage uses a flywheel to pump electricity out of the ground and then return it to the grid.  This is used
It's not actually bad to leave electronic devices on charge while on and/or overnight. 

It's just that when you do this, you're putting a lot of heat into the battery, which can cause it to overheat and catch fire.
It's not that our imaginations die when we grow up, it's that we grow out of them. 

When you're young, your brain is still developing. It's just that your brain doesn't have the capacity to process all of the information it needs to make sense of the world around you.

Your brain has a lot of processing power, but it's not able to process it all at the same time. It takes a while for your brain to learn how to process information, and it takes a lot longer for it to process the information that comes from your imagination.
The heaters are designed to run at a higher temperature than the bulb, so they don't need to be as powerful. 

The bulb is designed to operate at a lower temperature, so the heaters don't have to run as hot.
It's called the [Peukert effect](_URL_0_).

Basically, when you plug a battery into a computer, you're using it to store energy.  When you plug it in, it's using the energy stored in the battery to power the computer.

When you plug the battery out of the box, the computer knows that the battery is full, so it starts charging the battery.
It's been a long time since Russia annexed Crimea. 

Ukraine has been a part of the USSR since the end of World War II, and has been part of Russia's sphere of influence since the fall of the Soviet Union in 1991.

In the early 1990s, the USSR decided to divide Ukraine into two parts: the Republic of Crimea and the Federal Republic of Ukraine, which is now the Russian part of Ukraine.  The two parts of Ukraine are separate from the rest of the country, and have different governments.  In the early 90s, Ukraine elected a new president, Viktor Yanukovych,
I think it has to do with the fact that when you spit out a drink, you're not swallowing it. 

When you swallow, the liquid is already in your throat, so it's easier for it to go down your throat. When you spit it out, it's harder to get it out of your mouth.
Our immune system recognizes foreign bodies because they have antigens on their surface. Antigens are proteins that our body recognizes as foreign. 

Antigens can be found on the surface of a lot of things, but they can also be found in other parts of the body.  For example, if you have a cold, your immune system will recognize that it is a virus, but your body will not recognize it as a foreign body.
Light travels at the speed of light.

When you see a torch from hundreds of meters away, the light from the torch is traveling at about 1/1000th of a meter per second. When you see it from 20m away, it's traveling at 1/10th of that speed.
It's not that they want to erase your internet presence, it's that they don't want you to be able to access the internet. 

If you're not using the internet any more, then it's not worth it.
Australia has decriminalized the use of all drugs. 

In Australia, many drugs are regulated by the federal standard for the Uniform Drug Trafficking Act.  This means that if you are caught with a small amount of drugs, you are not guilty of drug trafficking.  You are guilty of possession of a large quantity of drugs.
When you are embarrassed, you are trying to hide your face from others. It is a way to show that you are sorry for what you did. It shows that you want to put things right.
1 = 0.

2 = 0

3 = 1

4 = -1

5 = 2

6 = 3

7 = 4
It depends on the type of food you're talking about. 

For example, if you are talking about frozen fruit and vegetables, it will stay good for a long time, but it will start to lose its flavor and texture as it thaws out.

If you are asking about frozen meat, you are referring to things like chicken breasts, which are frozen at room temperature, but once thawed out, they will lose their flavor.
The first lady is important to the American people because she is the wife of the president. She is a symbol of the power of the office. 

She is also important because she has a lot of influence on the policies of the government.

The president is the leader of the country, and the first lady's job is to make sure that the president is doing the right things. 


She also serves as a spokesperson for the government, and is the one person who can get the word out to the public.  She is the face of the administration, and it is important for her to
We are not the only species to have them. Chimpanzee blood groups are found in chimpanzees, baboons, and macaques.
I'm not sure what you mean by "top secret" or classified locations. 

Google is not a government agency.  It is a private company.  They don't want you to know where they are.
Beethoven was deaf, but he was very talented. He was a great pianist, and he was also a great composer. 

He was able to write music because he had a very good ear for music.  He was also able to play the piano very well.
Saliva is an extracellular fluid produced and secreted by salivary glands in the mouth. Saliva contains proteins, enzymes, mucus, and other molecules that can be used by bacteria to break down food. It also has a lubricating function, wetting food and allowing it to slide around in your mouth.
It's not that winters are colder every year, it's just that we are releasing more greenhouse gases into the atmosphere. 

We are releasing a lot of greenhouse gases, and the more we release them, the warmer the world gets.

It's also not that it's getting colder, but that the weather is getting colder.
We can capture light, but we can't make it go faster than the speed of light.

We can make light go faster, but it takes a long time for it to reach our eyes.
I think it has to do with the fact that you have more control over what you do with your money than you do over your job. 

When you get paid for your work, you have a lot of control over how you spend your money.  You can choose to spend it on whatever you want.  But when you get a raise, you don't have as much control over your spending.  If you want to spend more money on something, you need to ask for permission from your boss.  Your boss doesn't give you permission to spend your extra money on that thing.
Zen is a new microarchitecture for x86 processors.  It's based on the Bulldozer architecture, which is the same as the x86 architecture that Intel uses.  The difference is that it has more cores, which means more processing power.  This means that the clock speeds are faster, but the power consumption is lower.

This is a big deal, because it means that you can buy more cores for the same price.  

The problem is that you need more cores to get the same amount of performance.  If you want to get more performance, you need to
It's a different question from "What is your ethnicity?" and why isn't Hispanic or Latino an option for the latter question?
Game servers work by connecting a computer to the internet. 

When you connect to a game server, it connects to a computer that connects to the game client.  The game client connects to that computer, and the game server connects back to the client.

The game client is a piece of software that runs on the server.  It connects to your computer and tells it what to do.  When the server connects, it tells the client what it needs to do, and it does it.  If you're playing a game on a PC, the game will tell the server what you need to
I think it's because Redditors feel obligated to tell everyone when they make a minor edit to a post. 

Editors are not allowed to make minor changes to posts.  They're supposed to be responsible for the integrity of the post.
We can miniaturize everything, cameras, computers, rc cars and so one but when NASA launch probes, it launches huge rockets and the probes are huge. 

It would be cheaper to have miniature probes inside miniature rockets and have hundreds of them instead.
Vape vs Cigarettes are two different things. 

Cigarettes are made of tobacco.  Vapes are made out of e-cigarettes.  They do not involve tobacco combustion, and they do not produce vapor between puffs.

E-cigarettes are made up of a lot of different chemicals.  Some of them are safer than cigarettes, some of them aren't.  Most of the time, though, they are not safe.  The amount of formaldehyde in the e-cigarette vapor is much lower than the amount in the cigarette smoke.  If you smoke a cigarette, you
Facial hair is a sign of maturity. It's a sign that you're getting older, which is why men tend to have longer facial hair than women.
The Holodomor is a term used to refer to a period of time in history when the human race was wiped out. 

It's not really a single event, it's more of a series of events.

In the early 1900s, a group of people decided that they were going to start a new race of people called the "Holodomorians".  They wanted to create a race that would be able to reproduce as many times as possible.  They decided that the best way to do this would be to kill all the people on Earth and replace them with a race of "
Your hair is made of keratin.  Keratin is a protein that is very strong, and when it rains, it breaks down.  This causes your hair to curl up.
Bundy is a rancher who lives in Nevada, and is a member of the Black Lives Matter movement. BLM is a group of anti-government protesters who want to remove federal land from the hands of the federal government. 

Bundy has been living in Nevada for a long time, and has been protesting against the BLM for years.  He has been in the area for years, and he is a very vocal supporter of the BLM.  In the past, he has been arrested for trespassing on BLM land, and in the past he has threatened to kill BLM members if they don't give him
Yes, they do. 

They work by blocking the receptors on your skin that transmit the chemical that makes you feel repelled by mosquitoes.
When it's sunny, the light from the sun hits the back of your eye, causing it to dilate. This causes your pupils to get smaller, which causes you to squint.
They don't get recycled, they get sold to other dealerships.

They are sold to people who don't want to pay the dealer's price for the car, and then they are resold to other car dealerships who then sell them to consumers. 

There are a lot of people who want to buy a new car, but don't have the money to pay for it.
It's not. 

CPU clockage is a measure of how fast the CPU is able to do things.  It's not the speed of the CPU itself, it's the speed at which the CPU can do the things it needs to do.  For example, if you want to run a game at 60 FPS, you need a CPU that can do 60 frames per second.  If you have a CPU running at 2.5GHz, it can do 40 FPS.  But if you have an overclocked CPU, it will do 60 FPS.

The reason this is the case is because
Alcohol is a depressant. It causes your brain to release dopamine, which is a chemical that makes you happy. When you're drunk, your brain is flooded with dopamine and serotonin, which causes you to feel happy and euphoric.

When you're sober, you're flooded with oxytocin, which makes you feel sad, angry, and scared. This is why you get drunk and happy at the same time.
Formation allows the pilots to see each other and communicate with each other. 

When you fly in formation, you are flying at the same altitude as the aircraft in front of you.  This means that you can see each others' wings, so you don't have to fly in a straight line.
Heavy doors are made out of a material that is strong enough to withstand the force of the door slamming against the frame. 

They are designed to be strong enough that they can withstand a lot of force, but not so strong that they will break the door frame.
The first sibling has the highest IQ of all its siblings. 

The first borns have slightly higher IQ than later borns.

It's not a genetic trait, it's a social trait.  If you have a sibling who is more intelligent than you, you're more likely to be successful in school, and if you have siblings who are less intelligent, you'll be less likely to succeed in school.
Jet engines use a spinning compressor and a spinning turbine to generate thrust. 

The turbine spins at 12,500 rpm with their tips reaching 1,200 mph (540 m/s) and each high pressure turbine blade generates around 800 hp (600 kW), which is about 1.5 times more power than a regular propeller.

When the turbine spins, it pushes air out of the way of the propeller, which causes it to spin faster.  This causes the plane to accelerate.  The engine is designed to be able to do this because it uses a lot of
It's called the photic sneeze reflex. It's caused by a nerve in your nose being stimulated by a bright light.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm going to try to explain it in layman's terms.

When you're in a deep state of depression, your brain shuts down all of the things that make you feel good. 

Your brain is telling your brain that you're not happy, you're sad, or you're angry, and it's telling your body that you need to do something about it, but you don't want to do it.  This is called dissociation.  It's a state of mind where your brain doesn't know what's going on,
The bird swallows it whole, and the victim is suffocated by the neck. The bird regurgitates pellets of indigestible material such as fur, bones and the chitinous remains of insects.

_URL_0_
It's not that the poor countries benefit from globalization, it's that the rich countries do. 

If you're talking about the US, China, India, and the Philippines, they all benefit from the same thing.

The US is able to export goods and services to these countries at a lower cost, and these countries are able to sell those goods to the US at a higher price, which means that the US can sell them to those countries for a lower price.
There is no center of the universe. The universe started from a point smaller than an atom. 

If you look at the universe from a distance, you can see that the universe is expanding, but you can't see the center.

You can see galaxies, stars, planets, galaxies, etc. because they are all moving in the same direction, but the distance between them is not constant.
Teachers aren't legally allowed to take your phones. 

Teachers are allowed to use cell phones in the classroom for emergency situations, but they aren't allowed to have their own phones.

If a teacher does break this law, it may leave them with a criminal record.
The recycle bin is a temporary storage for files that have been deleted in a file manager by the user, but not yet permanently erased from the file system.

When you open the recycle bin, it tells the operating system that it's full, and it's time to clean it up.
Yes, there are animals in the ocean that aren't as efficient in water as we are on land, but they're not as efficient as we think they are. 

There are some animals that can survive in water, but not as well as we would like them to.

For one thing, water is very cold, and the oxygen in the air is very low.  If we were able to survive in the water, we would be able to breathe more easily, but we wouldn't be as efficient at it as we're used to. 


Another thing is that water is cold,
I think it's because they don't want to stigmatize women who are taking birth control. It's not like they're telling them to abstain from sex or use alternative methods of contraception when they miss 7 in a row (period week).
First Nations/aboriginal land claims are based on the concept of "original Indian title". Basically, they claim that they have been living on the land for a long time, and that their ancestors owned the land before the British Crown took it from them.

In Canada, this is called "Aboriginal title", and it's based on treaties that were signed between the British and the First Nations. 

For example, in the case of the Tsilhqot'in Nation v. British Columbia (1982), the Supreme Court of Canada ruled that the government could not extinguish the
It works by sending a signal to the remote control. The remote control uses infrared light to detect the signal and converts it into binary code. 

The code is then sent to the receiver, which then interprets the binary code and sends it to the computer, which interprets it as a command.
Hooters was sued for discriminating against women because they were too big breasted. 

The Supreme Court ruled that the Civil Rights Act of 1964 prohibits discrimination based on sex.
We don't have a medicine against the common cold. 

We do have a vaccine, but it's not very effective, and it's very expensive.
The US has a lot of interests in the Middle East, and Israel is one of them. 

Israel is the only country in the region that has the right to exist as a Jewish state.

The US is also a major trading partner with Israel, and the US is a major military ally of Israel.
Because the West doesn't want to get involved in a proxy war with Russia. 

Ukraine is a sovereign country, and Russia is a member of NATO.

Russia is not a NATO member, and they don't want Ukraine to join NATO.
Bricks are made out of clay.  They are made of a mixture of clay, sand, lime, and other binders.  These bind together to form a solid brick.  

Mortar is the mortar that binds the bricks together.  The bricks are laid in courses.  You can use any kind of mortar to make bricks, but the most common is Portland cement, which is a combination of Portland cement and lime.
When you're looking in the mirror, your eyes are telling your brain what you're seeing. When you're on camera, your brain is telling your eyes what you are seeing.
Fruit and vegetable produce is a niche product. It's not a product that can be sold to the general public, so they don't want to spend a lot of money advertising it.
I'm not sure what you're talking about. 

There are a lot of different types of technology addictions, and some are more noticeable than others.

For example, if you have a bad habit of checking your email while you're at work, it can be harder for you to tell if you're using it or not.  If you're a regular user of social media, it's easier to tell when you're not using it, but if you've been using it for a long time, you'll notice it more.
It depends on the country. 

In the US, if you have a US passport, you can get a Social Security number if you don't have one.  If you are not a US citizen, then you can't get one, but if you are a citizen of another country, then they can get you an ID.
Fusion reactors contain a lot of fuel, but they are designed to burn very small amounts of it, so they can't melt the core. 

Fusion is a very delicate process, and the amount of fuel used is very small, so it's not possible to melt it down.

The problem is that the fusion fuel is made up of a very small amount of material, so if it were to melt, it would cause a chain reaction that would destroy the reactor and the surrounding environment, which would lead to the release of radioactive material into the atmosphere.
Steroids don't actually enlarge the head. 

They increase the size of the skull, but they don't increase the volume of the head at all.
Youtube uses progressive download and RTSP, which means that you have to download the video at a specific bitrate (e.g. 500 kbps) and then send it back to the server. 

Your internet speed says 185 mbps on speedtest, but youtube videos still lag and take a long time to load.
It's called "knismesis" and it's a defense mechanism. When you touch your own skin, your nerves are telling your brain that you're not ticklish, so you don't feel it.
They don't. 

They're not making money.  They're making a lot of money, but not enough to pay their bills.

The only way to make money is to sell more cars.  That's what they're doing.  If they sell 100,000 cars a year, they'll make $1.5 billion in revenue.  But if they sell 1 million, they're going to have to pay $1 billion in expenses.  So they'll have to cut back on the number of cars they sell.  This means that they'll need to cut their costs.
You can train yourself to lucid dream. 

The first step is to recognize that you are dreaming.

Then you have to remember that you're dreaming.
I think it has to do with the first 10-15 minutes being the warm up. Your body is trying to get used to the feeling of being in a new environment. It's not used to being in the same place for a long time, so it takes a while for your brain to adjust to it.
Sound travels at different speeds. 

When you hear a sound, it travels through your ears at different rates.  Your brain interprets the speed of the sound as the distance between you and the sound source.  If you hear the sound coming from 20 feet away, it will travel at the same speed as you, but if you hear it coming from 10 feet away it will appear to travel at a different speed.

If you're hearing it in your ears, it's traveling at a faster rate than you are.  This is because your head is blocking the sound from reaching your ears.
The difference between human and non-human Brains that have allowed us to accomplish so much is that we have a more developed cerebral cortex, which allows us to do things that non-humans can't do. 

For example, we are able to think in terms of abstractions and abstractions, and we have the ability to think abstractly and abstractly.

We are also able to use our brains to think more abstractly, which is why we have been able to do so much in the past.
It depends on what you mean by "cost of living".

If you're talking about the cost of living in the US, it's usually measured in dollars.

For example, if you live in New York City, and you want to buy a house, you need to pay $100,000 for a house.
But if you're living in a country where you need a house for $10,000, you have to pay a lot more than that. 

In the UK, the average price of a house is about $20,000 per year, and the average cost of
The person that uploaded the file and shared it gets fined, the person that downloaded the file gets fined.
Depression is caused by a chemical called BDNF, which is produced in the brain by the hypothalamus. It is a neurotransmitter that regulates mood, mood, and mood swings. Exercise increases the amount of BDNF in your brain, which makes you feel better.
Mortgages are loans that you take out with a down payment.  You put down 20% of the total cost of the house, and the lender guarantees that you will pay back the rest of the down payment when the house is sold.  If the house depreciates, the lender gets a portion of the value of the home, and you get a share of the appreciation.  

If the home is worth less than $100,000, then the lender will foreclose on the house.  This is called foreclosing on the home.

In other words, if the
Lightning is sporadic, so it takes a long time to harvest the energy from the ground. 

Lightning can be stored in the ground, but it takes time for the energy to dissipate.

We don't know where the lightning will strike, so we can't store it.
Swatting is when someone calls 911 and says they have a hostage situation at their house. 

It's usually a prank call, but it's not uncommon for someone to call 911 and say they have an active hostage situation.
It's a scam. 

It's not a scam, it's a way to make money.

If you're looking for a laptop for $100, you're not going to find it on a site like this.  You're going to go to a used electronics store and buy a used laptop.  They'll sell it to you for $50, and you'll pay $100 for it.  If you don't want to pay $50 for it, you'll go to another site and buy it for $60.  Then you'll have to pay a $100 shipping fee.
You have a sense of smell because your nose is filled with thousands of tiny cilia. These cilia are made up of hundreds of thousands of different types of cells, each with a different type of smell receptor. 

Your nose is a collection of cells that are connected to each other by a thin layer of mucus. The mucus contains a lot of different chemicals that you can smell. These chemicals are called pheromones.

When you smell something, the cilia that make up your nose are attached to a bunch of other cilia, which are also attached to the mucus,
It's called black and grey. 

Black ink is made up of two pigments, black and gray.  The black pigments are the ones that are used to make the ink, and the grey is the pigments that make up the color.

The color of the ink depends on the type of pigments used.  Black pigments have a green tint to them, and grey pigments don't.  They're made of the same pigments as the black ink, but they're mixed with different pigments to make different shades of green.  When you get a tattoo, you
It's not that they're absurdly long, it's that the vast majority of people don't read them. 

If you read the terms of conditions in a contract, you'll see that they are written in such a way that it's impossible for you to understand them.

It's the same reason that you can't force someone to read a contract if they don't want to.
The water vapor in the exhaust is supercooled by the engines, and when it cools down, it condenses into tiny droplets and/or ice crystals, which form the contrail.

Some planes leave long jet trails that linger for hours and some don't
I think it has to do with the fact that it's more of a show of affection than a greeting. 

In the US, it's seen as a sign of affection, but in other parts of the world it's a way to show respect.
We don't need to filter the salt out of the ocean water, we just need to get it out of our rivers and lakes. 

The problem is that we don't have enough water to filter out all the salt from our rivers.  The amount of salt in our rivers is much higher than the amount in the ocean, so we can't just filter it out.
Depth of field is the distance between the nearest and the farthest objects that are in acceptably sharp focus in an image. 

For example, if you take a picture of a tree, and put it on a table, you can see that the tree is in the center of the picture, but the rest of the trees are far away from the camera. If you put the tree in the middle of the table, the tree will be in focus, but if you put it further away, the trees will be out of focus.

The same thing happens when you take an image of a car,
Because child support is not a crime.

Student loans are a crime, and they are treated the same as any other debt.
It's not that the mods can't take down the subreddit, it's that they don't have the authority to do so. 

There are a lot of subreddits on the front page of r/r/daterape and /r/Daterape that have been banned for hate speech, but the mods are not allowed to take down those subreddits.
It's not that the temperature fluctuates in winter, it's that the air is colder than it is in the summer.

In the winter, the air has a lot of water in it, so it's colder than the air above it. 

When the air gets colder, it condenses, which means that it takes longer for the air to warm up, so the temperature drops.
Ducts are made up of air molecules moving at different velocities.  The smaller the diameter, the more air molecules are moving at the same speed.  If you have a smaller diameter air duct, the faster the air is moving, and the faster it is moving.  This causes more drag.
Fizzy drinks and juices have sugar in them. 

Water has minerals in it that your body needs to keep your body hydrated.  Soda and juices do not.
It's not necessary. 

It's just a way to get people to go to the pharmacy and ask for the drug.  If they don't, they won't get it, and if they do, they'll go back to their doctor and get a different drug.
Because it's easier to say "son" than "daughter" in a generic sense.
I'm not sure what you mean by "random" numbers, but I'll try to explain.

Imagine that you have a bunch of random numbers stored in your computer's memory. 

Let's say you have 10,000,000 random numbers.  If you want to know how many of them there are, you can look at the number of times you've shuffled a deck of playing cards in the past and see how many times they've been shuffled in the last 10 minutes.  You can also look at how long it's been since you last shuffled the cards, and see
When you burp, you're pushing air into your lungs, which causes your diaphragm to expand. This causes the blood vessels in your nose to constrict, causing a "burn" sensation.
Wells are not cheap.  They require a lot of energy to dig and pump.  It's not like you can just drill a hole in the ground and pump it out.  You have to dig a well that is deep enough to be able to pump the water out of the ground.

You also have to pay for the water to be pumped out, which is also expensive.
Gout is caused by uric acid in the blood that crystallizes and deposits in joints, tendons, and surrounding tissues. 

There are a number of different causes of gout, but the most common are:

1. Elevated blood pressure

2. Overconsumption

3. Lack of exercise

4. Poor diet

5. Overuse

6. Poor sleep

7. Poor nutrition

8. Poor physical activity

9. Poor lifestyle

10. Too much alcohol

11. Too many medications

12. Too little
Karma is the law of nature. 

It's not that the gods in Hinduism are almighty, it's that karma is a law that they don't have the power to change.

Karma isn't the result of the actions of one person, it is a result of all the actions that happen to others.  
 
If you are a good person, you will get rewarded for your actions. If you are bad, you won't get rewarded.
I think it has to do with the culture. 

In the US, there are a lot more people who drive trucks than there are in other countries.

Also, there is a lot of money in trucking, so there is more incentive to buy a truck than there is in cars.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm assuming it has something to do with the time it takes for them to get back to you after the interview. 

If you're looking for a job, the first thing you need to do is contact the company and let them know that you're interested in the job.  If you don't hear back from them within a week or so, it's because they don't want you to feel like you're not getting a fair shot at the job, and they're not sure if you're the right person for the job or not.
We could, but it would have to live in a controlled environment and reproduce in that environment for a long time before it would be able to produce enough offspring to become a new species.
Clorox wipes only kill 99.9% of bacteria.

If you want to breed Clorox resistant bacteria, you have to breed the bacteria that are resistant to it. 

The problem is that 99.99% of the bacteria you would breed would be resistant to the antibiotic.
The American flag is a symbol of freedom. It stands for freedom of speech, freedom of religion, and freedom of the press.
The answer is that we don't know.

We know that we know that the result is correct because we can calculate it, but we can't calculate it with infinte accuracy. 

Let's say you're trying to figure out how much money you have in your bank account.  If you have $100,000,000 in your account, you can calculate how much of that is in your checking account, and how much is in the bank account, but you can't do that with a computer.  You can calculate the exact amount of money, but that's not how we know
Your brain has a circadian rhythm. When you are awake, your body releases a hormone called melatonin, which causes your body to produce melatonin (which is a hormone that makes you sleepy) and when you are asleep, it stops producing melatonin. This causes you to feel tired and sleepy because your body is trying to get rid of the excess of melatonin in your body.
I think it has to do with the fact that your body is trying to conserve energy after sex.  Your body has a lot of chemicals in it that make you sleepy.  When you have sex, your body releases a hormone called adrenalin.  Adrenaline is a hormone that makes you sleepy, but it's also the same hormone that causes you to fall asleep.
The vegetable crisper drawer is a device made of paperboard and affixed with a susceptor that heats up the inside of the fridge. 

When you open the drawer, you can see that the vegetable is already at room temperature, so it's not going to get too hot.
Jang Song Thaek was a member of the Politburo, the top decision making body of the ruling party of North Korea. He was accused of corruption and subversion.

He was also accused of trying to usurp the power of Kim Jong-un, the current leader of the country.
Gold is a naturally occurring element.  It's a very heavy metal, but it's not toxic.

It's also a very valuable metal, and it's used in a lot of things.  For example, it's a valuable metal in jewelry.  Gold is used to make jewelry because it's very shiny, and because it has a very high melting point.  If you melt it down, you can see the gold.  But if you break it down into smaller pieces, you'll see that it's still shiny.  This is why gold is used in jewelry, and why it's so
Drones have been around for a long time. 

It's just that they're not as cheap as they used to be.

Drones used to cost a lot more than they do now because they're so small.  They're also not as reliable as they were when they were first introduced.
The semi-truck is not carrying combustible liquid, it is carrying a gas can.

Lightning is a lightning strike. 

When lightning strikes, it causes the gas can to become electrically conductive, which means that it becomes a conductor of electricity.  This means that the electricity will flow through the container.  The gas can is not a conductor, so the electricity won't flow through it.  It will flow to the ground, where it will be stopped by the ground and the ground will stop being a conductor.
Spicy foods contain capsaicin. Capsaicin is a chemical that binds to the receptors in your mouth and throat that detect heat. When it comes in contact with mucous membranes, it activates the receptors on your tongue, causing a burning sensation.
The gas pumps in cars are usually in the back because they are closer to the car's engine.  

The reason the gas pump is in the rear is because it is closer to where the engine is.  It is also where the exhaust pipe is.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'll give it a shot. 

The UK is in the process of leaving the European Union.  The EU is a free trade agreement between the EU and the UK.  It's basically a set of rules that the UK has to sign up to in order to be part of the EU.  This means that they have to agree to the same rules as the EU, which means that if they don't agree to them, they will have to leave.

In order for the UK to be able to leave, they need to agree that
Evaporation is a chemical reaction between water and air. 

When water is at 212F or 100C temperature, it has enough energy to break away from the liquid phase and enter the gas phase.

At 212F and 100C, the water molecules are moving in the proper direction, and have sufficient kinetic energy to overcome liquid-phase intermolecular forces.
Obama's term is considered as unsuccessful because he failed to achieve the goals he set out to achieve. 

He failed to pass the Affordable Care Act, which was supposed to be a major piece of legislation that would have made healthcare more affordable for all Americans.  He also failed to repeal the Glass-Steagall act, which would have allowed the federal government to take away the power of Congress to pass laws that affect people's lives.
I think it has something to do with the fact that the water in the winter is colder than the water you drink in the summer. 

When you drink water in summer, your body has to work harder to get rid of the heat from your body.  When you drink it in winter, it's easier for your body to just let it sit in the fridge for a few hours and let it cool down.
We don't know. 

We know that there is a lot of life out there, but we don't really know where it came from.

The most common theory is that it started in the early days of the universe, when there was a huge cloud of dust surrounding the sun.  This cloud was full of dust, and the dust was so big that it was able to hold all the molecules that make up life.  The dust was also full of water, which is what life needs to survive.  There are other theories, such as the panspermia hypothesis, which states that life
They don't need any outside intervention. They have a large number of people who are willing to fight for them, and they have a lot of money to fund their operations. 

_URL_0_
Carbon-based cars are made of a material that has less resistance to friction, which means they have more torque. 

An internal combustion engine has a very high moment of inertia, meaning that it takes a long time for the engine to start spinning.  The same is true of an electric car.  It takes a lot of energy to start the engine, and a lot more energy to stop it.

A car with a carbon-based chassis has less friction, so it can start and stop much faster.  This means that the car can accelerate much faster, because it doesn't have to
It means that the value of the currency has "dropped". 

When a country's currency is undervalued, it means that there is less demand for the currency, so it is less able to be used to buy goods and services.

In other words, if you want to buy something in a foreign country, you need to buy it in the local currency.  If you don't have enough foreign currency to buy that item, you will have to sell it to the local market.  This is called "inflation".

If you have a lot of foreign currency in your country,
Newton's first law of motion states that if you are moving at a constant speed, you will continue forward with that direction and speed.

If you're in a car, you're moving at the same speed as the rest of the car. 

However, if you're sitting in the front seat, you have inertia, which means that you're going forward with the same direction as the car, so you'll continue to move forward. If you're standing in the back seat, the car will continue to go forward, but you'll be going at a different speed, so your body will continue
It's a cultural thing. Some people may smile at strangers to indicate a friendly greeting, others may smile to indicate that they are scared.
The mouse loves cheese. 

It comes from the story of the gingerbread boy who was chased by a fox.  The fox eats him and he goes bonkers.  When he sees the mouse, he goes crazy and tries to eat him.  He then runs away from the fox, but the fox catches him and eats him.
The shell is made of calcium carbonate, which dissolves in various acids, including the vinegar used in cooking.

The seeds are made up of proteins called peridioles, which are a type of protein that is very hard, but can be broken down by the enzymes in the egg.
When you burn something, the oxygen atoms in it break their bonds with each other and release energy. This energy is released in the form of light, which is emitted as visible light.
Situationist International is a group of people who were involved in the construction of situations. 

They were concerned with creating a situation in which the situation would be such that the people would be able to take control of their own lives.

In other words, they wanted to create a situation where everyone would be free to live their lives as they see fit, and no one would have to worry about the consequences of their actions.
The US spends more money than any other developed country on education. It's just that we don't spend enough to keep up with the demand.

The US is the only developed country in the world that spends more on education than other developed countries.
I'm not sure what you're talking about. 

Marijuana is still illegal in the US, but it's been decriminalized in a number of states.
It's not the same. 

If you want to cook a recipe at a higher temperature for a shorter amount of time, you need to adjust the temperature of the pan to the desired cooking temperature.  If you cook it at the same temperature for longer, you're cooking the same amount of food, but you're increasing the time it takes for the food to cook.
Accounting started in ancient Mesopotamia. 

The first written accounts were written down by the Babylonians.  They kept track of how much money they had, how much they spent, and how they spent it.

In the Middle Ages, the Roman Empire had a lot of money, so they had to keep track of it.  This led to the Domesday Book, which is the most famous book of all time.  It was written down in Latin, and was used by the Roman government to keep records of their finances.
They use GPS to track the time of the neutrino's arrival to the detector. 

It's not that they time it to this accuracy, it's that they measure the time it takes to travel the distance at the speed of light.
Muscles are made up of a bunch of different types of fibres. Some are stronger than others. 

For example, when you stretch a muscle, you're stretching the fibres that hold it together.  When you stretch them, you are breaking them.  This causes them to wear out.

Some joints are made of cartilage.  The cartilage is made of a lot of different things.  It's called synovial cartilage, and it's made of different kinds of collagen.  If you break a joint, the cartilage breaks down, and the collagen is replaced
It's the same as "could have" in English.

"Could have" is a possessive pronoun. "Could of" is the subject of the sentence. 

The difference is that "could of" can be used as a subject of a sentence, and "could" is used as an object of a clause. 


In other words, "could could have" could be used to refer to the subject, not the object.
Appellate Jurisdiction refers to the court's ability to hear appeals from lower courts. 

The Supreme Court has full power and jurisdiction to hear and determine all appeals, whether civil or criminal, made to the Court from: a judge in the exercise of his original jurisdiction, the Bankruptcy Division, the Supreme Court, and the Court of Appeals.
I think it has to do with the fact that I'm naturally left handed. 

When you're learning to play a guitar, you have to learn how to hold the instrument with the right hand.  You can't learn to play with the left hand because it's not a natural hand for it.  If you're trying to learn to hold a guitar with your right hand, you're going to be playing with the wrong hand.

If you're playing with your left hand, it's because you're not learning how to play the instrument the way you're used to.  When you're
Lace curtains are a symbol of poverty.

Poverty is the result of a lack of material goods. 

Lace curtain poverty is a metaphor for lack of access to food, shelter, clothing, and shelter.
The front pin has a lot more weight than the back pin, so it takes a lot of effort to get the ball to hit the front pin.
The US dollar came from the gold standard.  The gold standard was set in the late 1800s.  Gold was used as a store of value, and the US dollar was created as a way to exchange it for other currencies.  

In the early 1900s, the U.S. government decided that they wanted to return to a gold standard, so they started to print their own currency.  They started with the peso, which was the local currency.

The peso was worth a lot more than the dollar, so the government decided to print a new currency, which they called the colón.
It depends on the type of product. 

For example, if you're talking about cereal, there are two types of cereal that are sold at the same time.  One is called "Coffee Crisp", and the other is called cereal.  The cereal is made up of a bunch of different ingredients, and the cereal is sold in a variety of different sizes.  So if you have a box of cereal with the word "Crisp" written on it, you can buy it.

But if you are talking about the cereal that is made of cereal, it's called "
The Mercator Map Projection is known to be objectively inaccurate, but it is still widely accepted because it is used for navigation purposes.

If you want to know where the North Pole is, you need to look at a map of the world, and find the center of the map. The Mercator projection is not the best way to do this, because it does not accurately represent the landmass of Europe and the US.
They don't. 

Water is used to extinguish the fire.

The water is sprayed down the side of the building, and the fire is stopped from spreading to the rest of the structure.
I think it has to do with the fact that race cars are designed to go around 200MPH. 

They are built to go fast, but they are also designed to be safe, so they have to be able to keep up with the other cars.

Also, there is a limit to how much power a car can produce.  If you have a car that can go 200mph, it's not going to have enough power to go very fast.  It's going to be limited by the amount of fuel it uses.  So if you want to go 200 mph, you have to
When you clean your keyboard, you're using compressed air to clean the keyboard. When you open the can, the air in the can is already hot, so it's not going to be as hot as it would be if you were using a normal canister of compressed air.
They don't. 

Spiders can't get trapped in tubs and sinks because they don't have enough mass to overcome gravity.

They can get trapped because they have too much mass.
It depends on the show. 

Conan has a contract with a production company.  They pay them for the time they are on the air.  Jimmy Fallon has a deal with a company that pays him for time on his show.

The Tonight Show has a similar contract.  The show pays them for their time on their show.
When you freeze, you're trying to make sure that you're not detected by a predator. 

If you're running away from a predator, it's because you're afraid that the predator is going to catch up to you and kill you.

But if you're standing still, the predator can't see you, so you don't have to worry about being caught.
When the phone is plugged in to charge, it uses the power brick to power itself up. The power brick is connected to the power supply, and the phone uses that power to turn on. 

When you plug the phone in, it's using the same power brick as when it's plugged into the computer, but the phone has a different power brick. The phone is using a different type of power brick than a standard USB power brick, and it uses different types of power bricks to power it up.

The power brick has a higher voltage than the phone, so when the phone turns on,
The spillway is designed to keep the water out of the bottom of the dam. 

When the water starts to overflow, the water is pushed against the dam by gravity.  This causes it to fall down the slope.  When the water reaches the bottom, it is pushed back up the slope by gravity, which causes the dam to fall back down.

This is why the spillway has a massive ramp.
Alcoholism is a disease that can be passed down from parent to child. 

Alcohol is not a disease, it is an addiction.  It is not something you can "pass down" from one parent to another.  Alcoholism is an illness that is caused by a chemical imbalance in the brain.  The brain is a very complex organ, and it can be affected by a lot of different things.  If you have a parent who is an alcoholic, the brain is going to be damaged by the alcohol, and the brain will not be able to function properly.  This is why it
Tone is the frequency of the sound.

Melody is the number of notes that make up a note. 

Pitch is the amount of sound that makes up the note.
It's not busy, it's busy because the phone lines are connected to each other. 

When you dial a number, the phone line is connected to the mainframe.  The mainframe connects to the modem, and the modem connects to your computer.  When you connect to the computer, the modem tells the computer what number you want to connect to, and it connects the computer to your phone line.

The computer then connects the modem to the telephone line, and connects the two lines together.  This is called "forwarding".

If you connect a phone line to a computer
Vodka and tequila are different types of alcohol. 

Vodka is distilled alcohol, which means that it has a higher alcohol content than tequila.

Tequila, on the other hand, is distilled water, which has a lower alcohol content, meaning that it's not distilled as much as it is distilled in a pot.  This means that the amount of alcohol in it is lower than the amount in tequila, so it doesn't have the same effect on your mood.
The eyes are the main target for drug use because they are the only part of the body that can detect the effects of drugs.  The rest of your body can't.
It's a combination of things. 

Your body has a lot of nerves in it that control your muscles.  Some of those nerves are damaged, some of them are injured, and some are damaged in a way that causes them to stop working properly.

When you're in your 60s and 70s, your body is still getting used to the way it was before you were born.  Your body is used to being able to do things that you can't do anymore.  If you don't get enough exercise, your muscles will start to atrophy and you'll start to shake.
It depends on the game. 

1080p60 is the maximum frame rate you can render at.

4K and 1080p are maxed out at 60fps because they are the maximum possible resolution.  If you want to make a 4K game, you need to make it at 1080p.  You can't do that at 4K because it's just not possible.  It's not possible to make 4K games at 60FPS because it would require a lot more processing power.  1080p is the max frame rate because it takes a lot less processing power to render at 60
Your muscles are made up of a bunch of molecules called actin and myosin.  These molecules are used to make ATP, which is the energy that keeps your body going.  When you overwork them, they stop producing ATP, and they stop working.
Malware is a type of virus. 

A virus is a piece of code that infects your computer.  It's usually written by someone who knows how to write code, and they write it in such a way that it can't be detected by your antivirus software.

Malware can do a lot of things, but the main thing that makes it harmful is that it doesn't have any way of telling you what it's doing.  For example, if you have a virus on your computer, you can't tell it what's going on, because it's not telling you.
It's not considered "hypocrisy" when you are hated against, it's called "hypocritical".

Racism is a form of discrimination. 

When someone is hated against for being racist, they are not being hypocritical.  They are being hated for being a racist.
The oil pump in an internal combustion engine circulates oil under pressure to the rotating bearings, the sliding pistons and the camshaft of the engine. This lubricates the bearings, allows the use of higher-capacity fluid bearings and also assists in cooling the oil.
Algebra is a branch of mathematics that deals with complex numbers. It is the study of complex numbers, complex variables, trigonometric functions, and algorithms. 

Calculus and algebra are two branches of mathematics. Calculus deals with real numbers, and algebra with complex variables.

Algebra deals with algebraic functions, which are defined in terms of algebraic equations. These equations are used to represent complex numbers in a mathematical way. 


Calculating complex numbers is very difficult, and requires a lot of time and effort. It's not easy to learn, and it takes a lot
Short selling is when you borrow shares of a company's stock and sell them at a lower price than the actual price of the stock. 

If the stock goes up in price, you get paid back in cash, but you don't get any of the money you borrowed from the company, so you have to buy the stock back at a higher price.
We don't have the best technology yet. 

We have a lot of things we can do, but not all of them.

For example, we can make things that we can't do now, but we can still do things we could do in the future.  For example, if you want to make a self-driving car, you need to have the technology to do it.  You need to know how to build it, and how to make it work.  If you don't know how, you can't build it.
If someone leaked the entirety of windows source code, they would be able to incorporate it into other operating systems in a way that allows windows applications and libraries to be used. 

The problem is that the source code is not publicly available, so it would not be usable by anyone else.
Genetic diversity is not the same for everyone. 

Each person has a unique genetic composition that stays the same throughout their entire lives.  If you have two parents with the same genetic composition, you can't develop children where each one may have their unique genetic combination too.
An introvert is someone who is more introverted than extroverted. 

An extravert is a person who tends to be more outgoing than introverted.
A karat is a fractional measure of purity for gold alloys. 

Diamonds are made of diamonds.  
Gold is made of gold.  Gold is made up of gold, silver, and other metals.  The karat refers to the amount of gold per 24 parts whole.
I'm not sure what you mean by "published papers in science". I'm not a scientist, but I'm a chemist, and I've done a lot of research in chemistry and physics.

Here's a list of some of the papers I've published:

_URL_0_

1. [ELI5: How do we know that the universe is expanding? ](_URL_1_)

2. How can we tell if we're moving in the direction of the sun?

3. How much energy does the sun have? 

4. How
I'm not sure what you're talking about. 

A school paper doesn't get in trouble for doing the same thing for a school paper.  It's called an article.
Bicameralism is a way to give the legislature more time to debate and vote on important issues. 

For example, if you want to pass a bill, the House of Representatives needs to vote on it, and the Senate needs to pass it, but the President needs to veto it.

If you want a bill to pass, the Senate has to vote, and if the President vetoes it, it's not going to get passed.
Baking soda and water dissolve in the plastic. 

The reason it works is because it breaks down the plastic and makes it easier for water to get through.

When you scratch a plastic, you are breaking down the surface of the plastic, which means that the water is getting through the plastic to get to the water, which makes it harder for it to break down.
We didn't evolve to seek them out more like we do with desserts. 

We evolved to eat them because they were the easiest way to get nutrients.

Desserts are made up of sugar, salt, fat, and calories, and they're not as good for you as vegetables are.
It depends on the brand. 

For example, if you're talking about Apple, you can't show the Apple logo on TV because Apple is a company that owns the trademark to the Apple name.

If you want to show the company's name on TV, you have to get permission from Apple to show their logo.
The difference between being arrested, indicted, charged, and subpoenaed is probable cause.

A grand jury is a group of people sitting together to decide if there is enough evidence that someone has committed a crime. 

An indictment is when a grand jury decides that there is sufficient evidence to indict someone for a crime, and they file an indictment against them.
We can't stand perfectly still. 

We can stand still, but we can't do it perfectly still when we're drunk.

Alcohol is a depressant, and it causes your body to stop working properly.  Your body is used to being able to stand still when you're not drunk, but when you are drunk, your body stops working properly, and you can't.
When you have a blocked nose, your sinuses are filled with mucus. The mucus is stuck to the inside of your nose, so it can't drain out. 

When you block the sinuses, the mucus gets trapped in the sinus cavities, which causes the blocked side to change sides.
If the US stops paying back its loans, then the government will have to buy the bad loans back from the banks.

If the banks stop paying back their loans, they will be forced to write off the loans and sell them to the government.
The water in the tank is mixed with greywater from the shower, sink, or washing machine. The greywater is treated by the city to remove bacteria and other nasty stuff from the water, but it's still not clean enough to flush the toilet.
I'm not sure what you mean by "birthmarks".

Birthmarks are caused by the growth of blood vessels in the skin. 

They can be caused by a variety of things, but the most common cause is that the skin is too thin and the blood vessels are too small for the cells that make up the skin to function properly.

If you have a birthmark on the back of your neck, it's caused by blood vessels not being able to keep up with the weight of the skin, so they grow too small.
It's because water is constantly changing in size, shape, temperature, pressure, etc.

It's also because it's constantly changing the size and shape of the world around it, so it's hard to render it in a way that makes it look good.
The difference between high and low/popular culture is that they are two different things. 

High culture is the stuff that appeals to a certain demographic.  High culture can be anything that has a certain appeal to a specific demographic, such as music, movies, TV, books, etc.

Pop culture is what appeals to the general population.  It's the things that appeal to everyone.  For example, if you watch a show like "The Office" or "Game of Thrones", you're probably a member of the upper middle class.  If you watch the same show, you're a
It's called [Cavitation](_URL_0_).

When water falls on a hot surface (like a cooking pan), it creates a vacuum, which causes the water to expand and contract. This expands the surface of the water, and causes it to vibrate.

The sound you're hearing is the sound of the expansion and contraction of the air around the water as it expands and contracts.
A seed round is when the company is still in the very early phase of development.  

An angel or angel investor is a person who wants to invest in the company.  They can be family members and friends of the founders, or they can be outside angel investors, accredited investors, equity crowdfunding investors, or government programs.
>  What are prime numbers?

They are integers that are divisible by exactly one prime number.

Let's say you have a set of integers:

1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14,15,16,17,18,19,20,21,22,23,24,25,26,27,28,29,30,31,32,33,34,35,36,37,38,39,40,41,42,43,44,
The local loop unbundling (LLU) is a way for the ISP to get more money out of their customers.  

It's a way to get them to pay more for their service.  They don't have to compete with each other, they don't need to build out their own network, they just need to pay less for it.
Sepp Blatter is the President of the FIFA. 

He is the head of FIFA, the organization that runs the FIFA World Cup.  He is the leader of the world's most powerful football team.

Sepp has been accused of using his position to influence the outcome of the World Cup, which is illegal in the eyes of the laws of the country.
It's not real.  It's just a myth.  I'm not sure if it's real or not, but I think it's pretty cool.

_URL_0_
Iodised salt is table salt mixed with a minute amount of various salts of the element iodine. 

Rock salt is not iodized, it's just iodized with calcium silicate to prevent it from clumping.
A game engine is a set of tools that allow you to build a 3D world.  It's basically like a computer program.  

The basic idea is that the game is built on top of an object graph, which is an object-oriented representation of the 3D game world which often simplifies game design and can be used for more efficient rendering of vast virtual worlds.
Severe weather "watches" and "warnings" are issued by the National Weather Service (NWS).

A tornado watch means conditions are favorable for tornadoes and severe thunderstorms in and close to the watch area to develop.

Warnings are issued when severe weather is expected to occur.
IQ points are calculated by multiplying the subject's normalized z-score, or the standard deviation of the raw test score, by a constant standard deviation, and adding the product to 100. 

There is no cap on IQ points. The standard score range of most currently normed IQ tests is from IQ 40 to IQ 160. A score of 160 corresponds to a score of about 1 person in 30,000 (1 in a million).

If you take a test like the Stanford-Binet IV, you will get a score between 40 and 160, and if you take the test again, you get
It's not that they don't want to serve breakfast, it's that it's not profitable for them to do so. 

They don't make enough money to justify it.
Mulholland Drive (film)

It's a movie about a guy who lives in Los Angeles, California, and is trying to find his place in the world.  He lives in a house on a hillside in the middle of the city.  It's set in the 70s and 80s, and it's about how he tries to find himself in a world where he doesn't fit in.

The film is set in a time when Los Angeles was a very different place than it is now.  In the film, he's trying to figure out who he is and what
It means that the value of a currency is determined by supply and demand. 

Supply and demand are two different things.

When you buy something in a foreign country, you are buying it with a foreign currency.  If you buy it with your own currency, it is worth the same amount, but if you sell it to someone else, it will be worth a lot more.  When you sell your currency to someone in another country, they will pay you in their currency, and you will pay them in your own.  This is called "devaluation".

If you sell
Goats are a symbol of fertility, fertility, and fertility. Satan is a horned creature, and horns are symbols of fertility and power.
I think it has to do with the fact that it's a visual stimulus. When you press a button, you're telling the computer that something is happening, and the computer knows that you want it to do something. It's a way for the computer to tell you it's doing something.
I think it has to do with the way your cervix is positioned. When you're in the same sex position, you have the same amount of lubrication in your vagina as when you are in the other sex position. 

When you're not in that position, the cervix can't be lubricated as well, so it takes longer for you to ejaculate.
Payday loans are a way for people to borrow money without having to go to a bank or credit union. 

They charge a flat fee for the short term loan, which is usually expressed as a flat rate per $100 borrowed for the stated short period, usually around 25.

The company will then charge you a percentage of the total amount of the loan, and if you don't pay it off in full within a certain amount of time, they will give you a portion of the money back as interest.
A light year is the distance that it takes for light to travel in one year.
Dollar Shave Club is a membership club.  

They sell their products at a discount to members.  They don't make any money off of the membership fees, they make money from the sales of the products they sell.  If you buy a membership, they will give you a discount on the price of the product, and they will sell it to you for a fraction of the price.  This is how they make their money.
Your body has a circadian rhythm. It's a cycle of waking up in the middle of the night and going back to sleep at a certain time. When you wake up at the same time every day, your body is trying to get used to the new time zone.
It is considered humane to neuter animals because it reduces the ability to procreate. 

If there are too many cats and they are a nuisance, and if the operation will not harm them, then there is nothing wrong with it, because this is better than killing them after they have been created.
Kosher salt is a form of salt with irregularly shaped crystals, making it particularly suitable for preparing meat according to the rules of kashrut, because the increased surface area of the crystals absorbs blood more effectively.
A hurricane is defined as a storm that has sustained winds of at least hurricane strength.

A cyclone is a low pressure area. 

Hurricane is defined by the amount of wind in the air around the center of the storm.  A cyclone's center (often known in a mature tropical cyclone as the eye) is the area of lowest atmospheric pressure in the region.
It's a combination of things.

1. 

Elderly people are more prone to falling due to their gait, gait and balance problems.  They are also more likely to use assistive devices for walking.  This means that they have to use them more often.  Also, they are more susceptible to falls due to the fact that they tend to have poor vision, poor eyesight, poor balance, poor hearing, poor vision and poor balance.  These are all factors that can lead to falls.  If you are an elderly person with dementia, for example, you will
The purpose of a battleship is to be a mobile shield for other ships. 

Battleships are designed to be mobile, meaning that they can be used to defend against other ships, as well as to attack enemy targets.

For example, if you want to attack a submarine, you need to be able to fire a lot of guns at it, and if you have a bunch of guns, you can fire them all at the same time, so you don't have to worry about getting hit by a torpedo or a torpedo boat.
Your eyes are made up of a bunch of tiny lenses. 

A lens is a piece of glass that focuses light.  It's a transmissive optical device that focuses or disperses a light beam by means of refraction.

When you look through a lens, you're looking at the light coming through the lens.  If the light is coming from one side of the lens, it's going through the other, and if it's coming from the other side, then it's bouncing off the lens and bouncing off your retina.  The light bounces off of your retina, and bounces off the
Nightmares are caused by an imbalance in the brain's circadian rhythm. 

When you sleep, your brain sends signals to your body telling your body to go to sleep, and when you wake up, your body is telling your brain to go back to sleep.

Nightmares happen when your body goes to sleep at the wrong time of the night, and your brain interprets these signals as nightmares.
Oklahoma and Colorado are suing each other because they feel that the federal government is interfering with their state's ability to enforce their own laws. 

Oklahoma's Attorney General, Scott Pruitt, sued the state of Colorado, arguing that the state's legalization of marijuana was placing an undue burden on law enforcement in neighboring states, and thus increasing enforcement expenses and social harm.
Fusion is not a viable energy source.

Fusion works by fusing hydrogen atoms together in a process called fission. 

The problem with fusion is that it requires a lot more energy than we can get from conventional energy sources.  We don't have enough energy to make fusion work.
Sound in slow motion is recorded at 24 frames per second (24 fps).  When you record at 24 fps, the audio is being played back at 60 fps.  This means that the pitch of the sound is affected by the change in frame rate.  If you're recording at 60fps, the sound waves are being played at 60hz, which is about the same as the speed of sound.  But if you're playing it at 24fps, you're changing the pitch at the same rate as the audio waves.  So you're getting a higher pitched sound.

When you're shooting at 60
Some people can't think in words. Some people just can't.
It would take a long time for the government to collect all the bitcoins. 

The US government has a lot of money.  It's not like it's sitting in a vault somewhere, it's spread out all over the world.
When you are in a dark room with a computer, you can't see anything around you, but when you cover your eyes from the light you can see everything else around you.
The reason it's red is because it's the color of the plant that produces the capsaicin. Capsaicin is a chemical that causes a burning sensation in your tongue.
They don't. 

They can't.

The only way they can determine if it's a new species is by comparing it to other species that are already known.
It doesn't. 

Your phone has a GPS receiver that connects to the internet.  When you use airplane mode, your phone is not connected to the Internet, so it doesn't have access to the GPS signal.

However, if you are using a phone that is connected to a cellular network, the phone will be able to track your location.
I'm not sure what you mean by "on the fly" but I'll try to explain it.

A car has a transmission, which is basically a set of gears that are connected to the engine. The transmission is controlled by a computer. The computer knows how much power the engine is producing and how fast the car is moving, so it can adjust the gear ratios to match the engine's output. 

The computer also knows how to adjust the speed of the engine to match that of the car, so that the car will go faster or slower depending on how fast it is moving. This is
I think it has to do with your perception of time. 

When you first do something, your brain is processing the information in a linear fashion.  It takes a while for your brain to process the information, so it takes a long time to process it.  When you do it again, it takes less time for it to process.  This is why you feel like it takes longer to do something the second time.
The Thirty Meter Telescope (TMT) is being proposed to be the world's largest optical telescope.  

It will be built on Mauna Kea, the same mountain where the Keck Observatory was built in the late 1960s.  It will be the largest telescope in the world, and will be able to see far more than any other telescope at the moment.

There is a lot of controversy over the project, and it's been going on for a while.  The first telescope was built by Gerard Kuiper of the University of Arizona, and was the first telescope to be able
Sound waves travel through the air at different frequencies. 

When you play the same song at the same time on two different speakers, you are amplifying the same frequency at different times.  Your ears are able to pick up on the difference between the two frequencies, which is why you can hear the difference in volume.
The money supply is the amount of money that people are willing to pay for goods and services.

The money demand is the number of people willing to accept money in exchange for goods or services.
Compression is based on the fact that the data in a file is stored as a series of bits. 

Let's say you have a file that contains a list of numbers, and you want to know how many of them are in the list.

You can compress that list into a single byte, and then you can use that byte as a reference point to find the number of numbers in the file.  This is called lossless entropy.  It means that if you compress the file, you can find all of the numbers that are in that list, but you can't find the ones that
The Volkswagen Scandal is the result of the company rigging emissions tests in order to pass emissions tests. 

The problem is that the emissions tests are conducted by the EPA, which is a government agency.  The EPA is responsible for regulating the emissions of cars sold in the United States.  They have been doing this for a long time, but it was only recently that they discovered that they were cheating on the tests.

This is a big deal, because the EPA is the agency that sets emissions standards for cars, and they are supposed to be able to tell if a car is polluting or not
Mammalian blood cells do not have nuclei/ribosomes etc. 

They do have DNA, but it is not the same as DNA found in human cells.

DNA is found in almost every cell in our body, with exceptions such as red blood cells and the mitochondria, which are the cells that make the proteins that make up our blood. 


Red blood cells have DNA in them, but they do not contain nuclei or ribosomes, so they are not useful as DNA evidence.
Lasers don't work in the same way as reflective armor.

Lasers work by focusing light in a certain range of frequencies. 

Light travels through the visible spectrum, and reflects back to the ground, but not in the near-infrared range.  So if you have reflective armor on a plane or missile, it will reflect the light back into the air, but it will not reflect back into your eyes.  If you have transparent armor, the light will bounce off of the metal and bounce back to your eyes, but the laser will not.
Debt is a loan, equity is a share of the company. 

If you have $100,000 in debt, you owe the company $10,000.  If you want to buy a house, you have to pay the company back $50,000, and if you don't, the company has to pay you $5,000 for the house.

Equity is the difference between the value of the debt and the company's value.  It's not the same as debt, it's the difference in the value between the company and the equity.  The company is worth
When you heat up a material, it expands. 

When it's hot, the atoms in the material are moving around.  When it's cold, they're still moving around, but they're not moving as fast as they used to, so they don't have as much energy to do so.  This means that when they're hot, they have less energy to move around, and so they shrink.

If you're talking about plastic, it's the same thing.  The molecules in the plastic are all moving in the same direction, but when they get hot, some of them stop
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but here goes:

_URL_0_

1. Why do some Muslims get offended about pictures of Mohammad?
Cotton is a soft, soft material, and it's easy to absorb. It's also easy to break down and break down into smaller and smaller pieces, which is why it's often used in medication containers.
Cheesecake is a pie, but it's also a cake.

It's made with cream cheese, eggs, and sugar, and it's usually baked.
I think it has to do with your sense of smell. 

When you smell your own "smells" your brain tells your brain that you are in a situation where you need to be alert to the presence of certain chemicals in the air.  Your brain then tells your body that it needs to be aware of those chemicals, so that it can react to them.
The urethra is connected to the penis, and the testes are attached to the kidneys.

The testes and kidneys are the same organ, but the ureters are connected to each other. 

When a male urinates, the urine is expelled through the urethral opening in the male penis, which is the same as when a female urinates.
The Iron Man suit is a very expensive piece of technology, and it's not something that can be mass produced. 

It's not even possible to make a fully functional exoskeleton that's cheap enough to be used for everyday use.  It's not practical for most people, and even if you could, it would be a waste of money.
The "Rattle" is the tip of the snake's tail, which vibrates when it's not being used. 

When it vibrates, it creates a shockwave that travels through the air and travels to the brain, which is then sent to your ears.
I think it's because the show is trying to get viewers to tune in and watch the show, not the other way around. 

If a woman hits a man, it's a violation of the law, but if a man hits a woman it's not.
Your eyes are made up of pigments called melanin. Melanin is a pigment that reflects light and reflects it back to your eyes. 

The color of your eyes is determined by the amount of melanin in your iris, which is the part of your eye that reflects and reflects light.

Your eyes have a lot of pigment in them, but they are not all the same color.  They are all different shades of blue, brown, green, yellow, pink and red.
You can train your inner monologue to sound like someone else. 

It's not that hard, it's just that you have to be careful about what you say and how you say it.
The volume of atmosphere being replaced depends on a lot of factors. 

1. The amount of water in the ocean.

2. The volume of water being replaced.
Pigments are made up of a bunch of molecules that are made of different wavelengths of light.

When you mix two pigments, you are mixing two different kinds of pigments. 

Red paint is red because it absorbs all other colors in the visible spectrum except for red. Yellow paint is yellow because it is yellow, and absorbs all the other colors except for green. 


So, if you mix red paint with yellow paint, you will have red paint and yellow paint. The red paint will absorb the green, and the yellow paint will reflect the red, and vice versa.
They are sold to people who are willing to pay the full price for them. If they don't sell, they are returned to the store.
It's called the Leidenfrost effect. 

Basically, when you walk on hot coals, you're walking on the surface of the coals.  Your skin is not a conductor of heat.  When you walk over a hot coal, your skin is exposed to a lot of heat, and it's not very good at absorbing heat.

So when you step on a hot coal, you are walking on a surface that is very hot.  It's not like you're standing on a sheet of paper, or a piece of paper that's very cold.  You're walking
It's the mucosa in the back of your throat. When you are sick, your body's immune system is trying to fight off an infection, so it's trying to get rid of whatever it is that's making you sick. 

When you're sick, it's easier for your immune system to fight the infection because it's less likely to spread to other parts of your body.
Algorithmic trading is when you use a computer program to predict what the price of a stock is going to go up or down. 

For example, let's say you have a stock that is worth $0.01.  You want to sell it for $1.50.  So you have an algorithm that predicts that the price will go up.

Now, if the price goes up, you can sell the stock at $1, but if it goes down, you have to wait for the price to go back up.  This is called "market timing".

If the
It's not that they don't want to destroy it, it's that they want to get rid of it as soon as possible. 

If they find a gun that's been used to commit a crime, they can't just return it to the owner.
It's not really uploading, it's downloading. 

When you connect to the internet, your computer sends a stream of data to your computer.  It's called a "packet" and it's basically a series of packets.  Each packet is a byte.  The packets are divided into 32 bits and sent to the computer, which is the computer's memory.  When the computer receives a packet, it sends it to the server, which then sends it back to you.

If you're uploading a video, you're sending a packet of data, and the server is receiving a packet
Depression can cause a lot of things, but the most common is that it can cause nausea.

When you are depressed, your body is trying to get rid of the chemicals in your stomach that cause you to feel sick. These chemicals are called endorphins, and they are released by your brain. When you are in a state of depression, these chemicals are released in your brain, and your brain interprets them as nausea, which is why you feel sick when you go to the bathroom.
When you heat something up, you're changing the chemical composition of the food. 

When the food is cooked, the molecules in it are exposed to a lot of heat, and the molecules react with each other.

For example, when you cook a steak, the amino acids in the meat react with the sugars in the bread, and you get the flavor that you're looking for. When you heat it up, the sugars react with amino acids, and that's what gives the food its flavor.
I think it has to do with the fact that your brain has a lot of time to process what you're doing. 

When you're in a shower, your brain is in a state of heightened alertness.  Your brain is trying to process all of the information it's receiving at once.  It's a lot easier for your brain to process information than it is when you're out in the open air.

It's also easier for you to focus on what's going on around you.  When you're outside, you can't focus as much.  If you're inside, you
The Romans used to have a 9-12 month calendar.  They used to divide the year into 12 months.  

The reason they did this is because they wanted to keep track of the number of days in the year.  The first month was called Quintilis, which was the "sixth" month.  It had 29 days, and was the seventh of ten months on the Roman calendar that began with March (mensis Martius, "Mars' month").  It was originally the seventh month, but was renamed Augustus in honor of the first Roman emperor, who had adopted his grandnephew Octavian, the future Augustus
It's good for new writers because they get exposure. 

It's bad for established writers because it means that they have to pay more attention to their own work.

Edit: I'm not sure what you mean by "new writers or not".
SVG is a vector graphics format. 

Imagine you have a sheet of paper, and you want to draw something on it.  You draw a line from one end to the other.  If you draw the line in the middle, you get a vector.  But if you draw it in the opposite direction, you end up with a line that looks like a circle.

SVG allows you to draw a circle in the same direction, but instead of drawing a line on the paper, you draw a vector of the shape you want.  This is called a polygon.
GDP is a measure of the total size and output of the economy. 

If you have $10,000,000 in debt, and you spend $100,000 on goods and services, you will have $100 in GDP.

But if you have 10,000 dollars in debt and spend $50,000 of that, you'll have $50 in GDP, and $50 will have to be paid back in interest.  So if you spend 10 dollars of GDP, you have to pay back 10% of your debt in interest, and 10% in taxes.  If you spend
It's called an itch-scratch cycle. 

When you scratch a bug bite, your body releases chemicals that irritate your skin.  These chemicals irritate the nerve fibrils in your skin, which causes it to itch.  This is why you feel the itch even if you don't scratch it.
Your skin is made up of two layers, the basal layer and the peridermis. The basal layer is a stem cell layer and through asymmetrical divisions, becomes the source of skin cells throughout life. The periderm is the outermost layer of your skin, and contains the hair follicle.

The basal layer contains the keratin, which is the protein that makes up your hair. When you get a blemish, your skin is exposed to the air, and it oxidizes, causing the hair to be darker.
Cloning is the process of creating a genetically identical copy of an organism. 

Imagine you have an egg, and you want to make a baby.  So you take the egg and put it in a machine.  The machine takes the DNA from the egg, puts it in the machine, and makes a clone of the egg.

Now imagine that you have two eggs, one egg and one sperm.  You take the sperm from one egg, put it into the machine and make a clone.  Now you have a baby that is genetically identical to the egg that was cloned.
Dogs don't *think* they are happy when they are smiling, they *are* happy.

It's just that we think so because we perceive a smile as positive. 

_URL_0_
I'm not sure if this is ELI5, but I'll try my best to explain it.

Butler's gender performativity is the idea that gender is a construct of social norms. 

For example, if you are born with a penis and a clitoris, you are a male, and if you have a vagina, you're a female.  But if you're born with both, you can be a man and a woman, and you can also be a boy and a girl, but you can't be both at the same time, because you are not the same person
We are not the only animals that wake up groggy in the morning. 

Humans are diurnal animals.  Our body has a circadian rhythm.  We sleep at night and wake up at the same time every day.  This means that when we sleep, our body releases melatonin, which makes us feel groggy.

We are also diurnal, which means that our body produces melatonin during the night and releases it during the day, which causes us to wake up in the middle of the night.
FIFA is a world governing body for international football. 

The United States is the host nation of the World Cup.  It's the only country in the world that has ever hosted the tournament, and it's the country with the best record of hosting it.  The US is also home to the best team in the history of the sport, and the US has a reputation for being a great place to play.

It's not a coincidence that the US was chosen as the host of the 2010 World Cup, and that it's also the country that won the bid to host the 2022 World Cup
It doesn't. 

The computer has a set of rules and input that it uses to generate random numbers.  These rules are stored in a variable called a state variable.  When you run a program, the state variable tells the computer what it wants to do.  The computer then uses that state variable to generate a random number.

If you want to generate "random" numbers, you can use a pseudo-random number generator.  This is a computer that generates random numbers at a rate of hundreds of thousands of times per second.  If you have a computer with a lot of RAM
They didn't take off their yellow stars because they didn't want to be identified as Jews. It was a way for the Nazis to identify them.
I think it has to do with the typewriter keyboard layout.

When typewriters were first invented, they used a mechanical type wheel, which was very slow and very hard to type on. The first keyboard layout was QWERTY, which is a combination of Dvorak and Qwerty. 

In the early 1900s, the switch was switched to Dvoraks, which were much faster and easier to use, but were more difficult to use. The switch was also harder to change, so the keyboard was set up in such a way that it was difficult to change the layout.
You can increase the speed of sound by using different gasses, but it depends on the temperature of the gasses. 

If you're talking about a hot gas, it's not going to be able to travel at the same speed as a cold gas.  It's going to take a lot more energy to heat up the gas than it does to cool it down.  If you want to speed it up, you need to increase the temperature.

The problem is that you need a lot of energy to get the same amount of energy from the same gasses to travel the same distance.
Iron is the last element that is fuseable. 

Fusion is the process by which all the elements are created.

If you think of it like this:

1. You have a bunch of atoms in the universe, and they all want to fuse together.
2. They want to do so by fusing with each other.
3. They have a lot of energy to do it.
4. They can't do it by themselves.
5. They need to fuse with other atoms.
6. The atoms need to be in a stable state.
7.
The Visitor Design Pattern is based on the idea that if you have a lot of people in one place, you want to make it so that they can easily find their way to the other side of the street. 

If you have lots of people walking down the street at the same time, and you want them to be able to see each other, you have to make sure that they are able to find each other easily.

This means that you need to make the street look like it's a big open space, and that you want it to look like there are lots of places for people to
Colon cleanses are used to clean out the bacteria that live in your colon. 

The idea is that the bacteria in your intestines can cause you to get sick, so it's important to get rid of them.

Some people believe that if you don't clean out your colon, you're not getting rid of all the bacteria, but just some of them, which is why they're so popular.
Hair is made up of keratin, which is a protein that is very strong and has a lot of water repelling properties. 

Hair grows in specific places because keratin is a very strong protein, and because it helps to keep the skin from drying out.

Your skin has a layer of lanolin on top of the keratin that keeps the skin moisturized.  This layer is called the cuticle.  The cuticle is the outer covering.
It depends on what you mean by "more weight". 

If you're talking about the amount of water in your urine, it depends on how much water you drink.  
 
When you're dehydrated, your body uses up more water than it uses up.  Your body uses water to keep you hydrated.  If you drink a lot of water during the day, you'll lose weight.  When you urinate, you're using up less water, so your body will use less water to maintain your weight.
Ski boots have been made for a long time. 

They are made of leather, which is a very tough material.  They are designed to be very durable, but they are also made of a material that can break down easily.

The problem is that we don't know how to make them so that they don't hurt yet.
I think it has to do with the way we view money. We view money as an active agent, capable of doing things, of growth. 

When you have a lot of money, you can spend it on things you don't need, like food, shelter, clothing, etc.

But when you have very little money, it's hard for you to spend it because you can't get it.
The "scoring" system works like this:

1. You start with a position, and you move up to the next position.

2. You move down to the bottom of the game tree. 

3. You make a new position. 


4. You play the game.  
5. You draw.
6. You win.
7. You advance.
8. You lose.
9. You score.
10. You go back to the top.
11. You do the same thing.
12. You add up all the moves.
13. You get the score.
Your brain is constantly processing information. 

When you read a word, your brain is processing it in parallel to your brain processing other information.

For example, if you are reading a book, you're reading a page of text, and your brain takes a moment to process the text.  You're reading the text, but your brain isn't processing it all at once.  It takes a few seconds for your brain to process it all.  This is because your brain doesn't have enough time to process all of the information that is being sent to it, so it takes a bit of time
Identical twins share 100% of their genes with the other twin.

Fraternal twins share only about 50% of the genes with any other sibling.
Your right hand has three bones called the phalanges that are aligned in a linear row like box cars in a train. The middle and ring fingers have separate extensors, which allow you to move them independently.

Your left hand has two sets of bones, the proximal and distal phalanx. The proximal joint is the one closest to the palm, the distal joint is closer to the wrist, and the middle joint is farther from the palm. 

When you grow up, you have two pairs of bones in your hand, one in your palm and one in the middle
You can find the keys on a keyboard by looking down at the bottom of the keyboard.

When you look down at a keyboard, you are looking at the number of letters on the keyboard, not the actual number of keys.
I'm not sure what's going on with Kanye and Taylor, but I'm guessing it has something to do with Kanye's beef with the media. 

Kanye has been very vocal about his dislike of the media, and Taylor has been vocal about her dislike of him.  
   

 
In a recent interview, Kanye said that he doesn't like the fact that the media is biased against him, and that he would like to be able to say that he's not the only one.  He also said that if the media doesn't give him a fair shake, he will
Web development is the technical aspect of building a website. 

Web design is the visual aspect of a website, which includes graphics, graphics, typography, and typography.

Programming is the non-technical aspect of web development, which involves coding and writing markup and site hierarchy, including: client side coding, server-side coding, database database, and database technology.
Helium is a heavier than air, so when you let go of it, it expands, and the balloon pops.
Your digestive tract takes about 6 hours to complete digestion. 

When you eat, your intestines are full of bacteria and other stuff that your body doesn't want to digest.

Your stomach is full of water, so it takes a long time for the water to drain out of your stomach, and the bacteria that make up your digestive tract to start digesting the food, so you have to take a dump almost immediately after eating.
They don't. 

The skin that is wrinkled is the outer layer of the umbilical cord, which is the skin at the opening to the birth canal.  When the baby is born, it's already stretched out, so it doesn't need to be wrinkled.
We pasteurize cow milk because it contains bacteria that are harmful to humans. 

Pasteurization kills off bad bacteria, but it doesn't kill off all the good bacteria.
We don't know. 

We know that there are a finite number of animals left, but we don't really know how many of them are left.  We know that they are going to die out, but that's about it.

There's no way to know for sure.  It's like saying that there's only a finite amount of people left.
A robot leg is a mechanical leg that is attached to a human leg.  It uses the same muscles as the human leg, but it can be programmed to do the same things as a human. 

A robotic arm is a robotic arm that can be attached to the human arm, and can be controlled by the human brain.

When you have a limb amputated, the nerves that used to control the muscles in your leg will no longer work.  So, you have to rewire the nerves in the leg so that they are able to work again.  This is called osseointegration.
I think it's because the US is a relatively safe place to live. 

In the US, there are a lot of people who don't feel like they are at risk of being targeted by terrorists, so they don't go out and do it.
Because they are legal "persons". 

If you're not a citizen, you don't have to pay taxes at the same rate as a corporation.
Chemical weapons are designed to kill or incapacitate people. Conventional weapons are used to kill people. Chemical weapons are intended to injure, incapacitate, or kill an opposing force, or deny unhindered use.
I think it's because it's cheaper to leave them outside than to buy them at the store.
Most wild animals have evolved to be able to run away from humans. 

The reason they don't flee is because they are afraid of us.  They are afraid that if they run away, we will kill them and they will die.
I think it's because they are getting more coverage. 

There are a lot of terrorist attacks outside of war zones, but they are not as well known as they used to be.

In the past, there was a lot more coverage of the 9/11 attacks because it was the first time a terrorist attack happened outside of a war zone, and the media wanted to get the word out about it.
I think it's because of the way the microphones are set up today. 

Back in the 50s and 60s, the microphones were set up in a way that allowed people to record their own voices.  The microphones were also set up so that they didn't interfere with each other.

Today, microphones are not set up that way, so the microphones have to be set up differently.
OpenVPN is an open source protocol that allows you to send and receive data over the Internet. 

It works by encrypting and decrypting the data that is being sent over the internet.

If you want to use it, you need to have a VPN installed on your computer.
Hazmat workers are provided disposable PPE and not allowed to take contamination home to their families
Cadbury's chocolate is not illegal in the US.  

Hershey's is not allowed to sell Cadbury's chocolates in the U.S.  It is illegal for them to sell it in other countries.
Our eyes have three types of photoreceptors, cone, long, medium, and short.  

Red, green, and blue are the primary colors because they are the most sensitive to light of different wavelengths.

Yellow, orange, and violet are the secondary colors, because they have the least sensitivity to light.
I think it's because the muscles around your mouth are used to making the sound. When you hold your hand close to your mouth, you're using the muscles in your mouth to make the sound, not your hand.
The Democrats and Republicans have different approaches to debt reduction. 

The Democrats want to cut spending and increase income for a debt reduction (LI5)

Republicans want to raise the debt ceiling (the debt ceiling is the amount of money the government has to pay in order to avoid defaulting on its obligations).

Democrats want to reduce spending and raise income.

They want to increase income and raise taxes

But the Republicans don't want to do that.
Tasers are designed to incapacitate the target. 

A gun is designed to kill.  A Taser is a non-lethal weapon.  It's designed to immobilize the target, not kill them.
Cancer is not a routine process. 

Cancerous tumors are not something that can be easily detected.  It is possible to have a benign tumor, but it is much more difficult to detect a cancerous tumor than it is to detect cancerous tumors.

It is also possible for a tumor to grow out of control and spread to other parts of the body.  This is called metastasis, and it can be treated with chemotherapy and radiation.
I think it's because they want you to see the top stories first, then the most recent.
I'm not sure if this is ELI5, but I think it has to do with the fact that the gel is made of glycerol, which is a non-ionic kosmotrope that forms strong hydrogen bonds with water molecules, competing with water-water hydrogen bonds. 

Glycerol has a lower freezing point than water, so when it freezes, it binds to the water molecules in the gel and prevents them from forming ice crystals.
It's not genetic, it's epigenetic. 

Epigenetics is the process of changing the way the DNA is expressed in your cells.  When you have two copies of a gene, one copy of the gene codes for X and one for Y, the other copy codes for Z.  If you have a copy of X that codes for Y but not Y, then you will have X and Y.

If you have Y and Z that code for X, then Y will code for Y.  This means that if you have X, and Y has Y, you will also have Y
I think it's because it's becoming more and more acceptable to use incorrect subject/verb agreement when referencing groups. 

For example, if you're referring to a group of people, you might use the pronoun "they" instead of "they", which is more grammatically correct.
Graphene nanoribbons are not organic photovoltaic cells.

They are a type of semiconductor. 

A solar cell is a semiconductor that is made up of a thin layer of silicon and a layer of organic molecules.  The silicon molecules are the electrons, and the organic molecules act as the light emitters.  So, if you want to make a solar cell, you need to make it out of silicon, and you have to make sure that the molecules are in contact with each other, and that the electrons are in the right place on the surface of the silicon
I'm not sure what you mean by "without a college degree", but I'm going to assume you're talking about a degree in business.

If you have a bachelor's degree, you can get a job as a sales associate at a department store, or a sales manager at a hardware store. 

You can also get a part-time job at a clothing store, but you'll have to be willing to put in a lot of hours, and you'll need to be able to pay your bills on time.
Horse property is land that is owned by the owner of the horse. 

In the US, it is land owned by a person who owns the horse, not by the government.
Yes.  

Credit cards and debit cards have been around for a long time.  It's just a matter of how long it takes for them to become widespread.  In the US, it's only been a few years, but in other countries it's been happening for a while.

In the UK, they've been doing it for years, and in the Netherlands it's happened for years.  They've even tried to implement it in Germany, but it's still not widespread.
YimNm is just a shade of blue. 

It's not a new colour, it's just a color that's been around for a long time.

In fact, it was known as "cyan blue" or cyan-blue, and its first recorded use as a color name in English was in 1879.
Sleep paralysis is when you are unable to move. 

Lucid dreams are when you're lucid.

When you're asleep, your brain thinks you're in a dream, but you're not.  You can't move, you're paralyzed, you can't speak, you have no idea what's going on.  It's like being trapped in a nightmare.  When you wake up, you don't know what you're dreaming about.
The black hole would become so dense that it would no longer be able to absorb light. 

It would become a black hole because it would have no energy left to absorb any light at all.

The only thing that would remain would be Hawking radiation, which would be emitted by the black hole.
Dictionaries use diacritics to indicate the pronunciation of words. 

For example:

_URL_0_
The EU is not a single market.  It is a collection of countries that share the same laws and regulations.  If you live in one country and work in another, you pay taxes in both countries.

If you work in a country that doesn't have free taxes for non-EU citizens, you don't pay taxes there.  You pay tax in the other country, but not in the one you're working in.
If you were to teleported back in time, you would die from the plague of that generation. 

There is no known immunity to the diseases of the day.
The water at the bottom of the falls is still there, it's just not as deep as it was when the water was at the top. 

It's not that the water is gone, it just isn't as deep.
We know that there is water on Mars, but we don't know where it is. 

We don't even know if there is life on Mars.

If there was life, it would have to be on the surface of the planet, and it would need to have been there for a long time for it to be able to survive. 


We can't live on Mars right now, because it's too cold and too dry for us to live there.
It means "basic". 

"Basic" is a term used to refer to things that are easy to understand, simple, and not complicated.

For example:

_URL_0_
An ARG is a military exercise where the military is training for a specific type of action.  It's basically a scenario where the soldiers are given a list of tasks to do, and they are given instructions on how to carry out those tasks.

For example:

1. Take a group of soldiers and tell them that they are going to go on a mission.  They will be given a map of the area they are to go to, and the instructions on what to do.  The soldiers will be told what they need to do and how to do it. 

2. They
I think it has to do with the conductor. Classical orchestras have a lot of time to rehearse, and the conductor has to be able to keep up with all of that. Rock bands, on the other hand, don't have as much time.
Plants use a pigment called chlorophyll. 

Chlorophyll is a type of pigment that absorbs green light and reflects it back to the plant.  It is the reason that most plants have a green color.

Carotenoids are red, orange, or yellow tetraterpenoids.  They are the pigments that are used in the leaves of plants.  These pigments are used to absorb light and reflect it back into the plant, which is why they are green.
It depends on the type of fracture. 

If you break a bone, the pain is caused by the nerves in the area of the fracture being damaged.  If you break the bone in your leg, the nerves that send pain signals to your leg will be sent to the part of your leg that is being damaged, which will be the part that feels the pain.
He was a bit of a prude, but he was also a very likable guy. He had a good sense of humor, and he was a good actor, so he was able to get away with a lot of things.
Methane is a greenhouse gas. 

Carbon dioxide is the most potent greenhouse gas in the atmosphere.  It traps heat per mass unit.  But it is also the most reactive.  When it reacts with water, it turns into CO2, which is a very powerful greenhouse gas, and when it is oxidized, it becomes carbon monoxide.  Carbon monoxide (CO2) is the second most reactive greenhouse gas after methane, and it is the one that causes the most warming.

The amount of CO2 in the air is increasing, and the amount of methane is increasing
It is safe to keep foods such as cake, pastries and bread at room temperature for days when they contain ingredients (such as milk/egg/butter) which should be kept refrigerated. 

However, it is not safe to refrigerate eggs and milk because they contain a lot of bacteria and mold which can cause food poisoning.
A "shill" is a person who sells something or serves biased interests, using pushy or showy tactics. 

For example, if you are a sports fan, and you want to get a ticket to a game, you might go to a local sports bar, and the guy selling the tickets will tell you that he is going to sell you tickets to the game for $10, and he'll tell you how much the game is worth.

If you're a business owner, you may want to go to the local sporting goods store, and get the same guy who sells the tickets for
It's called "phantom vibration syndrome". It's caused by the fact that your brain thinks you're falling from a really high place, but you're not. 

It's not a physical thing, it's a mental thing.

When you think about falling, your brain sends a signal to your inner ear telling you that you're going to fall. Your inner ear interprets this signal as a vibration, and your brain interprets it as a tingling feeling in your genitals.
It's not a measure of how much money each candidate has raised, it's a measurement of how close they are to winning the election. 

If a candidate raises more money than the other candidates, they are more likely to win.  If they raise less money, they will lose.
It's not just CGI. 

It's the fact that the actors are trained to move in the way that they are trained, and trained to act the way they do.

In older movies, the actors were trained to do things in a way that was not possible with CGI, and the special effects crew was trained to perform the same way. 


In modern movies, actors are not trained to fight in the ways that they do, so they have to be trained in a different way. They have to learn how to move their bodies in ways that are impossible with CGI. They also have
I'm not sure what you're talking about. 

Lohan has been in the public eye for a long time, and she's still making a lot of money.

She's been in movies for a while now, so she's probably made a lot more money than she used to, but that doesn't mean that she doesn't still have a huge amount of money, she just doesn't have as much of it anymore.
It's not that bad movies can't be deemed bad before the movie is completed, it's just that the public has a right to know before they see it. 

If you release a movie to the public before it's finished, the public will know that it's a bad movie, and they'll be able to judge it based on that.
Silicon has a high melting point, which means that it conducts electricity at a higher temperature than other semiconductors.  This means that when it reaches a certain temperature, it stops being able to conduct electricity.

When it reaches that temperature, the electrons in the semiconductor start to move faster than the electrons on the outside of the chip.  The electrons are attracted to the silicon, which causes it to become more conductive.  When the electrons start moving faster, they start to get attracted to other electrons as well.  

This leads to more electrons moving through the chip, which leads
Chocolate is made up of a bunch of tiny little balls of sugar and fat. When it's stored in the fridge, the fat and sugar crystals form in a layer around the chocolate, which makes it harder for it to melt. 

Chocolate has a very high melting point, which means that if it's not refrigerated, it will melt faster than if it is.
It doesn't prevent bombs from being hidden in laptops, but it does prevent them from being taken out of the bag. 

If you have a laptop in your carry-on, you can't take it out of your bag and put it in a bag that is not checked.
Molecules are made up of a bunch of molecules. 

When you put a load on a molecule, you're applying a force to it.  The force is proportional to the size of the molecule.  So if you take a piece of paper and put it on the floor, you'll get a force of 1/10th of the force applied to the paper.

If you put the paper on a table, the force of the load is 1/100th the amount of force applied.  If you take the paper off the table, you will get 1/1000th the force
The ball is made up of a bunch of charged particles. 

When a lightning bolt hits the ground, it creates a voltage difference between the ground and the air above it, which causes the air around it to become electrically charged.

The air above the ground is so charged that it acts as a conductor, and the electricity flows through it, creating a path for the electricity to flow to the ball.
Humans can't "adapt" to their environment. 

They can, but they can't do it in the same way that animals can.

Humans don't have fur, we don't grow fur because we need it.  We don't need it because we can't live in cold climates, we need to live in warm climates because we have fur. 


A bird's beak doesn't change shape because of what it eats.  It changes shape because it has a mutation in its DNA that allows it to grow fur.
Calculus is a system of mathematics that deals with solving differential equations.  

For example, let's say you want to know how long it takes for a bullet to travel from one point to another.  If you know the distance between two points, and you know how fast the bullet is going, you can use differential calculus to figure out how long the bullet will take to travel to the other point, and how fast it will travel.

Let's say we know that the bullet travels from point A to point B, and we know how far it will go, but we don't know how
It's not that they don't want people to make mods, it's that they're afraid that people will take advantage of them and make bad mods. 

There are a lot of games out there that are successful because of modding, but not because of it.
Absolute space is something that is infinitely divisible. 

Imagine that you are standing in the middle of the universe.  You are in space, but you are also in time.  If you are in time, you are at the center of space.  But if you are moving, you will be at the edge of space, and you will not be moving at all.

If you are not moving, then you are still in space.
We can, but we can't yet replicate the composition of expensive aged drinks like old Whiskey and Cognac.  

Whiskey is made by distilling grain alcohol in a pot still, and then aging it in oak barrels for years.  Cognac is aged in the same way, but with a different method of distillation.  It's made with different types of grain, and it's aged in different kinds of barrels.
I think it's because they were seen as not very good when they came out. 

Waterworld was a huge hit when it came out, and it's still considered a classic today.

Boomerang is a classic because it's a really good movie.
Copper is a very soft and malleable metal, which means that it is very easy to bend and deform under tensile stress. 

When you stretch a wire, you are stretching the electrons in the wire, and this causes the electrons to move from one end of the wire to the other.

This means that the electrons are able to travel a long distance between the ends of the wires, which is why they are so good conductors.
Soap does not affect your skin cells under the skin.  It's not a surface antibacterial agent, it's a surface detergent.  Soap is used to clean the surface of your skin, so it doesn't affect the cells under your skin.

Antibacterial agents like triclosan, triclocarban, and permethrin are used to remove bacteria from the skin, but they don't damage the cells underneath.
There are a lot of Republicans running for President. 

There are many reasons.

1. The Republican Party is in a state of disarray.  The party has been in power for a long time.  They have been in the minority in Congress for decades, and they have been unable to put forth a viable candidate to challenge the current president.  This is why they have had so many failed candidates in the past.  It's not that the party is in disarray, it's that they have not been able to put forward a candidate who can win the general election.
Pants are measured by circumference and inseam. 

In men's pants, the circumference is measured in inches, in women's pants it's measured in millimeters.

The circumference of a men's pant is measured by the circumference of the waist, and the circumference in inches.  In women's trousers, it's by the waist circumference.
I think it's because you're procrastinating sleep. 

I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it has something to do with the fact that you're not used to going to bed at a certain time of the day.
IQ stands for "General Intelligence. 

It's a measure of how well you can think and understand things.

For example, if you have an IQ of 100, you are a genius.  You can think of it as being able to understand things that other people can't understand.  If you have a 100 IQ, you can understand things other people cannot understand.
Your inner ear is telling your brain that you are moving, and your eyes are telling you that you're not.

When you drink alcohol, your inner ear has a lot of fluid in it, and when it stops working, your eyes stop working. 

Your brain then sends out signals to your vestibular system, which tells your eyes to stop working, and tells your brain to start working again. This is why you get dizzy when you're drunk.
It's because film is shot at a very slow speed.  The film is cranked by a hand crank, which causes the film to move at a constant rate.  When you watch a movie at 24 fps, the film is moving at 24 frames per second.  If you watch it at 30 fps, you'll notice that the film moves at a much faster rate.

The reason for this is because the film itself is not moving at the same rate as the camera.  It's moving at different speeds, and the film has to be cranked at different rates to keep up with that.
Nuclear weapons are a tool of war. They can be used in a conventional war, but they can also be used as a nuclear weapon in a nuclear war.

There are two main reasons why countries can have nuclear weapons:

1. They are part of the Nuclear Non Proliferation Treaty (NPT). The NPT is a treaty that prohibits the production and use of nuclear weapons by any state. It was signed in the early days of the Cold War, and it was ratified by the United States and the USSR in the late 1950s. The treaty was signed under the threat of nuclear war, and the
Your hair is made of pigments called melanin. When you grow older, your body stops producing melanin, which is the pigment that gives your hair its color. 

Some people have more melanin in their hair than others, and some people have less melanin than others.
When you're upside down, your spinal cord is compressed, and the nerves on both sides of the spinal cord are compressed. 

When you are upright, the pressure is equalized on all parts of the body, so that the pressure on all the parts of your body is equal.

If you are upside down for an extended period of time, your body will start to relax, and your muscles will contract, causing you to be able to move your arms and legs more freely.
It's a relay. 

A relay is a device that connects the car horn to a transmitter.  The transmitter is connected to the car's transceiver, which is a speaker.  When the car is running, the transmitter sends a signal to the horn, and the car hears that signal.  It's like a switch.

The car horn has a diaphragm that has an electromagnet acting on it in one direction and a spring pulling in the opposite direction.  If you push a button on the car, the spring pulls in the other direction, which causes the di
Your junk mail filter works by looking at the number of emails in your inbox and sorting them into categories.  

If you have a lot of junk mail, your spam filter will look at how many times a day you open a new email and see if it's junk or not.  If it sees that it's not junk, it won't send it to you.  It will also look at the amount of time you open an email and whether it's spam or not, and if it doesn't see that, it will send it back to the sender.
They don't take collateral because they don't want to lose money.

They lend money to other countries because they know they can't get screwed if the other country defaults.
The Romans used to have a 12-month calendar. 

They used to divide the year into 12 months.  They used to use the same number of days in each month, but the Romans decided to add an extra day to the end of each month to make the year longer.  The reason they did this is because they wanted to give the year a longer length than the previous year, so they decided to give each month 31 days.

The reason the month of Sextilis had 31 days is because it was named in honor of Julius Caesar, who had adopted his grand-nep Octavian, the future Augustus, and made him his heir.
Cones and pyramids are dihedral angles of 2π/3. This means that the volume of a cone is exactly 1/3 of a prism's volume.
Electrostatics is the study of electrical potentials.

Think of it like this:

Imagine you have a piece of metal, and you have an electric field around it. 

If you put a magnet on top of it, you can feel the magnetic field around the metal, but you can also feel the electric potentials around it as well. 


When you move the metal around, you are creating a static electric potential.  If you move it around a little bit, you will feel the static potentials as well, but they are not static, they are dynamic.
The day after you drink too much alcohol, your body releases a hormone called acetaldehyde, which causes you to feel tired, dehydrated, and dehydrated. This hormone is produced by the liver, which is responsible for the hangovers. 

When you drink a lot of alcohol, the liver releases acetaldehyde in your blood, which makes you feel tired and thirsty. When you drink less alcohol the next day, your liver releases less acetaldehyde and you feel better.
Emergency brake is when the car detects that the brakes are not working properly, and automatically applies the brakes. 

Normal brake works by depressing a master cylinder, which pushes air out of the master cylinder and pushes the brake down.

When you apply the emergency brake, you're pushing air out, which causes the brake to compress.  When the car is stopped, the pressure is released and the air is released.  This causes the car to slow down, which increases the amount of energy the car has to exert to keep the car from rolling over.  If you don't have a normal brake,
We are looking into the sky, but we're not looking into outer space. 

We're looking at the Milky Way galaxy, which is the center of the universe.
The brain is a very complicated organ, so it's not something that can be treated in a single operation. 

It needs to be treated with a variety of treatments, including radiation, chemotherapy, surgery, and brain surgery.
Boltzmann's brain is a fully formed brain, complete with memories of a full human life in our universe. It was first proposed as a reductio ad absurdum response to the first law of thermodynamics, which predicted that the universe would spontaneously fluctuate to a low-entropy state. 

The problem is that we don't really know how it came about. We don't know what caused it to happen, but we know that it was caused by the expansion of the universe, which is what we call the Big Bang. We also know that we are not alone in the universe.
It's not that you "will" yourself to be more awake and alert, it's that your body has a limit to how much energy it can use. 

When you're sleep deprived, your body uses up a lot of energy.  Your body is trying to get rid of the excess energy it has stored in your body.  When you're awake, you're trying to use that energy to do other things.

Your body is also trying to make sure that you don't overdo it.  If you spend too much time in bed and don't get enough sleep, you'll get
It's not that they don't care about black on black crime, it's that they are more concerned with white on white crime. 

Black on black is a very complicated issue, and it's not something that can be talked about in the same way as black on white.  It's not about "white on black", it's about "black on white" crime.
In Spanish and French, grammatical gender is determined by the endings of the nouns. 

For example, in Spanish, "casa" is masculine, "house" is feminine.

In French, "map" and "maple" are masculine, and feminine.
Value is the amount of money the consumer is willing to pay for a product or service.

Cost is the cost of producing the product. 

For example, if you want to make a cake, you need to produce a cake.  You need to buy the cake, and you have to pay the cost to make it.  If you sell the cake for $10, then you're making $10.  But if you sell it for $20, then the cost is $20.  So if you make the cake at $20 and sell it at $30, you'll make $
Chemical analysis is the study of the chemical composition of a substance. 

The first step is to take a sample of the substance and determine its chemical composition.

This is usually done by using a microscope or a spectrometer. 


First, the sample is collected and analyzed using a variety of methods.



1. The sample is analyzed with a microscope

2. The chemical composition is determined

3. The analytical method is selected

4. The substance is analyzed

5. The analysis is performed

6. The results are reported

7
When you first shampoo your hair, the water in the shampoo is mixed with the oil in your hair. When you rinse it off, the oil is removed from your hair and the water is left behind.

When you apply a second shampoo, you are mixing the oil with the water again. The oil is still there, but the water has been washed out of it. This causes the oil to stick to the surface of the shampoo, creating a foam.
It's not that they get paid ridiculously high, it's that the NCAA has a cap on the amount of money they can give out to coaches. 

It's also not that college football players don't get a penny.  They do.  It's just that they don't play the same amount of games as other sports.
He's too small to be a starting quarterback in the NFL. He's too short to be able to throw the ball down the field, he's too slow to run the ball, and he's not athletic enough to catch the ball out of the backfield.
You can't. 

Hard drives store data in logical block addresses.  These are places on the disk where the data is written.  When you write something to a file, you write it to a place where it is not written.

When you delete something, you overwrite that place.  You can't erase the entire disk, but you can overwrite the part of the disk that is currently occupied by the file.  If you write a new file to that spot, it will be overwritten by the new file.
Jack White is a very talented artist. He has a great voice, a great guitar, and a great sense of humor. 

He's also a great storyteller.  He's written a lot of great songs, and he's written some of the best songs in the history of rock music.
Short passwords are easier to crack than long passwords. 

Longer passwords are harder to crack because they have more possible combinations of letters, numbers, and special characters.  If you try to crack a password that is longer than 8 characters, you will have to guess every possible combination of letters and numbers.

Short passwords have less possible combinations, so it's harder for an attacker to guess them.
Medicine is a food.

Food is food. 

A medicine is a substance that is used to treat a disease or condition that cannot be met by a normal diet. 


A medical food is food that is specially formulated and intended for the specific dietary management of a disease that has distinctive nutritional requirements that can't be met in normal diet, based on recognized scientific principles.  It is not food.
Neoliberalism is the belief that the government should be less involved in the economy and more involved in it.

Liberals believe that the economy is a free market, and that government should not interfere with it. 

Capitalism is a belief that government is a necessary part of the economy, but that it should not be a dominant part of it.
It's not inherently bad for us, it's just that we evolved to adapt to it. 

When you eat something that's naturally bad for you, your body has a bunch of mechanisms in place to prevent you from ingesting it. If you eat a piece of bread, you have enzymes in your body that make sure you don't eat it, and if you eat it too much, you will get sick and die.

If you eat too much of something, you're going to get sick, and you'll die, and your body won't be able to do anything about it.
Means of production are the things that are used to make things. 

For example, if you want to make a tool, you need to have the tools to make it.  You need to know how to make the tools, and how to use them.  If you need a tool to make something durable, then you need the means of production to make that tool.

If you want a tool that is durable, but not durable enough to be used for long periods of time, then it needs to be made into something that can be used long enough to last a long period of time.
Tire treads are made of rubber that has grooves cut into the road surface. The grooves are designed to allow water to be expelled from beneath the tire and prevent hydroplaning in light rain. 

When the treads touch the road, they compress the air in the road and push it out of the way. This causes the air to compress and push against the tread, which causes the tread to deform and push the air away from the road.

This causes the road to deform, which is what causes the tire to be able to turn.
It's called the "birthday paradox". 

_URL_0_

The problem is that if you have a group of 23 people, there is a 50% chance that at least two people in the group have the same birthday.

If you have 23 people in a room, there are only 366 possible birthdays, so the probability is 50% that two of them will share a birthday.
It's not illegal to play other peoples music in public, it's illegal to use their music without their permission.

It's legal to play your own music without permission, but it's not legal to use other people's music without a license.
I think it's because your brain is wired to associate biting your nails with the taste of sugar. 

When you bite your nails, your brain interprets it as a pleasurable sensation, and your body responds to it.

It's like when you eat a piece of candy, your body recognizes that it's a sweet taste, and it wants to keep eating it.
It depends on the circumstances. 

If he is homeless, he could be arrested for trespassing, which is a very serious crime.  If he is not homeless, then he can be put on house arrest.

However, if he is in a state of mental distress, and is causing a disturbance in the community, the police will have to take him to a mental health facility.
The number of tax brackets is a measure of how much money the government gets from each individual tax bracket.  

For example, if you earn $100,000 a year, and you pay a tax rate of 35% on $50,000 in income, the government will get $1.5 billion in revenue from that tax.  But if you make $500,000, and your tax rate is 35%, you'll get $2.5 million in revenue.  That's $1 billion.  So if you have $100K in income and pay 35% in taxes, that's
A hard drive is made up of a bunch of tiny bits of metal that are connected to each other by a magnetic field. The magnetic field is strong enough to hold the data in place, but weak enough to not damage the hard drive.

A floppy disk is made of magnetic tape, which has a strong magnetic field, but is weak enough that it can't hold the information in it. A hard drive has a stronger magnetic field than a floppy disk, so it can hold more information.
Your credit score is based on how well you manage your credit. 

Your score is determined by the number of times you have used your credit card, how much you owe, how long you have had it, and how much interest you have on it.

The higher the score, the more likely you are to be able to pay off your debt.
We don't know. 

We know that there is water on Mars, but we can't see it because it's so far away.

It's not that we don't want to find it, it's just that it's too far away for us to see it. 


_URL_0_
Jury nullification is not about the law, it's about the fact that the judge has no obligation to inform the jury of the right to nullify laws. 

Juries are not supposed to be informed of laws, they are supposed to make their own decisions based on the evidence presented to them.  If the judge tells the jury that they can't nullify a law, then the jury can't make its own decisions.
I'm not sure what would happen, but I'm assuming you're talking about the Yellowstone super volcano. 

It would be a huge eruption.  It would be so big that it would cover the entire earth in ash.  There would be no way to contain it, and it would spread out all over the place.
Time is a measure of the amount of time it takes for something to happen. 

If you are standing in front of a clock, the clock is telling you how much time has passed since you last looked at it.  If you're standing at the top of a mountain, your clock tells you that time is passing faster because you're at a higher altitude.  But if you're sitting at the bottom of the mountain, you're still at a lower altitude, so your clock says it's passing faster.

When you're walking through a garden, your eyes are telling your brain that you're
Triangles in non-euclidian math are not triangles, they are polygones.

A polygon is a polygon that is tangent to a circle, and a triangle is a triangle that is not.
Nibiru is an asteroid.  It's a giant rock that's about the size of a football field.  The reason it's so big is because it's in the middle of the solar system, so it's going to hit Earth soon.  

It's not going to be as big as the moon, but it's big enough that it will hit Earth.  There's a lot of space between us and it, so if it hits us, it'll hit us pretty hard.

The reason we don't know for sure is because we haven't been able to study it.
The pupil is a diaphragm that serves as the aperture for light to enter your eye. When your pupils are dilated, the amount of light entering your eye increases, but it doesn't appear brighter.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it has something to do with the fact that they have to wash their hands for an extended period of time to keep the germs off of their hands. 

When you wash your hands, you're washing them with soap and rubbing alcohol, which kills 99.9% of all germs.

Antibacterial hand sanitizer kills 99% of germs, but it's not 100% effective at removing germs from your hands. It's more effective at killing germs in the first 20% of washing, which is why
I think it's because they don't want to pay for physical copies of their game.

If you're selling a physical copy of a game on your own website, you have to pay a licensing fee to the publisher for the rights to distribute the game. 

On Steam, you don't need to pay that licensing fee.  You can sell the game on Steam for free.
A mediocre conductor is someone who doesn't know how to lead an orchestra.  A great conductor is one who knows how to conduct an orchestra, and is able to do so with ease.

The difference between a mediocre orchestra conductor and an elite conductor is that a mediocre conductor doesn't have the training to lead a large orchestra, but a great conductor has the training and experience to lead large orchestra.
I think it has to do with the way your vocal cords are built. 

Your vocal cords have different shapes and sizes, and the way they vibrate and vibrate in different ways.

If you have a normal sized vocal cord, it will vibrate the same way as any other part of your body, but if you have an extra large one, it vibrates in a different way, and it will produce a different sound.
I think it has to do with the fact that a return ticket costs less than a single return ticket. 

A return ticket is usually sold at a lower price than a regular return ticket, so it's cheaper for the company to sell it at a higher price.
The laser beam will travel at the speed of light, but it will eventually "fizzle" out. 

The reason it will fizzle out is because the laser beam is traveling at a finite speed.  It will not be able to travel forever because it will not have enough energy to travel the distance it needs to travel to make contact with something.
The constant orbit of electrons around the nucleus of an atom is not classed as an example of perpetual motion.

Perpetual motion is when the electrons are in a constant state of motion. 

If the electrons were in constant motion, they would not be able to change their orbit in time, because they would have no energy to do so.
Rape is when you force someone to have sex with you without their consent.

Assault is when someone forces you to do something without your consent.
I think it has to do with the way the food is prepared and the way it's prepared. 

When you make something, you're using a lot of different ingredients.  You're not using the same ingredients as the person who makes it, so it's going to taste different to you.

If you're making something from scratch, you might be using ingredients that you don't normally use.  For example, if you're trying to make a cake, you may be using a cake mix that you've never tried before, and you're not familiar with the recipe.  If you're
An API is an application programming interface (API). It is a set of instructions that a program can use to communicate with other programs.

For example, let's say you want to send a text message to a friend. You can do this by saying:

_URL_0_

Your friend has an API-key that tells you how to send the text message. You need to know how to use the API key to get that text message, so you can send it to your friend.
Kraft macaroni and cheese is made with processed cheeses, which are processed in such a way that they don't need to be refrigerated for long enough to go bad.

They use emulsifying salts in the cheese to keep it from rotting.
Intermittent fasting is when you don't eat for 16-20 hours a day. 

It's not recommended for people who are overweight or obese, or for children and adolescents during maturation.

There are a few studies that have shown that intermittent fasting has beneficial effects on the body and brain including: 1) Improved glucose regulation; 2) Loss of abdominal fat with maintenance of muscle mass; 3) Reduced blood pressure and heart rate variability (similar to what occurs in trained endurance athletes), 4) Improved learning and memory and motor function; 5) Protection of neurons in the brain from oxidative stress.
Your brain has a lot of connections to other parts of your body. When you're awake, your brain has to make connections to all of those connections. It doesn't have enough energy to do so, so when you go to sleep, the brain has less energy to make new connections.

When you're asleep, you don't have to make as many new connections, so your brain doesn't need as much energy.
Diesel engines do not need spark ignition, they can run as long as diesel fuel is supplied.

Gasoline engines require spark ignition to start the engine, diesel engines don't need it.
Because they are a symbol of power and tradition. 

The British monarchy has been around for thousands of years, and it's a very long way from when the British monarchy was founded.  It's not that people don't like royalty, it's that they don't want to give up their power.
It doesn't transfer fecal matter, urine, bacteria, etc. to other surfaces. 

If you have a cat that doesn't use the litter box, it doesn't matter where it goes, because it's not going to stay there.
It doesn't. 

If you stir it, you're actually increasing the surface area through which the water evaporates, which causes it to lose heat faster.
I'm not sure what you mean by "optical character recognition" but I'll try to explain.

Imagine you have a piece of paper with a bunch of letters written on it. If you take a picture of the paper, you can write out the letters and numbers on the page, and then you put them in a computer program that can read them and convert them into text. 

Let's say you have an image of a highway sign, and you put the letters 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13
When you're drunk, your brain has a lot of time to process what's going on around you. You're not paying attention to what's happening around you, so you don't notice that you're being scared. When you're sober, you're paying attention.

When you drink alcohol, it takes a lot longer for your brain to process the information you're receiving, so it takes longer for you to notice that something is wrong. 

If you drink a lot, you'll start to notice things like:

1. Your eyesight gets worse

2. Your vision gets worse
The six degrees of separation is the distance between the center of mass of the object and the point at which it is at equilibrium with the rest of the universe. 

If you look at a map of the earth, you will see that there are 6 points on the map that are at the same temperature.  If you take a picture of that map, you can see that the center is at 0°C, and the middle is at 1°C.

The 6 degrees are called the [Mohr Circle](_URL_0_).

It is a line that connects points on a
Water pressure in modern skyscrapers is regulated by a system of underground pipes that are connected to the main water supply system.

The main water system is fed by a pump and a relatively high pressure line that carries water to the top of the building from the pipes below. 

As the water pressure increases, so does the pressure in the underground system.  The pressure increases because the pressure of the underground water increases with the height of the tower.  If the pressure is high enough at the top, the water will be able to flow through the pipes to the upper floors.  But if the pressure
I think it has to do with the fact that your body is used to eating a certain amount of food every day. 

When you eat a lot of food, your body gets used to the taste and texture of it, and your body starts to get used to it.

If you don't eat enough, you'll get sick of it.
It was cancelled because it was not financially viable. 

It was not profitable enough to justify the cost of making it.

There was a lot of interest in it, but they didn't have enough money to make it work.
There is a limit to how many new chemical elements we could discover/create, or could we keep doing so indefinitely? Is this even known?
Nuclear power was a good thing.

The problem with nuclear power is that it is a dirty energy source.  It emits a lot of pollution, and it is expensive to maintain.  The problem is that the government doesn't want to subsidize it because it is seen as bad for the environment.
Your computer clock is not a mechanical clock, it's a digital clock.

It's an oscillating clock that uses the time of day to tell you what time it is. 

If you're not connected to the internet, it can't tell you the time, but if you are, it will tell you that it's time to go to bed.
Lemon oil contains saponin, which is a naturally occurring chemical that has antibacterial properties. 

Lemon is naturally a cleanser because it has a high Rideal–Walker coefficient, a measure of antimicrobial potency.  This means that it can be used as an anti-bacterial agent.
Bach's music is very mathematical. 

It's not just that he wrote music that is mathematical, it's that he used mathematics to express his ideas in a way that is easy to understand.

For example, he used the golden ratio and the Fibonacci numbers in his music.  The golden ratio is the ratio between the number of notes in a scale, and the ratio of the intervals between those notes.  So, if you want to know how many notes there are in the scale, you need to know the ratio.  If you know the intervals, you know that the ratio
When you inhale the gas from the can, you're inhaling nitrous oxide. Nitrous oxide is a highly reactive gas, which means it is unstable and unstable. When you exhale it, it turns to carbon dioxide, which is unstable as well.
AT&T has a monopoly in the US. 

Cricket Wireless is a MVNO, which means that they sell their service to other carriers.  AT&T doesn't have the monopoly, so they have to compete with each other for customers.

They also have a monopoly because they are the only provider in the market.  They are not allowed to sell their services to anyone else.  If they were to do so, they would have to pay a licensing fee to the government, which they don't want to do.
It's not slander, it's libel.

Slander is when someone says something so blatantly false that it hurts the reputation of another person. 

Libel is when you say something so maliciously that it damages someone's reputation.
It depends on the type of shipping. 

If you're talking about next day shipping, it's usually for items that are sold out of stock.  If you have a lot of orders, they will ship them to you as soon as they are available, but if they're not sold out, they'll send it to you the next day.
It's not bad to eat cookie dough for risk of salmonella but things like Cookie Dough Bites are ok. Salmonella is a foodborne illness, not a food-borne illness.
We could, but it would take a very long time to do so. 

The atmosphere would have to be much denser than the surface of the planet, and it would need to be stable enough that it would be able to hold enough water to sustain life.

Also, there would be a lot of water vapor in the atmosphere, which would be too much for life to survive on.
We don't know. 

There are a lot of things we can't know for sure, but there are a few things we know for certain.

First, we know that we are in constant contact with each other.  We can see each other, we can hear each other's voices, and we can talk to each other on the phone. 


We also know that if we were to travel to another planet, we would be able to find each other and communicate with one another.  This is because we are very good at using radio waves to communicate.  If we travel to
When you throttle the engine, you are increasing the pressure in the cylinder. This causes the piston to push against the cam, which causes the cam to push off the end of the cam. 

When you stop throttling, the pressure is released from the cam and the cam pushes back into the cylinder, which pushes the piston forward.
I'm not sure what they would do if she refused to come back down, but I'm guessing they would put her in a medically induced coma.
Mars is not a place where you can directly confirm or deny the existence of water. 

Mars is too small to send a probe to the surface, and it would have to go through the ice cap, which is too thick for a rover to penetrate.

Also, there are a lot of regulations in place to prevent the probe from contaminating the surface.
The poison is still in the spider, but it has been absorbed by the spider's nervous system. 

When you kill a poisonous spider, the venom is released into the air, and the spider is no longer able to communicate with the rest of the world.
I think it has to do with the fact that maps are made by people who don't know exactly what the country should look like. 

When you look at a map, you're looking at a picture of a country, and you can tell that it's not the country you think it should be.  You can also tell if it's drawn in a way that doesn't match up with what you're used to seeing.
Index funds are a way to track the performance of a stock market.  

A stock market is a collection of stocks.  The index is the sum of all the stocks that make up the index.  If you look at the S&P 500 index, you will see that it is the index of the 500 largest companies in the world. 
 
The idea behind index funds is that you don't have to spend a lot of time or money trying to figure out how the stock market works.  Instead, you just buy a bunch of stocks and track their performance.  You don't
Hair is made up of pigments called melanin. Melanin is the pigment that makes up your hair. When you get older, your hair stops producing melanin, which is what makes your hair dark.

When you're young, the hair is still pigmented, but as you age, the pigments in your hair stop being able to produce as much melanin as they used to. This is called telogenation. 

In the middle of a strand of hair, there is a layer of keratin, which contains the protein keratin and which makes up our hair, skin
It's not that Africa is underdeveloped, it's that it's not developed enough to support its own people. 

There are a lot of countries in Africa that have been underdeveloped for a long time, but they're not developing enough to be considered "underdeveloped" by the standards of the rest of the world.
Virus scanners use a database of known virus signatures. 

They look for patterns in the code of the virus.  If they find a pattern in a file that matches the signature of a known virus, they know that it's a virus.

If they don't find any patterns, they check to make sure it's not a malicious file, and if it is, they delete it.
Because it's easier to use. 

When you're driving a car, you're using your hands to control the steering wheel, not the handle.  If you have a handle on the handle, you can't steer the car.  You have to use your other hand to turn the wheel.

If you use the handle on a motorbike, you have to hold the handle in one hand, and the other hand is holding the handle with the other.  It's a lot harder to control.  The handle is a lot easier to hold than the wheel, and it's much easier to
Because it's easier to compare your score to your peers.  

If you take the LSAT, and you get a score of 100, you're in the top 10% of the class, but if you take a test that starts at zero, you'll be in the bottom 10%.  


The reason for this is that the test is designed to give you an idea of how good you are at something.  If you score 100 on the test, but you don't know what you're good at, you won't be able to tell if you're a good student or not.
I think it's because the pigment in the stretch mark isn't evenly distributed through the skin. Some stretch marks are purple and some are silver.
I think it has to do with imprinting. 

A baby's brain is still developing.  It's not fully developed yet, but it's getting there.
It means that much of the ocean is unexplored. 

There are a lot of areas of the world that we don't know anything about, but we know a lot about.

For example, we know that there are billions of square miles of ocean, but there are only a few hundred million square miles in the middle of the earth.  This is because of the amount of land we have to travel to get to them, and the fact that we can't see them from land.
I think it has to do with the fact that when you wake up in the morning, your brain is still processing the last time you were asleep. It's like waking up from a dream.
The price of oil has been dropping for a long time. 

In the past, when oil prices were high, there was a lot of speculation that the price would keep going up.

This is not the case anymore.  The price is dropping because the demand for oil is dropping.  There is a huge drop in the number of barrels of oil being produced per day.  This means that the amount of oil that is being produced is dropping, and the amount that is going to be used to make gas is dropping as well.
A-Level exams are a series of tests that are designed to test your knowledge of a specific subject. 

For example, if you are studying chemistry, you will take a course called "Chemical Engineering" and you will have to take an exam to pass it.

If you are taking physics, you take a class called "Physics A" and take a test to pass the course.  This test is designed to show you how much you know about the material.  The professor will give you a grade based on how well you know the material and how much of it you understand.
Tooth whitening works by removing the color from your enamel.

Your enamel is made up of a bunch of different chemicals called chromogens. When you brush your teeth, the chromogens are exposed to the light, which causes them to react with the oxygen in the air. The reaction causes the peroxide to be released into the air, which is what makes your teeth appear white.
They don't get paid every week or month for life.

They get paid based on the number of times the song is played on the radio, the amount of times it is played, and how many times it has been played. 

If it's a hit song, they get paid for every time it's played, but if it's not a hit, they don't.
A retroreflector is a piece of reflective material that is curved in such a way that it reflects light back in the direction it came from. 

Think of it like a mirror.  When light hits the mirror, it bounces off of the mirror and bounces back to you.

When light hits a mirror, the mirror reflects the light back at you.  If the mirror is curved, the light bounces off the mirror in the same direction as the light from the light source, but the mirror itself is curved so that it bounces the light in the opposite direction.  This causes the mirror to reflect
"A 4th Domain" is just a fancy way of saying that there are more than one type of domain.

For example, "example.com" is the root domain of the Internet, but it's not the only one. 

"example.org" is a subdomain of the top-level domain (TLD), which is the top level domain, but is not the root.
Dogs don't hyperventilate because they don't need to.

When they are panting, they are using their lungs to cool themselves down.  They are using the air in their lungs as a shunt to get the water out of their lungs.
Because the moon is so far away that we can't see it from Earth. 

The moon is also too far away for us to be able to see the lander or the footprints.
Google is testing their service in small markets because it's cheaper to do so. 

It's also a way for them to get a foothold in a market where they don't have to compete with other ISPs.  
 
Google has a huge market share in the US, and they're trying to get as many customers as they can.
Richard is derived from the German word "Dick" which means "big and fat". 

Richard is also a Christian name, which is why it is shortened into "Dick".
Cigar smoke contains a lot of carbon monoxide and other gases that cause your lungs to constrict. Cigars, on the other hand, contain a lot less of those gases, so they don't constrict your lungs as much.
The umbilical cord connects the fetus to the placenta, which is the organ that carries the nutrients and oxygen to the fetus. 

When the fetus is born, it is in the womb, and the cord is attached to the uterus.  The fetus is not able to breathe, so it can't be born with the umbilicals attached.
Your skin is made of pigments called melanin. Melanin is a pigment that protects your skin from UV rays, which are harmful to your skin. If you live in a place where there is a lot of sun, you will have more melanin in your skin than if you live further away from the equator.
Pension plans are defined contribution plans.  

In a defined contribution plan, you contribute a set amount of money to a pension fund.  You pay taxes on that money until you reach 59.5 years of age.  When you retire, you get a lump sum of money that you can take as tax-free lump sum.  If you don't take it as tax free lump sum, you have to pay tax on it.

Social security is not defined contribution.  It is a pension that you contribute to, but it is not a defined benefit plan.  The money you contribute
We can cook and eat spoiled foods, but we can't eat trashed foods.

We can eat food that has been contaminated with bacteria and viruses, but it's not safe to do so.
It's not that we can't take the picture in our head and simply put it on to the paper, it's just that we don't know how to do it. 

Imagine you have a picture in your head that you want to draw on a piece of paper, but you can't draw it on the paper because it's not what you want it to look like.  You want to make it look like it's a picture of something, but that's not how your brain works.
I think it's because the nerves under the soles of your feet do not adapt to the constant pressure of walking on sand. 

Your feet are made up of a bunch of nerves that are connected to each other.  The nerve that connects to the sole of your foot is called the [plantar nerve](_URL_0_).  The plantar nerve is the nerve that tells your brain that you are walking on a hard surface.  When you walk on sand, the plantar nerves are being stimulated by the pressure of the sand, which causes the nerve to fire.  This is why
Your muscles are not "falling asleep" during REM sleep, they are being "rested" by your brain.

REM sleep is a stage of sleep in which the brain has a lot of activity in the spinal cord. During this time, your muscles are being stimulated by the brain. This is called "REM" sleep, and it is caused by the inhibition of motor neurons in your spinal cord, which are responsible for controlling your muscles. 

When you are awake, your brain is constantly sending signals to your muscles telling them to do things. When you are asleep, the brain is not sending
Menthol activates the same receptors in your skin that cause you to feel cold. 

When you drink Lukewarm water, your body releases a hormone called vasodilator. This hormone causes your blood vessels to constrict, which causes your feet to feel colder.
The salt in tears comes from the salivary glands in your eyes. Saliva is salty because it contains salt. Tears are salty because they contain salt. 

_URL_0_
There is no limit to the size of an animal. 

There is a limit to how much weight an animal can carry, but that limit is much lower than the weight of a human.

The size of a bird is determined by how much energy it takes to lift its wings, and the amount of energy it needs to do so.  If you were to scale up the wings, you would have to fly faster to gain the same amount of lift, so you would need to be much bigger.  This is why there are no "gigantic" flying creatures.
I think it has to do with the fact that a lot of critics are paid by the studios to write positive reviews of movies.  They are paid to do so because the studios know that if they don't, they will lose money.  If they write a negative review of a movie, then the studio will have to pay them to write a positive review of it.
The JVM is a set of instructions that are written into the bytecode of the OS.  

When you write code in Java, you are writing it in bytecode.  The bytecode is a collection of instructions.  These instructions are stored in memory, which is then used by the OS to run the program.

If you want to run a program, you need to know how to access the memory.  This is done by using a library called the Java Virtual Machine Interface (JVM Interface).  The JVM Interface tells the OS what to do with the memory and how to
When you step onto a moving escalator, your brain automatically adjusts your gait and posture to keep up with the movement of the steps. 

When the escalator is not moving, you don't adjust your posture and gait as much as you do when you step on a moving one.

Your brain doesn't know that the steps aren't moving, so it doesn't want you to step on them.
When lightning strikes, it heats the air to plasma temperatures. This causes it to expand, which causes a shock wave to form in the air. This shock wave is what you hear as thunder.
He's a billionaire. 

He's the CEO of Turing Pharmaceuticals, which is a company that makes a drug that costs $5,000 a pill.  He's also the CEO and founder of a company called Retrophin, which makes a lot of money.

The problem is that he's a very young man, so he doesn't have the kind of experience that most young people do.  It's not uncommon for a young person to be a CEO, but it's not common for a 32 year old man to be CEO of a pharmaceutical company.  That said, he's
It would be cheaper and safer in the long run (less "complications") to have them work reasonable hours/ not rotate day/night shift. 

However, it would be more expensive and less safe in the short run (more complications) for them to work 20+ hour shifts.
Depression is caused by a number of things. 

1. Stress

2. Lack of social support

3. Being in a relationship

4. Being unemployed

5. Being a teenager

6. Being out of school

7. Having a lot of time on your hands

8. Not getting enough sleep

9. Not being able to find a job

10. Not having time to take care of your health

These are all things that can be attributed to age, but there are a lot more factors that can go into it.
I think it has to do with the fact that pre-orders and pre-ordering games are a waste of time and money.

When you buy a game, you're buying it in advance of it being released.  You're not buying it because you want to play it the day it comes out, but because you're waiting for it to come out.  If you wait until it's released, you'll have to wait a lot longer to play the game, and you'll be spending a lot more money on it.  

If you pre-order it, you don't have to
Glass screen protectors are stronger and feel more like the device's screen. Plastic screens are made of plastic, so they don't feel as good as glass.
The AHCA is a piece of legislation that is going to have to be voted on by the House of Representatives before the Senate votes on it.  It's not a big deal, but it's important to get it done by today because it's going to affect a lot of people's lives.  If it's not done by the end of the week, it will have a huge impact on the lives of people who are going to be affected by it.
Your computer knows how much time or percentage is left in a download or installation. 

Your computer has a device called a "seek clock".  It's a device that connects to your computer's hard drive and tells it how long it takes to read or write a file.  If the drive is full, then the seek clock is set to 0. If it's full, it's set to 1.

If it's empty, then it's 0.
Insurance companies don't charge deductibles on claims when customers already pay a premium to cover the probability of an insured event occurring. 

Insurance is a business.  It's a contract between the insurer and the customer.  The insurer pays the customer for the right to be insured.  If the customer doesn't pay the premium, then the insurer doesn't have to pay the deductible.

If the customer pays the premium and then the insurance company pays the deductible, then they don't have a contract with the customer to pay a deductible.
The microphone is a diaphragm.  It has a small hole in the middle of it that vibrates.  

When the air in the microphone vibrates, it creates an electric current, which is converted to a varying magnetic field.  The magnetic field is then converted into an electrical signal.  This electrical signal is then sent to a computer, which converts it into a digital signal.
The Chicxulub was not the sole cause of the extinction. 

There are a lot of theories about what caused the extinction, but the consensus is that it was caused by the impact of a meteorite.

The most common theory is that the meteorite hit the earth's crust, causing it to fall into the oceans, causing the oceans to acidify, which in turn caused the dinosaurs to die out.
When you get hit in the head, your brain is pushed against the inside of your skull, which causes pressure to build up inside your skull. The pressure causes your brain to stop working and you go unconscious.
A second is a fraction of a second of time. 

It's the amount of time it takes for a second to go from 0 to 1.

If you look at a clock, you'll notice that the seconds are divided into hours, minutes, seconds, and seconds.  The hour is divided into 4 puncta (quarter-hours), ten minuta, or 40 momenta.  Each puncta represents a second.  So, the hour is 1 hour, 10 minutes, and 40 seconds.
A mirror is an object that reflects light in such a way that, for incident light in some range of wavelengths, the reflected light preserves many or most of the detailed physical characteristics of the original light, called specular reflection. This is different from other light-reflecting objects that do not preserve much of the light, such as flat-white paint.

Lenses, on the other hand, reflect light in a different way. 

A lens is a piece of glass that reflects a certain wavelength of light, and the light that is reflected from the glass reflects back to the glass.
Hackers have been able to break into credit card databases for a long time, but they don't have the technical know-how to do it.  

Credit card numbers are stored in the form of a series of unique numbers that are unique to the credit card company.  They are not stored on the internet, so they can't be accessed by anyone else.

The problem is that there is no way for anyone to access the database.  It is a very secure system, but it is not secure enough to allow anyone to break in.  Even if they were able to, they would
It's called the asymmetrical tonic tonic neck reflex (ATNR). When you fall asleep, your neck muscles contract, which causes you to jerk your head back and forth, causing your neck to stiffen. When you wake up, your brain interprets this as a sign that you're falling out of a tree.
They don't know. 

Rats don't have a sense of direction.  They don't even know where they are, they just know they're in the wrong place at the wrong time.
I'm not an attorney, but I can give you a general idea of what you're looking for. 

If you're in a situation where you need to hire an attorney to represent you in a lawsuit, you can go to a law firm that specializes in that sort of thing.  They will have a list of lawyers who specialize in that kind of thing, and they will be able to refer you to other lawyers who can help you out.

For example, if you're trying to sue your ex-boyfriend for cheating on you, you might want to go to an attorney who specializes in
It's called the cutaneous rabbit illusion. It's caused by the fact that your eyes have poor spatial acuity, meaning that they can't distinguish between two points in the same area of your body.

When you tap your skin, the light from your fingertips hits your eyes and causes them to change color. This causes the light to bounce off of the skin, causing it to appear as if it's crawling across your skin.
When you work out, your body releases a chemical called lactic acid. Lactic acid is a byproduct of your body's metabolism. When you exercise, you're releasing a lot of it, which is why your muscles feel sore after a work out.
I think it's because it's 5 7 5, 7 7 7, 7-7-7. 

_URL_0_
If the world stopped spinning, gravity would affect everything a lot more due to the loss of the angular acceleration. 

Think of it like this:

Imagine you're in a car, and you're driving down the highway.  You're going at 100 mph.  The car is going in the same direction as you, but you're going in a different direction.  If you stop driving, the car will slow down and you'll be going at a different speed.

If you stop moving, you'll start going at the same speed as you are going, but your car will be going
They didn't draw backgrounds perfectly every single time. 

Back in the olden days of animation, the backgrounds were made up of a series of layers.

The first layer would be the outline of the character, which would be drawn on a piece of wax, and then the background would be painted on top of it.  This was done with watercolors.  The background would then be painted over the outline.  Then, the artist would draw the background with a pencil.  If the background was too dark or too light, they would paint over it with a brush.
They don't. 

They use a magnetic coupling between a magnet in the measuring chamber attached to the bottom of the measuring element and another magnetic coupling to the measuring wheel.

The magnet is magnetically attracted to the magnetic field of the bill, and the wheel is magnetized to the magnet.
When you drink alcohol, your body releases a hormone called acetaldehyde, which causes your bladder to produce more urine. 

When you're drunk, you're inhibiting the production of acetaldehyde by inhibiting your bladder's ability to release urine.
The G20 is a group of 20 countries that are trying to coordinate their economic policies in order to prevent the rise of China and other emerging powers from dominating the global economy. 

The group is made up of the United States, the European Union, China, Russia, Japan, the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, France, Italy, Germany, and the United Arab Emirates.

It was originally called the G7, but it was changed to the G20 in the mid-1990s to avoid confusion with the G8, which is the Group of Seven.  The G20 was originally a
Helium has a very high molar mass, which means that it can travel at a faster rate of sound than air. 

When you inhale helium, you are changing the speed of sound through your vocal cords, which causes a slight change in the timbre and quality of your voice.

Helium is a liquid, so it doesn't have the same density as air, but it has the same mass.  So when you breathe in helium, it changes the velocity of sound, but not the pitch.
Fire is the rapid oxidation of a material in the exothermic chemical process of combustion, releasing heat, light, and various reaction products. 

It is hot because it is hot enough to burn.
When you turn the engine off, the air in the exhaust pipe is forced out of the engine. 

When the engine is running, the exhaust pipes are filled with air.  When you turn off the engine, the pressure in the air is released.  The pressure causes the air to expand, which causes the pressure to rise.  This is what makes the sound.
Humpbacks have a bludge just before the neck at the top of the spine, which is caused by a perforation of the vertebrae.

Humpback vertebraes are made up of many different types of bone. 

The most common type is called the [prezygapophysis](_URL_0_). It is a small depression in the vertebral column that is caused when the spinal cord is compressed by the muscles in the back of the neck.  It is the same reason why you can't see a humpback's tail from the front.  The
The discount rate is a measure of how much you're willing to pay for something in the future.

Say you want to buy a house for $10,000, but you don't know if you'll be able to pay it off in 10 years, or 10 years from now. 

If you know that you're going to pay 10 years for a house, and you're not sure how much money you'll get in the near future, the discount rate will be 0.5%.

Now, if you're buying a house now, you're assuming that you'll have 10 years to
Because he is the son of the Prince of Wales, not the Queen.
The universe is infinitely large, so there is no way for light to travel all the way to the center of the universe. 

If the universe were infinite, then there would be enough light to illuminate the entire universe all the time.

However, the universe is expanding, and as the universe expands, more and more stars are moving away from us, so the amount of light that can reach us is decreasing.
I'm not sure what you mean by "can or can't do/offer".

If you're talking about a "deal" with a criminal or suspect, they can and can't offer to testify against them, but they can't force them to incriminate themselves or testify against others.

They can't threaten them with jail time if they don't do what they're asked to do.
It's a cultural thing.

The US government uses the term "Islamic State" to refer to the Islamic State, but the media uses "Daesh" because that's the group's proper name.
They are a rap group that is known for their dark, violent lyrics. They are best known for the character of Violent J and Shaggy 2 Dope, who perform under the respective personas of the murderous, wicked clowns Violent J (Joker) and Violent J/Shaggy (Jigsaw). They are also known as Juggalos and Juggalettes.
Oprah Winfrey is one of the most powerful people in the world.  She's the queen of talk shows, she's the Queen of reality TV, she has a huge following, and she's a huge celebrity. 

She's also a very smart woman, she knows how to use her celebrity status to her advantage.

People think she's amazing because she's smart, funny, and has a great sense of humor.
I think it's because it's easier to sell a movie poster in a foreign country than it is in the U.S.
Calories are a measure of how much energy your body uses. Calories are used for energy production and energy storage. 

When you exercise, your body burns more calories than it uses to produce energy.  This is called thermogenesis.  When you eat more calories, you burn more energy.

If you eat less calories than you use to heat up your body, you will burn less energy.
We didn't start smelting metal from rocks. 

We smelt it from the ground.

The first people who smelted metal came from Africa, and they used a variety of methods to do it.  They used tools to break down the rock, and then they smelt the rock.  The first people to smelt from rocks were the Sumerians, who used a type of stone tool called a sledgehammer.  It was used to break up the rock and then grind it up into a fine powder, which they then used to smelter the metal.
Our body temp is 98.6°F, but when the environment around us becomes greater than ~85°F we begin to feel uncomfortable
Polar bears have been around for 600,000 years and have survived past periods of climate fluctuation.

They depend on sea ice for much of their food, and have to spend more time on land waiting for new sea ice to form, as they need to hunt seals to build up fat for hibernation. When the ice melts, they have to travel farther to find food, which means that they can't hibernate as much as they used to, and can't get as fat as they would if they were on land.
I think it's because when you're awake, your brain is trying to get used to the idea that you're going to go to sleep. When you're in the middle of something, it's hard for your brain to adjust to the fact that it's not used to going to sleep at the same time as it is when you go to bed.
When you're drunk, your brain slows down the processing of visual information.  Your eyes are working in sync, and when you close one eye, the brain has less time to process the information it's receiving.  When you open the other eye, it has more time to focus on what's in front of it, so it's able to process more information.
Wikipedia is not an academic source.  It is an online encyclopedia.  

It is not a source of information.  There is no such thing as a reliable source.

Editors are allowed to edit the content of any article, but they are not allowed to use it as a source for any reason.  They are free to do so as long as they don't edit it in such a way that it makes it impossible for anyone else to edit it.
The hamburger is not a hamburger, it's a sandwich. It's a combination of ground beef, bread, and a bun. Cheese is not an ingredient.
It depends on the business. 

For example, if you are a small business, you have to pay rent, utilities, insurance, and taxes.

If you are an independent contractor, you need to pay the rent and utilities, but you also need to hire people to do all of the work. If you have no employees, you can't pay them, and if you do have employees, they can't do the work, so you need someone else to do it for you.
Cancer is a cancer of the cells in your body.  It can be spread to other parts of your body, or it can spread to the lymphatic system.
Stimulants and depressants affect the same neurotransmitters in the brain. 

Dopamine and norepinephrine are two of the most important chemicals in your brain.

When you take a stimulant, your brain is flooded with dopamine, which is the neurotransmitter that makes you feel good.  When you take an anti-depressant, you're flooding your brain with serotonin, which causes you to feel good, but it also causes your body to release a bunch of other chemicals that make you feel bad, like adrenalin and adrenaline.  These are the chemicals that cause
A tower is a radio antenna.  

It's not a metal frame, it's a piece of metal.  The antenna is made up of a bunch of wires connected to each other and the ground.

The ground is the ground, and the tower is the antenna.
Your legs move at the same time as your arms. 

When you swing, your legs are moving in the same direction as your arm swing.  Your arms are moving at a different rate than your legs.  When you swing your legs at the right time, your arms are swinging in the opposite direction of your hips.  This causes you to have more momentum.  If you swing at the wrong time, you will lose momentum.
A checking account is a demand deposit account.  

A savings account is an interest-bearing account.

The difference between a checking account and a savings account comes down to the amount of money you are allowed to put in.  If you put in $10,000, you will get $5 in interest, if you put $20,000 in, you'll get $10 in interest.  This is the difference between checking and savings accounts.  A checking account can be linked to another account, such as a credit card, or a line of credit.  When you spend money on
Screws work by cutting a hole in a piece of wood or plastic. The screw is then driven into the hole. The hole is then filled with a thread, which is then used to drive the screw into the other hole. 

When a screw is driven into a material without a pilot hole, it can act as a wedge, generating outward pressure which can cause many materials to split.

If you have a screwdriver, you can drill a small pilot hole into the material, and use it to drive a screw into a hole.
Dry wine is made by fermenting the grapes. 

The wine has a lot of sugar in it, but it's fermented by bacteria, and the sugars are mostly alcohols.

When you drink dry wine, you're drinking wine that's been fermenting for a long time, so it's not going to be as full of sugar as it would be if you were drinking it right now.
When you "lose" fat, your body breaks it down into a bunch of different components. 

Proteins, fats, lipids, nucleic acids, and bone are all broken down by your body into different types of molecules.

When you lose fat, it is mostly stored in adipose tissue, which is the fat that is stored in your fat cells.
Brake fluid is a type of hydraulic fluid used in hydraulic brake and hydraulic clutch applications in automobiles, motorcycles, light trucks, and some bicycles. It is used to transfer force into pressure, and to amplify braking force.
I'm taking a trip home means "I'm going home". 

"Going home" means "taking a trip" and "going" is a verb.

The difference is that "going home" is used as a noun, and "travelling" is an adjective.  So if you say "I am going home" you are using a verb, not a noun.  You can think of it like this:

_URL_0_
It depends on the state you live in. 

In most states, if you owe money on a title loan, you can't legally transfer ownership of your car to someone else until you pay off the balance.

If you owe a car title to a lender, the lender can take possession of the car and sell it at auction, and then pay you back the full amount of the loan.  If you don't pay the balance, they can repossess the car, but they have to wait 30 days before they do so.
Essential oils dissolve paint. 

Paint is made up of pigments, solvents, binders, and additives.

The pigments are the ones that give the paint its color, texture, toughness, etc. The additives are the things that make the paint stick to the surface.
The hard drive is a storage medium for the game data.  It's not just for storing the game files, it's also a way for the developers to store the game code.  If you want to make a game that runs on a PC, you need to be able to write the code to the hard drive.  You can write it to a flash drive, but it's not really the same as writing it to the disk drive.

If you want a game to run on a hard drive, it needs to be written to the drive, and then the game has to be installed onto it.
I'm not sure what you're asking about, but I'll try my best to explain it.

Photons are a type of electromagnetic radiation that is emitted by atoms. 

When you think of light as a wave, it is a wave of energy.  When you see a photon, you can think of it as an electromagnetic wave.  It is the energy of the light that is being emitted by the photon.  If you look at the spectrum of light, you will see that it is composed of a bunch of different energy bands.  The energy of light is divided into two parts:
I think it has to do with socialization. 

When you are in a group, you are surrounded by other people who share similar interests, so you are exposed to a lot of the same things that you enjoy.  If you are a member of a clique, you will be surrounded by people who are also interested in the same thing, and you will become attracted to them.  This is because you have been exposed to other people's likes, dislikes, and personal preferences.  When you are alone, you don't have the opportunity to be exposed to others' likes and dislikes.
Bosnia and Herzegovina was part of Yugoslavia until the end of World War II. During the war, the Serbs and Croats were part of the Republika Srpska, which was a separate entity from the rest of the country. 

Bosniaks are Bosniaks, and they are a minority ethnic group. They are mostly Muslim, and have been living in the area for thousands of years.

In the early days of the Bosnian war, there was a lot of ethnic tension between the Bosniak and Serb population. The Bosniaki
It's not tilting, it's sinking. 

The problem is that the foundation of the tower is sinking into the ground below it.  It's not a danger to the public, but it's a concern to the people who live there.
I think it has to do with the fact that when you make eye contact with someone, your brain tells your eyes to focus on the person you're looking at. 

When you look at someone's face, your eyes are telling your brain that they are looking at you, and your brain wants to know what they are seeing.
Depression is caused by a lack of serotonin in your brain, which is a neurotransmitter that helps you feel happy and positive.

Anxiety is caused when you have a history of anxiety in your family.
The National Grid is designed to keep power output constant at peak times, but at the same time not overload the grid
Your eyes have three kinds of cone cells in the back of your eye that sense light.  The rods in the center of the retina (foveal vision) are more sensitive to longer wavelengths of light, and the cones in the foveal part of your eyes are less sensitive to shorter wavelengths.

When you stare at a glow-in-the-dark object in the dark, it appears dim, but if you adjust your eyes so that the object is in your peripheral vision, you see it as brighter.
It's because it's colder in winter, which means that people are indoors more often during the winter, and they are in close contact more often, and this promotes transmission from person to person.
It doesn't affect the company, it affects the people who are buying and selling the stock. 

If you're buying a stock, you are buying it at a lower price than it's worth.  If you're selling a stock at a higher price, then you are selling it at the same price as it is worth.
Because he's not a US citizen, he's a citizen of a foreign country. 

He's not an American citizen, so he can't be prosecuted for his new site.
TurboTax is a software that helps you file your taxes.  

It's not really a tax preparation software, it's a tax filing software.  It's used by people who want to file their taxes but don't know how to do it.  They use it because they don't want to have to deal with the hassle of doing it themselves.

If you don't use TurboTax, you're not going to be able to file a tax return.  If you do, you'll have to hire a tax preparer to help you.  Tax preparers are paid by the
The endothelial glycocalyx acts as a capillary, which is a membrane that connects the capillaries to the blood vessels. 

When you have a blood clotting event, the blood is forced to flow through the endothelium, which causes it to constrict. This constricts the capillary walls of the vessels, which allows the blood to flow more freely through them.
Lizards are cold blooded because they need more energy to maintain their body temperature.  They have a lower core temperature than other animals, which means that they need to produce more heat to keep their core temperature constant.  

They also have a higher metabolic rate, meaning that they have to produce a lot of energy to stay warm.  This means that when they sleep, their body temp is lower than it is when they are active.
IMAX cameras are designed to take images at a wide angle of view, which means that they can be viewed in 3D. 

When you see a movie in IMAX, you are looking at the film, not at the screen.  You are seeing the image as it is being projected onto the screen, which is what makes it feel like you are seeing it in 3d.

If you are watching a movie on a regular 35mm film screen, you will see the image at a normal aspect ratio, but if you are viewing it in an IMAX screen, it will appear as if
Luminescence is the result of a chemical reaction that involves luciferin, the substrate; luciferase, the enzyme that acts upon luciferine; adenosine triphosphate, the energy molecule; and oxygen.

Lumiferin is a small molecule that is composed of a bunch of molecules called luciferins. 

When you put a firefly in water, the water contains a lot of different chemicals that make it glow.  These chemicals are made up of different molecules, and when they are mixed together, they glow.
Sound is a waveform. 

Imagine you have a microphone with a cone shaped diaphragm.  It vibrates in a cone shape.  The cone vibrates due to a change in atmospheric pressure.  This change causes a sound wave to propagate through the air, which is then converted into an electrical signal.

Sound recording works the same way.  A microphone has a cone that vibrates, and the sound waves are converted into electrical signals.  These electrical signals are then sent to a speaker, which amplifies the electrical signal into a sound.  Then the speaker is connected to
Because the President is allowed to appoint people without any prior or relevant experience.

The Constitution says that the President can appoint anyone he wants to fill any position in the executive branch of the government. 

It doesn't say that he has to be a lawyer or a doctor or anything like that.
I think it has to do with the fact that children are very loud. 

When you're young, your brain is still learning how to process sound.  You can't hear your own voice, so you have to rely on other sounds to help you understand what you're hearing.  When you're older, you can hear your parents talking to each other, but you can't really hear them because you're too busy trying to understand what they're saying.

As you get older, though, you start to hear more and more sounds, and your brain starts to pick up on them.
Fusion is a process in which two protons and two neutrons are fused together. 

Fusion occurs when two atoms of hydrogen are fused into a helium nucleus.

When two hydrogen atoms are fused, the protons are converted to neutrons, and the neutrons into protons.
The engine used to be in the back of the car because it was easier for the driver to get to and from the driver's seat. 

Nowadays, the engine is in the front because it is easier to get from the front to the back.
The relationship between Canada and the U.K. goes back to the founding of the British Empire. 

Canada was originally part of the North American British crown colony of New France (New Brunswick, New Brunswick and Nova Scotia, now the Province of New Brunswick) and was part of England's empire.  In 1867, Canada was formed as a self-governing dominion, and the Governor General of Canada, Mackenzie King, was appointed by the King.  He was the equivalent of the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, and was the official representative of the King in Canada.
The switchblade works by having a spring in the upper and lower arms that are "pushed" by the motor to move short (about 4 inches, or 100 millimetres) articulated arms which hold the blade. 

The spring is attached to a spring on the bottom of the blade, which pulls the blade down.

When the spring is released, the spring pushes the blade back up, and the spring pulls the upper arm back up.
Fruits do not go through a ripening process in the sense that they become "tree ripe". Some fruits, such as cherries, physically mature and then continue to ripen on the tree. 

When you harvest a fruit, you cut off the stem of the fruit, which prevents the seeds from germinating, and the fruit is then left on the ground.
If you were wrongfully convicted of a crime, you are entitled to compensation for the loss of your liberty.

If you are innocent, the government can't force you to pay back the money.
Salinity.

Salinity is a measure of the amount of dissolved dissolved oxygen in the water.  Fresh water has a lot more dissolved oxygen than salt water, which is why fish can live in fresh water for a long time.
The federal government has the authority to regulate autonomous vehicles. 

Congress has the power to pass laws, but the federal government is not the only authority.

The Federal Highway Administration (FHSA) is the agency responsible for setting safety and performance standards and the agency is responsible for designating areas where automated cars may be tested.
Your body uses evaporative cooling as the primary mechanism to regulate temperature. When the air is too hot, your body can no longer do this. Your body needs to cool itself down by evaporating water from your skin. When it's too cold, it can't.
Microsoft owns your data when it wants to snoop, but if you upload childporn its now your data.
The monitor uses a cathode ray tube (CRT) to display the image on the screen.  

The CRT screen is made up of a bunch of tiny phosphors.  Each phosphor has a small amount of electrons in it.  These electrons are attracted to the back of the screen, and when they get attracted to it, they create a voltage.  This voltage causes the screen to be brighter.  The monitor then uses that electricity to make the screen brighter.

When the monitor is turned on and off, it uses the electricity generated by the phosphors to turn the screen
Jpeg is a lossy compression format.  It's used for images that are too big to compress.  

PNG is lossy, meaning that you can compress them, but you can't compress them as much as you want.
It's not about the content, it's about the intent.

Distributing a text is not a crime. It's a violation of the First Amendment to the United States Constitution, which protects freedom of speech and expression.
Your inner ear is responsible for balance, your eyes for vision.  Your brain is the one that controls balance.  When you use your phone, your brain can't focus on two sources of input at one time, driving and listening to your phone.  This causes your inner ear to be out of sync with your eyes, which causes you to feel dizzy and nauseous.
I'm not sure what you mean by "swap" but I'll try to explain it.

Say you want to buy a car.  You want to sell it for $1,000, but you don't know what the price will be when you get it.  So you set up a currency swap.  If the price of the car goes up, you get $1.000 in exchange for the car, and if the price goes down, you sell the car for $0.50.  This is called "swapping".

If the car is worth $100,000
Feminism is a social movement. It's not a political movement, it's a cultural movement. 

Feminists believe that women should have equal rights to men, and that men should be allowed to participate in the struggle against sexism against women.

They believe that if women are empowered, they will be able to do things that men can't do, and they will have more power.
The fog lights are not always on at the same time. 

When you turn on your high beam lights, you are using the high beam to illuminate the road ahead of you.  When you turn off your fog lights, they are off.  This is because the fog is blocking the light from reaching your headlights.

If you have fog lights in the back of your car, you can't turn them on and off at once.  You need to wait for the fog to clear before turning them on.
The water in a river is moving through the ground. 

The water is moving because it is being pulled by the sediment in the river bed, which is being moved by the water itself.

When the river is flowing, the water is pulling the sediment out of the ground, which causes it to fall down into the river. This is called entrainment.
There are many different ways to measure water in the human body. 

One way is to measure the amount of water in your urine, which is measured in millilitres per litre (mM/l). 
The other is by measuring the volume of your urine.  This is done by measuring how much water is in the urine, and how much is in your blood.

There are also different methods of measuring water in different parts of the body, and different methods are used to measure how much of your body is water.
The animals that are mostly used for food would die out. 

They would be eaten by other animals, and the animals that aren't used to eat meat would starve to death.

There is no way to know for sure, but it's possible.
It depends on what you mean by immune response. 

Your immune system has a lot of different types of proteins that it uses to fight off diseases.  If you get sick, your immune system will try to fight them off, but if you don't have any of those proteins in your body, it won't be able to do so.
They don't tell you where they are doing it, they tell you when they see you doing it.
Alcohol advertising is regulated by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the Federal Communications Commission (FCC). The Federal Trade Commission and the FCC have laid out regulations for television advertising, outlining restrictions on certain products, content, and claims, and they are enforced by the FCC. 

Alcohol ads are not allowed to use images of people drinking, they are allowed to show the product, but not the people drinking it.
It's a lot more complex than that. 

First, you need to know that the rocket is a complex piece of hardware.  It's not a single piece of code, it's a bunch of different pieces of code.  The rocket has a lot of different components, and each of them has a different set of instructions.  Each of those instructions has to be written in a different language.  For example, if you want to know how much fuel is in the rocket, you have to know the amount of fuel in each of the rocket's stages, and how much of it is in each
It depends on what you mean by "your brain's wiring".

If you mean the wiring in your brain, then yes, your brain is wired in the same way as any other part of your body. It's just that it's wired in a different way. 

However, if you mean "your environment", then your environment is what determines your personality. Your environment can be anything from the environment you were raised in, to the people you grew up with, to how your parents raised you, to what you were exposed to as a child, and so on.

In other words,
A gift economy is a mode of exchange where valuable goods and services are regularly given without any explicit agreement for immediate or future rewards (i.e. no formal quid pro quo exists). 

In a barter economy, the value of the goods or services are inalienable from the giver, so they are "loaned" to the seller.

A "gift economy" is a form of exchange in which value is not transferred, but rather is given freely. 



In this case, the seller is the seller, and the buyer is the recipient.
The Oscars are not a platform for speaking about critical world issues.  They are a platform to celebrate the work of artists.
I think it has to do with the fact that when you're in a plane, you're using your hands on the rudder and throttle, not the stick. 

When you're controlling a first person shooter, your hands are on the stick and your head is on the joystick, so you're not using your head as a rudder.

In flight simulators, you have to use your head to control the plane, so your hands have to be on the throttle and the stick, not your head and the joystick.
I think it has to do with the fact that when you sneeze, your body releases endorphins, which are chemicals that make you feel good.
When you sleep, your body releases a hormone called diuretic hormone, which causes your blood to dilate. This causes your body to produce more water, which makes you feel thirsty.

When you wake up, this hormone is still present in your blood, but your body doesn't have enough water in it to make you thirsty.
I think it has to do with the fact that we are used to seeing things that we don't normally get to see in movies. 

For example, when we watch a horror movie, we're used to the sight of blood, gore, and gore.  It's part of the appeal of the movie.  If you're not used to it, you'll find it hard to enjoy it.
We stop crying at a certain age because we stop being able to cry at things we used to cry for when we were infants. 

An ear infection, for example, is caused by an infection in the ear canal.  When you cry, your body is trying to get rid of the infection.  If you stop crying when you get an infection, it's because your body doesn't have the energy to deal with it anymore.
It's a property of the vector space. 

x = -x - 1.

If you have a vector x = 0, you can think of it like this:

X = 0

Y = 1

So, if you have x = 1, and you have y = -1, then x = -0

But if you want to know why this happens, you need to know that x is a vector, and y is a point.  So, if x is 0, then y is 1.  If x is 1, then Y is 0.
I think it has to do with the way the word is pronounced. 

"He is a gay" is pronounced differently than "He is gay"

When you say "he is gay", you are pronouncing the "s" sound differently than when you say the "h" sound.
Dreams are a part of your brain's memory. 

When you dream, your brain interprets what you're seeing and hearing as if it's happening in the real world.  When you wake up, you remember what you saw and what you heard.

If you dream of being attacked by a lion, it's because you're afraid of lions.  If you dream that you're being chased by a bear, you're scared of bears.
I think it's because it's easier to write in lowercase.  

If you're talking about the first letter of a word, it's usually the last letter of the word.  If it's a noun, then it's probably the second letter of that word.

But if it's an adjective, then there's no need to capitalize it.
I'm not an expert in origami or math, but I can give you a general idea of what these proofs mean.

Let's say you have a piece of paper and you want to draw a picture of a tree. 

Say you draw a map of the world. 


You draw a line between two points on the map, x and y, and you draw the line between the two points at the top and bottom of the map.  If you draw one point at the bottom, you can draw the other two points in the middle, but you can't draw them at the
Plants don't draw nutrients from the soil, they take them from it. 

Soil is made up of minerals and organic matter.  The minerals are dissolved in water, and the organic matter is broken down by bacteria and other microorganisms.  When they break down, they release the minerals and other organic matter into the soil.  This is called exudation.
He is accused of engaging in securities fraud.

"Securities fraud" is when a company or individual makes a false statement about the value of a product or service. 

For example, if you have a company that makes a drug that costs $100,000 a year, and you want to sell it for $750,000, you can sell it at $2,000 per unit, but you can't sell it to the public at $500,000.  If you make a profit of $1.5 million a year on that drug, then you can say that you made a
If you don't brush your teeth while you're alive they'll get damaged but if you die they won't be damaged
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'll give it a shot. 

TL;DR: LI5 is the name of the phone company that was hacked.

The phone company was hacked by someone who had access to the company's network, and used it to try to get information about their customers. 


The hacker was able to gain access to their network by exploiting a vulnerability in the remote procedure call (RPC) service, which is used by the company to connect to the internet.  This vulnerability was exploited by a group of people who are known to have access
Your vocal cords vibrate in different ways than other people's vocal cords.

When you hear your own voice, your brain interprets it as a vibration of your vocal cords, which is what you hear when you hear others' voice. When you hear someone else's voice, you hear a different vibration of their vocal cords than you do.
The JWST would need to be able to take images of Proxima Centauri b from a distance of about 250,000 km. 

That's about the same distance as the Earth is from the sun.
I'm 5, so I'm not going to go into too much detail, but I'll give you the basics.

The movie Primer is about a group of people who are trying to find a way to get back to their home planet. 

They have to travel through space to get there, and they have to do it in a way that they can't be seen by the rest of the world. 


First, they need to get to a place where they can see the sun.  They have to go through a tunnel, and then they must go through an elevator.
They don't have to pay a lot of money to get the rights to the shows.  

They just have to make sure that they have access to the rights.
It's because it's derived from the fruit of the orchid, not the fruit itself. 

It's also because the word "vanilla" is a diminutive of the Spanish word "vaina", which means "little pod".
They were set free by a court order. 

It's not a fact that they did it, it's a legal order.
The Army Corps of Engineers is a branch of the Department of the Interior. They are responsible for the protection of the environment.

They are the agency that oversees the federal land that is used for the construction of pipelines. 

The Dakota Access Pipeline is being built under the Missouri River, which is under the jurisdiction of the Army Corps.  The Army Corps wants to make sure that the pipeline does not cross under the river, and that it does not interfere with the water supply of the tribe that owns the land where the pipeline is to be built.  They are also concerned that if the pipeline crosses the
Honey is not going extinct, it's just that bees are going extinct. 

Honey bees are not going to be able to produce as much honey as they used to, and they are not able to reproduce as quickly as they once did, so they are going to need to be replaced by other species.

There are a lot of different species of bees that can be used to produce honey, but the most common is the honey bee. They can produce over 1.5 tons (3,000 lbs) of honey every year, which is more than enough to feed the entire world.
The muscles that control the movement of the diaphragm and larynx (the muscles that allow you to breathe) stop working. 

This is called laryngeal paralysis. It is caused when the nerves and muscles controlling the movements of one or both arytenoid cartilages of the [larynx](_URL_0_) stop functioning.
I'm not sure what you mean by explainlikeimfive is upon us, but I'll give it a shot.

I'm going to try to explain likeimfive as best I can. 

_URL_0_
It depends on the type of injury. 

If you have a spinal cord injury, the brain has to learn how to use the muscles in your legs to walk again.

It's a lot like learning how to drive a car. You have to learn to use your legs in a way that makes sense to your brain, and then you have to relearn how to move them. 


If it's a traumatic injury, there are a lot of different things that go into it.  The brain has a lot to do with it, and it takes a long time for it to learn.
Your body has a circadian rhythm. It's a cycle of waking up and going back to sleep. When you sleep, your body releases melatonin, a hormone that makes you sleepy, and when you wake up, it releases cortisol, which makes you tired.
The wattage of an amplifier is the amount of electric power that can be transferred from one source to another. 

Imagine you have a speaker that has a maximum impedance of 4 ohms, and a maximum voltage of 1.5 volts.  If you want to increase the impedance of the speaker, you can increase the voltage of the amplifier by increasing the output voltage.

Now, if you have an amplifier that has an impedance of 8 ohms and a voltage of 2.5V, the amplifier will have a maximum output voltage of 500Watt.
If you're talking about a 3.5 GHz i5 processor, it's because it's based on a 64-bit architecture, which means that it has a lot of L2 cache. 

If you are talking about an i7 processor, you're referring to a 64 bit architecture, meaning that the clock speed is the same, but the clock rate is different.

The difference is that the CPU is based on the same architecture as the RAM, so it's the same clock speed, but it's using the same amount of power. 



This means that if you want to
We can.  Fiber optic cables are built on the ocean floor.  They are anchored to the seabed.  If the ocean is expanding, the cables will be able to be moved further and further away from the moorings.

There are two ways to do this.  One is to build a tunnel under the ocean.  The other is to lay a cable on land.  In the case of the tunnel, the cable will be laid on land and the land will be connected to the cable.  This means that the cables can be moved farther away from where they are currently.
Bears can hibernate for months and survive without food and water, and a human can die within weeks. 

Bears have a lower body temperature than humans, so their body temperature doesn't drop as much, and their metabolism slows down.

Humans, on the other hand, have a higher body temperature, which means that they have to eat more to maintain their body heat, and they need to drink more water to stay alive.
Cinnamon and brown sugar are two very different chemicals. 

Cinnamon is a naturally occurring chemical in the earth, brown sugar is a byproduct of brown sugar.

Salicylates are naturally occurring chemicals in apples, which is why apples taste sweet and apples taste sour. 


Salicylic acid is a chemical that is found in apples and is the reason they taste sweet.
We don't have the resources to orbit the other planets in our solar system. 

We have to launch probes/satellites to orbit other planets and then land on them.
I think it has to do with how you perceive yourself in the mirror. 

When you look at yourself in a mirror, you are looking at your face, not your face in a picture.  You are seeing your face from the perspective of your eyes.  If you look in a photo, you're looking at a picture of your face.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm going to assume that you're referring to a person who doesn't know how to write or speak. 

Imagine that you have a dream.  You dream that you are walking down the street, and you hear a voice in your head telling you to go to the grocery store.  When you get there, the voice says, "Go to the store and buy the stuff you want."  You go, and the voice tells you to buy it.  If you don't understand what the voice is saying, you can't understand it.
Hair loss is caused by a number of things. 

1. The hair follicles on the back of your head are very thin, so when you wear a hat, you're wearing a thin layer of hair on top of the hair follicle, which makes it harder for the hair to grow back.

2. When you wear hats, your hair is exposed to a lot of heat, which causes it to dry out. This is why you see bald people wearing hats in the winter, because it's easier for them to get rid of their hair.
Puerto Rico is a US territory.  It is part of the US, but it is not a state.  

It is a territory of the United States, and it is under the jurisdiction of the federal government.  The federal government provides it with a lot of money, including Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security benefits.

The federal government also subsidizes the island's government with money that comes from the US.  This money is used to pay for infrastructure, such as roads, bridges, airports, and other things that are needed for the island to function.
The pound is a unit of mass, the foot is a measure of force.

The foot poundal is the unit of energy that is part of the foot-poundal (symbol: ft-pdl) system of units, in Imperial units introduced in 1879, and is from the specialized subsystem of English Absolut (a coherent system).
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it has something to do with the fact that the ingredients used in the food are different from the ones in the store brand. 

The ingredients are often made by the same company, but the packaging is different, so the taste is different as well.
The split infinitive is not a grammatical rule, it's a cultural thing. 

It's a way for people to say "I went to the store" without having to use the verb "to go" or "to buy"

The reason it's controversial is because it's not grammatically correct.

There's no such rule against splitting infinitives.  It's just a way of saying "I'm going to buy something".

If you want to use it in a sentence, you have to use "I bought something".  If you don't want to
They wear suits to keep warm and to blend in with the surrounding environment. 

It's a tradition that dates back to World War I when the Secret Service used to protect the president from the cold.
It's not that the US has socialized medicine, it's that we have private health insurance. 

In the US, there are a lot of people who don't have health insurance, so they have to pay out of pocket for their health care.  This means that the government has to pay for it.

Canada, on the other hand, has a system where everyone has health insurance and the government pays for it, so the government doesn't have to.
When you are tired, your eyes don't have enough lubricating fluid to keep your eyes moist, so they dry out. When you are stressed, your body releases hormones that lubricate your eyes to keep them from drying out.
Short selling is when you borrow shares of a stock from the owner of the stock and then sell them on the open market for less than the price of the shares. 

You don't need someone else to be going long.  You just need to be able to sell the stock at a lower price than it's currently worth.
I think it has to do with the fact that counting money requires a lot of concentration. 

When you count money, your brain is trying to keep track of how many coins are in a given amount of time, and how much of that time you have left to count them.

It's not that it's hard, it's just that it takes a lot more time to do it than it does to count something else.
There are more possible games of chess than there are atoms in the observable universe.

Let's say you want to know how many possible games there are of chess. 

You can calculate the number of possible games by looking at the game's score and multiplying it by the total number of players in the game.  If you look at the score, you'll see that there are more than 1,000,000 possible games.  You can multiply that by the number (1,000) of players.  This is called the "universal probability bound".

Now, if you want more information
There is a direct daily bus line between Damascus (Syria) and Ar-Raqqah (ISIS-occupied).

It's not a direct line, it's a shuttle service.

The buses are operated by the Syrian government, and the buses are subsidized by the government.
The "fiscal cliff" wasn't actually bad for our economic recovery.

It was bad for the economy because it caused a lot of people to lose their jobs. 

If you're talking about unemployment, it's not bad, but it's bad for economic growth, because it means that people will have less money to spend on things like food stamps, unemployment insurance, and social security, which will cause the economy to slow down.
I think it has to do with the fact that when you hurt yourself, your body releases endorphins. Endorphins are endogenous opioids that are released in response to physical injury, acting as natural painkillers and inducing pleasant feelings
"Legitimate rape" is a term used by the anti-abortion movement to refer to pregnancies resulting from rape.

A lot of people think it's demeaning because it implies that women who are victims of rape are not capable of giving birth, which is not true.
The oven heats up the food faster than it cools it down. 

When you heat up the oven, you're actually increasing the temperature of the food, which causes it to expand and contract.  This causes the food to brown, which is why you don't want to preheat the oven before baking.
Gum is not a food, it's a liquid. It's not digestible in your stomach, so it doesn't need to be digested.

It's also not water soluble, so if you swallow it, it will stick to your teeth and gum sticks to your tongue, which is bad for your teeth.
I think it's because the TV is the one thing that keeps you awake at night. When it's off, the room becomes darker and more quiet.
It's not planned obsolescence, it's just that the manufacturer makes a lot of money off of it.  

If you have a new phone, it costs more money to make than it does to keep it running, so they make sure that it's as good as they can make it.

When you buy a phone, you're buying it with the expectation that it will last a long time, so the company makes sure that they can sell it as many times as they want.
Jailbreaking is a way to get your phone to work on other carriers without having to buy a new phone.  

If you have a contract with a carrier that locks your phone, you can't use it on any other carrier.  If you want to change carriers, you have to get a new contract with another carrier.

You can jailbreak your phone by modifying the software on the phone to make it run on the other carrier's network.  This is called "unlocking".

Unlocking your phone means that the phone will no longer be able to connect to any other network
It's not a hive, it's a collection of different types of bees. 

Honey bees live in colonies of two or more females.  The queen lays eggs and lays them in the hive, and the worker bees tend to care for the brood.  When the queen dies, the workers take care of the brood and the workers clean the hive.
The chloroplasts in a tree's chloroplast are called mesophyll. They are the cells that make the chlorophyll that makes the leaves green.
Dogs don't have a voice box. They don't need one. They have a vocal cord that connects to their vocal chords, and they use it to communicate with each other.
Breathing more is not enought to fight against altitude sickness. 

Your body needs oxygen to function properly.

When you're at high altitude, the air is thin, dry, and full of nitrogen. This causes your body to make more hemoglobin, which is a molecule of oxygen that binds to the nitrogen in your blood. This makes your blood less able to carry oxygen, and you get sick.
I'm not a linguist, but I think I can answer your question. 

Rhyming slang is a way for people to communicate with each other in a way that is easy to understand, but hard to understand to non-English speakers. It's a way to keep people talking about the same thing without having to explain it to each other.

For example, if you're talking to someone in the street, you might say "I'm going to buy a loaf of bread and butter" and they'll say "Oh, I don't know what you mean, I'm not sure what
It's called notational audiation.

When you hear a piece of music, your brain interprets it as if it's being played in a different key than it is. So, if you're playing a piece in the wrong key, you can hear it as though it's been played in the right key.
I think it's because the propellers are spinning at a faster rate than the tires. 

The propellers spin at a higher rate because they have more mass, which causes them to spin in the opposite direction.

Tires, on the other hand, have less mass, so they don't spin as fast.
They don't. 

They have a layer of muscle in their mantle that acts like a membrane, which allows them to float.

The pressure is so low that they don't need to push against the water at all.
I think it has to do with the fact that the US is not a socialist country.  

The US is a capitalist country, and the US government is a business.  The US government has a lot of money to spend on things like health care, education, and infrastructure.  It's not a free market, it's a business model.
He's not signing up for Obamacare because he's anti-Obamacare. He's signing up because he wants to keep his job.
You don't cut a vein. 

Your body has a mechanism called vasopressin.  It's a chemical in your blood called vasoconstrictor.  When you cut a blood vessel, it causes the blood vessels in your veins to constrict, which causes blood to flow out of the area.  If you don't constrict the veins, the blood will continue to flow into your body.

When you cut the vein, you're not stopping the flow of blood.  You're stopping the clotting of the blood, which is what causes you to bleed.  The
The gay agenda is basically the idea that the gay rights movement is an extension of the right wing's agenda. 

It's not really a gay agenda, it's an agenda of the religious right, which is a group of people who believe that gay people should not be allowed to have equal rights, and that the government should not allow them to be able to discriminate against them.
The number of neutrons in the nuclei of an atom determines the number of electrons in the nucleus, which in turn determines the amount of electrons of the atom in its non-ionized state.
Some microphones are very sensitive to the sound waves coming from the front of your mouth.  

Some microphones can only record sound when it is close to the source such as front of the mouth.
Waterboarding is a form of torture.

Dunking someone's head in a bucket of water is not torture, it is a way to make them think they are being tortured. 

It's not torture because it's not physically painful, it's torture because you're making them think that they're being tortured, and that they are.
It depends on the country. 

In the United States, it depends on whether the composer was alive when the work was written, and died.

If the composer died before 1923, the work is considered to be in the public domain.  If the composer lived after 1923, then it is considered in the general public domain, meaning that it is free to use for any purpose.
They use a device called a "people meter" that plugs into the wall below or near each TV set in household.  It records the frequency of the TV and the time it is on.  They then use that information to estimate how many people are watching or listening at a specific time.
The Pirate Bay was shut down by the US government. 

KickassTorrentz wasn't shut down because they're not illegal, they're illegal because they don't have control over the content itself.
They don't. 

If they were to pay a fine, they would have to pay it back to the government.  They don't do that.
There are two main types of WiFi networks: 802.1x and 802.15.1.

802.1X is a standard for wireless access points (APs).  It is designed to be able to be used in a range of frequencies from 1GHz to 5GHz.  

1x is used in the 4.9GHz band.  It can be used for indoor, outdoor and mobile applications.  The reason for this is that it allows you to connect multiple devices at the same time.  This means that you don't need to worry about interference with other devices.
It depends on the color.

If you're talking about a color run, it's a chemical reaction that causes the molecules in the air to change color. 

Think of it like this:

When you breathe in air, you're breathing in oxygen, but your lungs are also breathing in carbon dioxide, which is an oxygen-containing molecule.  This means that if you inhale too much of it, you'll choke.  If you exhale a lot of it at the same time, your lungs won't be able to take in enough of it to make you asphyxiate
Your mouth is exposed to less oxygen and is inactive during the night, which means that your mouth has less saliva to work with, which makes your breath smell worse.
When you're dehydrated, your urine contains a lot of water, and the water in your urine is not being absorbed by your kidneys. 

When you drink enough water, your kidneys are able to break down the water and turn it into yellow.
Pounding the meat causes the proteins in it to break down, which makes it softer and easier to chew.
Freeware programs are designed to make money.  They're not designed to be useful, they're designed to get you to install them. 

If you don't install them, then they're not useful.
I think it has to do with the fact that the US is the largest country in the world.  

The US has a lot of control over the top level domains.  They set the rules for the TLDs that are available to the rest of the world, but they don't have the authority to decide which ones are allowed to be used.

In other countries, they have a lot more control over which TLD's are available.  For example, Germany has a TLD called.de, which is a third level TLD.  Germany is the only country on the planet
You can put in the recycling bin same files with the same name but you cannot do that in any other folder
It's not bad to defrost and refreeze things like meat, but it's bad to freeze them.

When you freeze something, the water in it becomes a liquid, and when it cools down, it starts to sublimate, which is when the water becomes a gas. 

If you freeze it too long, it will become a solid, and the water will start to turn into steam, which will cause the meat to become rancid.
They don't get arrested for smoking weed in their videos.

They get arrested because they get caught.
When you sit, your veins are constricted by the muscles in your legs. When you stand, the muscles contract, and the blood is forced to flow upwards. 

When you're standing, the veins don't constrict as much, so the blood can continue to flow up your leg.
When you move your mouth the same way, your tongue makes contact with the back of your throat, which is where the consonant sounds come from. 

When you annunciate the letter, you move the letter in the opposite direction, which causes the sound to come from your back instead of your front.
Mathematics is a lot more complex than it used to be.  

There are a lot of things that mathematicians attempt to solve.  For example, if you want to calculate the volume of a circle, you need to know how many sides of the circle are in the same dimension as the circumference.  If you know the circumference, you can calculate the diameter.  But if you don't know the diameter, you have to figure out how to divide the circumference into two dimensions.  So you have a problem of multiplying the circumference and diameter by the number of sides.

If you
It depends on the type of shot. 

Salt and lime work for every kind of shot, but not all kinds of shots require salt and lime.

Lime works for some shots, salt works for others.
Yes, you could. 

It is possible, but it would require a lot of work and expense.

You would need to go through puberty and go through a period of menopause, which is when your breasts grow the most. 


If you are cisgender, you would be able to do the same thing, but you would have to wait until the end of your menstrual cycle to do it.
A packet is a series of bytes. 

TCP is the protocol that handles sending and receiving data over the internet.  
IP is the one that handles the actual delivery of the data.
You can build a house on private land, but you need permission from the owner of the land.

If you don't have permission, you can't build your own house without the permission of the owner.
The surface tension of the bubble is not built in energy, it is the surface tension between the surface and the air inside the bubble. 

If you blow on the bubble, it deforms, but it doesn't need energy to do so.  The surface tension is created by the pressure of the air in the bubble and the pressure on the surface.
I think it has something to do with the fact that babies are still learning how to communicate.  Babies are still very young, and their brains are still developing.  They don't have the ability to understand language yet, so they have to rely on their senses to communicate with each other.  

This is why we talk to them in such a strange way.
Darwin was wrong about two things.

1. The first is that evolution is not random. It is not a process of random selection. 

2. The second is that it is not the result of natural selection, it is the product of evolution. 


Darwin believed that evolution was not random, it was a result of selection. He believed that if you have a trait that makes you more likely to survive and reproduce, then you will have a greater chance of being able to pass that trait on to your offspring.  This is called natural selection. If you have traits that make
The president is the head of the executive branch of the government.  He has the power to sign laws, veto laws, and make executive orders.  

He can also appoint and dismiss cabinet members, and he can fire cabinet members.  The president can also declare war, and can veto laws passed by Congress.
They're not profitable. 

They're still around because they have a loyal customer base.

Reddit has a huge user base.  They have a lot of loyal users.  If they can't make enough money to keep them around, they will go out of business.  It's not that they don't want to make money, it's that they want to keep their customers.
Asperger's is a form of autism. 

High-functioning autism is a type of autism that is defined by a pattern of symptoms rather than a single symptom.  It is characterized by stereotyped and restricted patterns of behavior, activities and interests, and by no clinically significant delay in cognitive development or general delay in language.  Asperger’s is a symptom of autism, while high functioning autism is defined as a condition that is not a symptom.
The screen is made of glass, and the phone is made out of metal. 

The glass is very strong, and when you put pressure on it, it bends, but not enough to crack or break the screen.
Cisgender is the opposite of transgender.

Transgender is a term used to refer to people who have a mismatch between the gender they were assigned at birth, their bodies, and their personal identity. 

Cisgendered is a label used to describe people who are transgender.
The presumption of innocence means that the prosecution must prove beyond a reasonable doubt that the defendant is guilty beyond any reasonable doubt.

In other words, the prosecution has to prove that the accused is guilty, and the defense has to show that the defense is not guilty.
Hyper-threading is a way for a processor to run multiple tasks at the same time.  

Imagine you have a computer that has two "logical" processors, each of which has its own logical state.  Each of these logical processors have their own set of instructions, and each of these instructions can be executed independently of the other logical processors.

When you have multiple logical processors in a processor, you can schedule them to do different things.  For example, if you have two logical processors, one of them can be used for a task that is not currently being executed, and the
Zeppelins and blimps are not viable alternatives to cruise ships for luxury travel.  Cruise ships are built for cruising.  They are designed to carry a lot of people.

Blimps and zeppelins are not designed for cruising, they are designed for flying.
They are called "Beau's lines" and are caused by a defect in the nail matrix. 

The nail matrix is the part of the nail that connects the nail to the nail bed.  When the nail is damaged, it stops dividing and the capillaries (capillaries that make up the nail's surface) stop working.

When the nail beds are damaged, the cells in the matrix stop dividing and stop making new cells.  This is why you see them.
The U.S. government spends more per capita on healthcare then any other nation.

It's not that the US government is the only developed nation in the world without universal healthcare, it's that it's the most expensive. 

The US government spends a lot of money on health care because it is the largest employer in the country.  It's also the biggest employer.  The average worker in the US works for a company that makes $100,000 a year.  That's about $10,000 per person per year, which is about $1,000 more than the average worker
The speed of the USB 3.0 flash driver is determined by three things: the speed at which it can read and write, the speed in which the USB controller device can read the data, and the speed the hardware bus. 

The speed is measured in megabytes per second (MB/s), which is the amount of data that can be read and written in a second.

If you're talking about the speed of a USB flash drive, it's because the flash drive is using a different type of chip than a USB 2.0 chip. The flash drive uses a different chip, and
The universe is expanding. It's been expanding for about 13.8 billion years, and it's not going to stop any time soon. 

The reason it's expanding is because of the expansion of the universe's gravitational field, which is caused by the gravitational pull of all the matter and energy in the universe. This field is called the [inflationary field](_URL_0_). It's caused by all the mass and energy being released into the universe at the same time, which causes the universe to expand.
It's called the "hyped state" and it's caused by the release of endorphins.  Oxytocin and vasopressin are neurotransmitters in your brain that make you feel good.

When you are hyped about something, your brain releases oxytocin, which is a hormone that makes you feel happy.  When you are not hyped, your body releases dopamine, which causes you to feel bad.
They don't.  They don't know.  

They know when the product is going to spoil, but they don't really know how long it's going to last.
Our sense of temperature comes from our hypothalamus, a region of the brain that controls our body's hypothalamus.  It's the part of your brain responsible for regulating your body's temperature.  The hypothalamus is also responsible for detecting changes in your core temperature, which is what causes your body to feel cold and hot.  

Your body has a bunch of different types of sensors that detect heat and cold.  These sensors are located in different parts of your body.  Some of them are in your skin, some in your eyes, others in your nose, etc.  They detect changes in
It's a combination of two things. 

1. There are a lot of cameras on the field, and each of them has a camera that takes a picture of the field.

2. There is a computer in the truck that monitors how the camera is used during the game, and uses that data to draw the first down line. 


The first thing you need to know is that there are a bunch of sensors on the ground, and they all take pictures of the same thing: the field and the ball.  These sensors are then fed into a computer, and the computer takes the
The rule of thirds is based on the Pythagorean minor minor theorem, which states that if you divide a number by two, you get the same number. 

It's not just humans that find it appealing, it's also true for most animals.
It's a chemical reaction between the taste buds on your tongue and the taste receptors in your brain. 

When you eat something, the chemicals in your mouth react with the taste receptor cells in your tongue.

Your tongue is covered with thousands of taste buds, and each one has a different type of taste receptor.  These taste receptors are located on the upper surface of your tongue, in the upper part of the pharynx and the larynx.  When you eat a food, these taste buds are stimulated by chemicals in the food, and when they are stimulated, they send out a signal
I think it's because they feel that they can do more good by starting their own charity than by working for one that is already well established and respected.
Language doesn't just die out, it goes through a number of stages.

The first stage is when the language has no more native speakers. If there are only a few elderly people who still speak the language, and they no longer use that language for communication, it is considered an extinct language. The second stage is called moribund. This is when there are no more fluent speakers, and the language is at risk of falling out of use as its speakers die out or shift to speaking other languages. The third stage is "endangered", which is when a language is considered to be in danger of extinction
It's called space adaptation syndrome, and it's caused by your body trying to adjust to the weightlessness. 

Your body is used to being in a very small space, so when you get motion sick, your body is trying to get used to it.

It's also possible that you're genetically predisposed to it because you're more likely to be born with a genetic predisposition to it, or because you were exposed to it as a child.
The pros and cons of letting Syrian refugees into the United States are:

1. They are not terrorists.

2. They have been vetted by the US government. 

3. They will not be a security risk to the US.
If you're in a car accident, you should get out of the car as soon as you can. If you're not, you need to get to a hospital immediately. 

If you are injured, it's best to call 911.
Because it's a joke.  It's meant to be funny.  He's trying to make fun of a stereotype.
It's not that they are pedophiles, it's that they're being accused of being pedophiles. 

In the UK, there are a lot of things that go on in the public eye that are considered scandalous, but it's not the same as being a pedophile.

For example, the Prime Minister has been accused of having a sexual relationship with a 12-year-old boy, which is a very big deal in the UK.  It's not something that happens in the US, where it's a big deal.  In the UK it's more of a thing that happens
It depends on the type of contract.

If you have a contract with a phone company, the contract says that you have to pay a monthly fee. If you don't pay the monthly fee, the phone company will not renew your contract. If they don't renew the contract, they will not be able to collect the monthly fees.
Ice crystals form when water freezes at a certain temperature. 

When water freezes, the molecules in it start to break down into smaller and smaller droplets.  These droplets can't stay in the solution long enough to form a solid, so they start to fall out of the solution.  When the droplets fall out, they form ice crystals.
Hiroshima and Nagasaki were not hit by the same amount of radiation as Chernobyl. 

Chernobyl was hit by a lot of radiation, but it was spread out over a long period of time, and the amount of radioactivity in the air and water is still very high.

Nagasaki and Hiroshima were hit by much smaller amounts of radiation than Chernobyl, which is why they are still uninhabitable.
The domed helmets were designed to give more protection to the head and neck from above. 

They were originally used by the British Army during World War II, and are still worn by the police today.
If you were thought to be dead and all your stuff was given out according to your will, including your business, but then you came back you would have to prove that you were still alive. 

If you didn't have a will, then you would not be able to prove you were alive.
I think it has to do with the fact that you're not used to the feeling of your own skin being scratched. You're used to it feeling good, but when someone else scratches your back or hair, it feels amazing.
It's not that we don't want to move on from the combustible engine, it's just that we're not ready for it yet. 

Modern engines are designed to use heat to heat the exhaust, not to burn it.

A turbine engine uses the heat from the exhaust to turn the exhaust into steam and drive a steam engine, or a gas turbine in a rocket engine may be driven by decomposing hydrogen peroxide.
When you're in wifi, your phone is using the same amount of power as it does when you're using data. 

When you use data, you're not using your phone as much as you are using wifi, so your phone uses less power.

Your phone is also using more power when it's in wifi mode than when it is in data mode, so it uses more power.
When you have water in your eyes, your eyes are filled with a thin layer of fluid that reflects light.  This is called the vitreous humour.  When you have wet eyes, the liquid is not able to reflect light, so it reflects it back to the eye.

When you are dry, your eye is filled with water, so the liquid doesn't reflect as much light as it does when you have dry eyes.  So the light that is reflected back to your eyes is refracted by the liquid, which causes it to look pointy. 

The same thing happens when you
Game of War is a huge game.  It's not just a game, it's a franchise.  

It's also a game that's been in development for a while, so they've spent a lot of time and money on it.  They have a huge amount of money to spend on marketing and promotion, and they have a large amount of people working on it as well.
They don't take pictures of the entire visible universe, they take photos of a specific area of the sky. 

They use a telescope to look at the entire sky, and then they use a camera to take a picture of that area.
A diode is a device that allows an electric current to pass in one direction (called the diode's forward direction) while blocking it in the opposite direction (the reverse direction). As such, it acts as an electronic version of a check valve.
Your intestines are made up of a bunch of cells.  When you eat, the cells in your intestines break down the water in your food, and the water is absorbed by your colon.

When you drink water, the bacteria in your intestine are able to break down that water and turn it into energy.  This energy is stored in the form of electrolytes (sodium, potassium, chloride, etc).  These electrolytes are then released into your bloodstream, where they are used by your body to maintain a charge balance in your body.  The electrolytes in your blood are called electrolytes, and they are responsible for keeping your body's electrolyte balance.
He was trying to prove to the world that he was the leader of a terrorist organization, and that the United States was the enemy of Islam.

He was also trying to show that the US was not the only one who was capable of carrying out terrorist attacks.
It depends on the depth of the land you own. 

If you own the land down to the core, then yes, you own it.  If you own all the land up to the surface, then no.

However, if you own a lot of land, then you may have to sell some of it to someone else.  This is called "freehold" land.  Freehold means that the land is owned by the person who bought it, not by the government.
It's not illegal to own or so hard to get in America, it's illegal to sell in the US. 

It's illegal because the US government doesn't want you to own a car that isn't made in the USA.  It's illegal for you to sell a car in the U.S. if it's not made in America.
We can. 

We have been burning fossil fuels for thousands of years.  We have been releasing greenhouse gases into the atmosphere that cause the earth to warm up.  This is a proven thing.

The problem is that we are not doing anything to stop it.  If we don't stop it, we will end up with a world where we will have to adapt to a different climate.  It's not that we can't do anything about it, it's that we need to do something about it now.
Capitalism is the idea that if you want to make money, you need to compete with other people. 

In the US, this means that you have to compete against other people in order to get the best price for the goods you produce.

If you have a good product, you can sell it to other people, but if you don't, you're not going to be able to make as much money as you would if you were the only one making it, and you're going to have to pay a lot of people to make it for you.
Single action is a type of gun where the barrel(s) are hinged and can be "broken open" to expose the breech. 

Double action is when the barrel is hinged, but the trigger is manually operated.

Pump action is the same thing, but with a sliding grip at the fore-end beneath the barrel.
I think it has to do with the fact that men are required to wear a shirt and women are not. 

Men are expected to keep their body warm, and women to keep it cool, and men need to be able to move the body without being restricted by an upper body garment.
I'm not an economist, but I'll try my best to explain it step-by-step:

1. The economy is cyclical.

When the economy is doing well, there is a lot of demand for goods and services, and people are willing to spend money on them. 

2. When the economy starts to slow down, people are afraid of losing their jobs, so they stop spending money on things like cars, houses, and other things that make them happy. 


3. If the economy slows down too much, people will be afraid to spend their money,
NASA is not a passive agency. It is a government agency. 

It's not that other government agencies don't need to do this, it's just that they don't have the resources to do it.
Degrees make degrees, degrees make degrees.

Degree Celsius is the International System of Units (SI) unit of temperature.  It's the same as Celsius, but it's a lowercase letter.  

In English, degrees are used to refer to the number of degrees between 0 and 100 degrees.  So, for example, if you want to know how hot it is in Celsius, you need to look at the Celsius scale.  If you look at it from a distance, you can see that it's 100 degrees Celsius.  But if you look closer, you'll
Disneyland(s) and Walt Disney World (Walt Disney World) are two theme parks in Florida. 

Disneyland is located in the middle of the state of Florida, and is owned by the Walt Disney Company.  It is the largest theme park in the world.  They are located on the Florida peninsula, and are part of the World Wide World of Walt Disney Resort, which is a resort located in Orlando, Florida.

They are both owned by Disney, but they are located in different parts of the world, so they are not in the same region.  The two parks are
It's a lot of work. 

There are many different types of research going on at any given time.

1. They are trying to figure out what causes the disease, and how to treat it.
2. They may be trying to find a way to prevent it from happening.
3. They might be looking for a cure.
4. They're trying to understand what causes it.
I'm not sure, but I think it has to do with the fact that it's safer to wear a surgical mask when you're in a public place than to wear regular clothes.
The death penalty has been around for a long time. 

In the early 1900s, the United States was one of the first countries in the world to abolish the death penalty.  It was the first country to do so because it was seen as cruel and unusual punishment for a crime that was not a crime of violence.

It was also the first nation to abolish it after the Civil War.  The death penalty was abolished in the late 1800s because of the fact that it was viewed as a form of torture.  In other words, it was believed that the execution of a person was a
Coffee is made from ground coffee beans. 

Caffeine is soluble in water.  It's not soluble in carbonated water.
Water is a conductor of electricity. 

When water is in contact with an electrical circuit, it causes it to conduct electricity.

If the circuit is connected to a water source, the water can break the connection and cause the electricity to flow out of the circuit.  If the water is not connected to an electrical source, it can cause the water to flow into the circuit and cause it to stop working.
They don't. 

It's not that they don't consent to it, it's that they're not allowed to say anything about it.  If they did, they'd be sued for libel, slander, defamation, etc.
The CIA had nothing to gain by being involved in the crack epidemic in the 80s.  They were involved in it because it was a way for the CIA to get information about drug dealers and crack dealers.  The crack epidemic was not a problem that the CIA wanted to be involved in.  It was a problem for the government, and the government wanted to prevent it from happening again.
It's not the hard way, it's the way of speaking. 

Language is a collection of consonants and vowels.

When you speak a language, there are a lot of consonant clusters, and there are many vowels and consonants that are consonant-vowel pairs.  These clusters are called consonants, and they are what we call "throat" languages.  They are related to the Indo-European languages, but they are not related to each other. They are all related to Proto-Indo-European, which is a branch of Austroasi
I think it has to do with the invention of the washing machine. 

In the late 19th and early 20th century, there was a huge increase in the production of children's clothing, which was made with chemicals that could be mass produced and washed in hot water without fading.

This meant that it was easier to make clothes for both boys and girls, and it also meant that they could be washed more often, which made them easier to wear.
Stuebenville is a small town in the middle east of the United States. It's a very rural area, with a lot of poverty and poverty stricken people. 

The town is known for having a large number of homeless people, and a large amount of drug dealers.

In the early 1900s, a man named Sparkman lived there, and ran a drug ring. He was caught by a local police officer, and was put in jail for drug possession. 


He was released after a few months, and the police were able to track him down and put him in jail.
Your brain is a collection of thousands of neurons. 

When you do something for a long period of time, the neurons in your brain start firing in a pattern.  This pattern is called a memory trace.  When you repeat the pattern, you are repeating the memory.

If you don't repeat it, the patterns will start to fade away.  If you do it enough times, you will eventually forget the pattern.
I think it's because they're using the pull-to-refresh technique. 

It's a way for the ad agency to make sure that the screen doesn't run out of time.
It's a soldering iron.  It's a metal tip and an insulated handle.  The handle heats up the metal, and the tip heats the metal.  You can use it to heat the metal to the point where it's hot enough to melt the solder.  If you're using it for electrical soldering, you can use the handle to heat it up to a point where the metal is hot enough that it can melt.  

If you're doing electronics, it's a good idea to use it for soldering.  When you're working on a circuit board, you want to
It's the oxidation of iron. 

Iron oxide is a chemical that reacts with oxygen to form iron hydroxide.

When it's oxidized, it forms a layer of iron(II) hydroxides (Iron(OH)₂).

This is what gives rust it's rusty smell.
Office paper is made of paper, not wood. 

Hardwood logs are made of wood that has moisture in them.  The moisture evaporates off the wood as it burns.  Paper is made up of paper.  When the paper is dry, it is not able to absorb as much moisture as the wood.
He doesn't want to give all his money away to charity, he wants to give it to the people that made it for him.
It's a combination of two characters.

_URL_0_
Lacan psychoanalysis is a branch of psychoanalysis that deals with the inner workings of the human psyche. It's a bit different from Freudian psychoanalysis in that it focuses on the "mirror stage", the "Imaginary", and the "Symbolic". 

The Imaginary and the Symbolic are the three major concepts in Lacan's thought. They are related to the Imaginary, The Symbolic and The Real (RSI). The Real is the part of the psyche that we can't see, which is what makes us who we are. The Imaginary is what we
Israel is the state of Israel.

Palestine is the land that was once part of the British Mandate of Palestine. 

The British decided to give the land to the Jewish people as part of their Mandate, but the Jews didn't want to give up their land, so they fought a war against the British and won the land back in the 70s and 80s.
They know you solved the capcha correctly.

It's not that they know that you solved it correctly, it's that the website knows that you did it correctly.
When you put your clothes on, you're transferring heat from your body to the air around you. 

When you're cold, your body is losing heat to the cold air around it, and the water in your clothes is evaporating from your skin.

Your body is constantly losing heat, so when you put on your clothes, it's trying to keep the water from evaporating.
Because it is a no fly zone. 

The FAA is not allowed to allow planes to fly within 1,250 statute miles (2,010 km) of Washington DC.
It's not that they don't work, it's that they're not designed to work. 

When you pump oil out of a well, you're pumping it through a wellhead.  The wellhead is filled with water.  When you pump the oil through the wellhead, the water evaporates, and the oil gets trapped in the water.

If you add a little bit of oil to the water, it will evaporate out of the water and into the air.  If you add more oil, it'll evaporate back into the water until it's no longer there.
It feels good to destroy things. 

It's a primal instinct.  It's the same reason you feel good when you throw a rock at a wall.  You want to destroy it because you want it to fall down.

When you destroy something, you want to make it fall down again.  That's why it feels good.
Formal logic is a system of logic that is used in mathematics and computer science. 

Let's say you want to know how to calculate the sum of all the numbers in a system.

You can do this by taking a list of numbers and saying "the sum of the numbers is 1".

Now, let's say we have a set of numbers, and we want to figure out how to add them together. Let's say that we know that the sum is 1, so we can say that if we add the numbers together, we get a sum of 1,2,3,
The moon is surrounded by a thin layer of water droplets and sometimes tiny ice crystals of a cloud or on a foggy glass surface. The droplets reflect the light from the sun, which causes the moon to glow.

_URL_0_
Chromebooks are designed for use while connected to the internet, so they don't need to be connected to a network.

Chrome is also designed to be used as a desktop computer, so it doesn't need a lot of power to do things that a PC needs to do.
I think it has something to do with the way that chisels and brooms are made. 

Chisels are made with a straight edge, and sweep with a curved edge.

A broom is made with curved edges, and sweeps with a flat edge.
I'm not sure what you mean by "world debt" but I'll try to explain it. 

First, let's say you have a $100 bill that you owe to a bank.

The bank will lend you $100 and you will pay them back at 5% per year for the rest of your life. If you don't pay back the money, the bank will foreclose on your house and sell it to someone else, and you'll owe them $100,000 a year until you pay them off. If they sell it back to you at 5%, you'll pay them $
I think it has to do with the fact that when you read a book or movie, your brain has to process information one moment at a time in order for you to function as a human. When you finish reading a book, it's like you have to go back to the beginning of the book and re-read the first few pages to make sure you understand what's going on.
Your heart is a very complex system.  It has a lot of different things going on in it.  

When you take an electrocardiogram, you are measuring the electrical activity of your heart.  You are measuring how fast your heart is beating, how much blood is being pumped through your heart, and how much oxygen is being released into your blood vessels.  These are all measured over a very short period of time.

If your heart isn't beating at a normal rate, it's not going to be able to tell you what's going on.  If it's beating at
Genetics play a role in weight gain and loss, but it's not the only factor. 

If you're on a calorie-in/calorie-out diet, you're not going to lose weight. You're going to gain weight, and it's going to be because you're eating more calories than you're used to eating.
Paper is made up of a bunch of tiny little fibers that are connected to each other. When you cut a piece of paper, you're cutting a thin layer of paper that's not connected to the rest of the paper. 

When you cut the paper, the tiny fibers get pulled apart, and the tiny bits of paper are pulled apart.  This is what causes the paper to tear.
Toast has a lot more moisture in it than plain bread, which is why it tastes better.
If you buy stock of a company, you are not the owner of the company.  You are the holder of the stock.  

If you want to sell your stock, you have to go to the stock exchange and buy it.  The stock will be sold at a set price.  If the price is too low, you will have to wait for the stock to rise to a higher price before you can sell it.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm going to assume it's because they don't want you to have to buy new books every year. 

The reason they do this is because they want to make sure they have enough money to cover the cost of the materials they use.  If you buy a new textbook every year, you're not going to be able to get a good deal on it.
I'm not a wine expert, but I'll give it a shot.

First, you need to know what you're tasting. 

Wine is made from grapes that have been aged for a long time in oak barrels, which means that the wine has a lot of oak in it, and the wine will have a lot more wood in it than if it were made in a bottle of red or white wine. This means that it will taste better if it's aged in oak, and if it was made in the past, it will have less oak. 


Next, you have to
Because the NHS is a public service, and the government has a duty to fund it.

The NHS is not a private company, it is a government department, and it is funded by the government. 

If the government were to privatise the NHS, it would mean that they would have to pay for it themselves, which would be a huge financial drain on the public purse.
The purpose is to get your congressmen to talk to you.  It's not to get them to listen to you, it's to get their attention.  If they don't want to hear from you, they'll ignore you.
The handrails are designed to keep pace with the speed of the steps.

When you step onto the stairs, your feet are moving at the same speed as the steps, but your handrail is moving at a different speed than the stairs.
Because it's cheaper. 

They don't make enough money from breakfast to justify it.
I think it has to do with the fact that your own voice is a natural part of who you are. 

When you're recording your voice, you're using a microphone that is not designed to record your voice.  It's not meant to record the sound of your voice at all, it's meant to capture the sounds of the people around you.  When you record yourself, the microphone is set up in such a way that you can't hear the other person's voice, but you can hear your own.  This is why it's so hard for people to hear other people's voices.
Portugal drives on the left because it's the left-handed side of the road, and Macau is on the right.
A pub is a place where people gather to drink alcohol and eat food.

A saloon is a bar, a taver is a restaurant, a tavern is a public house, a pub is an inn.
Concrete is a mixture of coarse (stone or brick chips) and fine (generally sand or crushed stone) aggregates with a paste of binder material (usually Portland cement) and water. 

Cement is made up of a bunch of tiny crystalline crystals.  When you mix it with water, the crystals form a lattice.  This lattice acts like a membrane, which allows water to flow through it.

When you pour concrete, you're pouring water through the lattice, and the water gets trapped in the lattices.  The lattice is so strong that it
It's because when you shake the can, the aerosol particles are pushed out of the can by gravity. 

When you hold the can upside down, you're holding the can in a way that makes it easier for the can to fall out of your hands.  If you hold it upside down and let the can fall out, the can will fall back into your hands, and you'll end up with a can full of aerosol.
Because they are not monopolies.

They are regulated as essential facilities, which means they are required by law to provide essential services to the public.  They are not considered monopolies because they are regulated by the government, which is not a monopoly.  A monopoly is when a company is the only seller of a product or service having no close substitutes.
It's not that they want to get rid of Harbaugh, it's that they don't want him to be the face of the team. 

He's not a good player, he's a bad coach, and the team is not doing well.
It's called "market exclusivity". 

In other words, a company can't sell a drug at the same price as another company because they have exclusive rights to that drug.  
 
The reason they can do this is because they don't have to compete with other companies in the market.  They don't want to have to pay the same prices as other companies, because they know they can't compete with them.

If they do, then they can charge 5,000% more than other companies.  This is called "monopolization".
It's called the [CMBR](_URL_0_). It's a collection of electromagnetic radiation from the beginning of the universe that we can't see because it's too far away to see. 

The CMBR is just a bunch of light from galaxies that have been cooled down to the point where they no longer emit any light at all.  It's called [the Cosmic Microwave Background Radiation]( _URL_1_).

It's not the same as visible light, but it's the same wavelength of light that we see.

We can see it because
It doesn't guarantee complete anonymity. 

It does, but it doesn't provide complete anonymity in the sense that it prevents anyone from being able to trace you back to your original IP address.

If you're using a proxy server, it's not really possible for someone to trace your IP address back to you.  It's possible for the proxy server to be traced back to the originator of the traffic, but that's not the point of the network.  The point of Tor is that it's a network of nodes, and each one of those nodes has its own unique IP address, and
It's called metamerism.

Light is made up of a bunch of different wavelengths of light. 

Your eyes are able to pick up on the differences between the wavelengths that you see and the ones that you don't.  Your brain has two types of cones, L and M cones, which are responsible for detecting red, green, and blue.  These cones are located in the back of your brain.  When you see red light, your L cones detect it as red, and your M cones detect green light as green.  If you see blue light, you see it as blue
The earbuds don't need to be connected to a phone to make sound.

They are Bluetooth headphones. 

A Bluetooth speaker is a device that connects to a transmitter and a receiver.  The transmitter is connected to the receiver, and the receiver to the speaker.  When the receiver connects to the transmitter, it sends a signal to the earbud.  This signal is then sent to your phone, which in turn is sent to the phone.  Your phone then receives the signal, and sends it to your headphones.
Reddit has a lot of traffic at 4am EST. 

It's because it's the first day of the work week, and Reddit is trying to get the site up and running for the new year.

The servers have been down for a few days now, and are trying to figure out what's going on.
The male nipple was originally designed to protect the infant's head from choking while it was being sucked from the mother's breast. 

The female nipple was designed to provide a cushion for the baby's head when it was trying to escape from the mouth of the mother.
It's called the Unfair Act.

Unfair act is a foul that can be called when a player or team commits a flagrant and obviously illegal act that has a major impact on the game. 

For example, if a player on the receiving end of a touchdown throws the ball high in the air, it's considered an unfair act because it causes the ball to be knocked out of the hands of the player in possession of the ball, which is illegal.
The Oscars are not riddled with politics/bias, they are riddled with bias. 

The Oscars have been accused of favoring certain genres of movies over other genres of films.

For example, the Oscars are known for favoring historical melodramas over critically acclaimed movies that depict current life issues. This has led to the use of the term "Oscar bait" to refer to movies that are marketed to a certain demographic.
They don't get all of their weapons from Syria, they get them from other countries. 

Russia, Iran, Turkey, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, etc.
Free jazz is a genre of music that is based on improvisation. 

The term "free jazz" comes from the phrase "free improvisation" which is used to refer to any technique (employed by any musician in any genre) and as a general term for any style of music.

Free jazz was first popularized by Ornette Coleman and John Coltrane.  They were both saxophonists who were known for their ability to improvise in a way that broke the conventions of the genre.  This allowed them to create music that was different from what was expected of them.
Because they contain more than the recommended daily value. 

Vitamins are regulated by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), so they have to be tested and approved by the FDA before they can be sold.
Ethernet over powerline works by sending a signal to your computer.  

When you connect your computer to the cable, it sends a signal back to your cable.  The cable then sends that signal to the computer, which then sends it back to you.

The computer then connects to your router, which connects to the powerline, and sends the signal back.  When you connect to the router, the signal is sent to your modem, which sends it to your PC.  Your computer then receives the signal, which is then sent back to the modem.  If you have a
Your eyes can't correct themselves. 

When you look at something, you're using your extraocular muscles to focus on the object in front of you.  Your brain tells your brain that you're looking at it from the other side of the room, but your eyes are telling your brain to look at the object from the front of your room.

Your brain is telling your body that you are looking at something from the side of your eye, so your brain tells you to focus your eyes on that side, and your body is telling you to look the other way.  But your brain doesn't
I'm not an expert on politics, but I'll try to do my best to explain it.

Australia is a parliamentary democracy. 

There are two major parties, the Liberal-National Coalition and the Labor Party.  The Liberals are the ruling party, and Labor is the opposition party.  They are the largest party in the House of Representatives, and have the most seats in the Senate.  In the Senate, there are three major parties: the Nationals, the Greens, and the One Nation.  Each party has a single member of Parliament, and each party has one member of the Senate
Aroma is a chemical reaction that happens when the yeast in the beer is fermenting. 

The yeast produces a lot of different chemicals that are used to flavor the beer.

Some of these chemicals are called aromatics.  They are different from the actual taste, but they are the same chemical.  When you taste beer, you are tasting the taste of the beer, but you are also tasting the smell.  The smell is the same as the taste.
The Earth's axis is tilted relative to its orbital plane, so at any given Northern Hemisphere latitude sunlight falls more directly on that spot than in December (see Effect of sun angle on climate). This effect causes seasons. 

Climate change is caused by a change in the orbit of the earth, which causes the earth to orbit around the sun at a slightly different angle. This causes the sun to be at different angles at different times of the year, causing the seasons to change.
We don't have a 1,00 mph wind on Earth.

We do have a lot of wind, but it's not strong enough to cause a hurricane.
ELI5 is a wiki for ELI5. 

It's not a wiki, it's a wiki that is a collection of ELIs.  It's like a wikipedia for ELIs, but ELIs aren't wikipedia.
The French Revolution was a revolution against the monarchy. 

The American Revolution was about the idea that the government should be based on the rule of law, not religion.  The French Revolution is about freedom of speech, freedom of religion, freedom from serfdom, and freedom of the press.
I'm not sure what you mean by "terrorism". 

There are a lot of things going on in Australia at the moment, but I'll try to break it down.

First of all, Australia is a very large country with a large Muslim population.  There is a large number of Muslims living in Australia, and they are very well integrated into the local community.  They are also very well educated and have a very strong sense of community and community cohesion.  The problem is that there is also a large amount of anti-Muslim sentiment in the community, and there are many people who are
I think it's because it's easier to cycle a round into a gun's chamber than it is to cycle it out of the chamber. 

If you're talking about a pump shotgun, you're referring to the pump action, which is a type of pump shotgun that has a spring in the chamber, and when you fire a shot, the spring is released, and the gun automatically ejects the shell.

The same thing happens with a semi-automatic rifle, but it's not as easy to cycle the chamber as it is for a pump action rifle.  The spring is not as strong as
The black line is just a way for the card reader to tell if the card is accepted or rejected.  

When you use a credit card at an ATM, the reader can read the magnetic stripe, which is a strip of metal or plastic that is inserted into the ATM's card slot.  When you swipe the card, it tells the machine that you have a credit or debit card.  If you swipe a debit card, the machine can tell if it is accepted, if not, it will refuse to accept the card.

If the card isn't accepted, then the machine will tell you
Yes, it does. 

Light has momentum.  If you look at the speed of light, it travels at the same speed as the distance between you and the object you're looking at.  But if you look closer, you'll notice that the light is moving at a different speed.  It's not going to be going at the exact same speed, it's going at different speeds.

If you take a piece of paper and put it on the ground, you can see that the paper is going at a faster speed than the ground is going.  This is because the paper has a
It's called "butterfly" sensation. 

When you're riding a roller coaster, your body is moving, but your brain is telling your brain that you're not moving.  Your brain tells your body that you are moving, and your brain interprets that as nausea.

If you're flying on a plane, your brain says you're moving because you're falling, but you're actually falling because you are falling.  When you're on a rollercoaster, it's the opposite.  You're falling in the opposite direction from the plane, so your brain thinks you're going
It's called the [Moon illusion](_URL_0_).

It's an optical illusion.

When the moon is near the horizon, the light from the sun is reflected off of it, which causes it to appear larger. When it's higher up in the sky, it's reflected off the ground, which makes it appear smaller.
A proxy is a way for your computer to connect to a server in another country. 

A VPN is a method of connecting to the server in your country.

The difference between a proxy and a VPN is that a proxy is used to route your internet connection from one location to another.
Mathematics is not an invention, it is a scientific discovery. 

Newton discovered that the universe is made up of infinitely many things, and he proved this by proving the existence of an infinite number of things.  This proved that there is no limit to the number of particles in the universe, and that there are infinite numbers of things that can't be measured.

This was a discovery, but it was not a discovery by mathematicians and scientists.  It was an invention by Newton.
Joint popping is caused by cavitation. When you crack your knuckles, the fluid in the synovial fluid that surrounds the joint expands, creating a vacuum. This causes the fluid to collapse upon itself, resulting in a popping sound.
The big short is a satire of the financial crisis of 2008. 

The movie is set in the early 2000s, when the stock market was at its highest point ever.  It is set during a time when the economy was doing well, and the government was trying to stimulate the economy.  This was a time of high unemployment, high inflation, and low interest rates.

In the movie, the government is trying to get the economy back on track, but it is not doing so well.  The stock market is at its lowest point ever, and there is a lot of speculation that the
It costs money to do a reverse lookup on a phone number, or a person, when a lot of information is readily available for free
I'm not sure what you mean by "next gen" graphics, but I'll try to explain it this way.

Graphics are a lot more complex than they were in the past, and require a lot of work to render. 

First of all, you have to understand that graphics are not a single thing, they are a collection of many different things.  The first thing you need to understand is that you need a computer that is capable of rendering 3D objects.  This means that it has to be able to render them in real-time, which means that the computer needs to be
The Coast Guard takes possession of the seized items. 

It's not uncommon for the Coast Guard to confiscate items that were seized during a drug bust.  They may have to take them to the local police station, or they may be turned over to the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI).
I think it's because they're trying to keep up with all the new stuff that's being added to their news feed.  

It's not that they don't want you to see the most recent news, it's that they want to make sure you see the ones you care about the most.
They don't get anything in return for it. 

Torrenting is a way for people to make money.  It's a way to get people to pay for access to their content.  They don't make money from the content, they make money by selling it to other people.
Inverse condemnation is when the government takes a piece of land from the owner of the property, and then gives it to the tenant. 

The property is worth less than the value of the land, so the government has to pay the tenant 25% of the value.

If the land is worth more than the rent, then the government can take that 25% and pay the rest of the rent.
If the President were assassinated before being sworn in, the Vice President would be sworn in as the acting President. 

The Vice President is appointed by the House of Representatives, and the President is sworn in by the Senate.

In the event of the President being assassinated, the Senate would hold a special session to elect a new President.
Ducks like bread because it's soft and easy to eat.

Bread has a lot of protein and fat in it, which is why they like it.
It has nothing to do with religion/God.

Climate change is caused by human-caused climate change. 

The theory of evolution is based on the idea that evolution is the result of natural selection, and that humans are a product of evolution. 


But climate change is a result of man-made climate change, not natural selection.
Hair is made up of keratin protein, which is a protein that has different pigments in it. 

Different pigments are responsible for different types of hair, and different hair types have different textures.

Hair texture is determined by the shape and size of the hair follicle, and the shape of the cuticle in the hair shaft, which determines how much hair is in the follicle and how thick the hair is.
It's not discrimination, it's privilege.

White people have a lot of advantages over other races. 

For example, if you are a white person, you have the right to drive a white car, you can drive a black car, and you can go to a black person's house, and they can't go to your house. 


But if you're a minority, you don't have that right.  You can't drive a car, because you can't afford it, and if you want to drive it, you need to have a job, and that means you need
Your tongue is made of keratin, which is the same as the rest of your body. When you bite your tongue, you are biting it in the same spot, but your tongue doesn't have the same surface area as your mouth. 

When you eat, your tongue has a lot of surface area to work with, so if you bite it too many times, it will eventually damage the keratin.
Your eyes have two types of cones, L and M cones. L cones are sensitive to red and green light, while M cones can only detect blue light. 

When you see red light, your L cones detect it as red, and your M cones perceive it as green.

If you mix red paint with yellow paint, you're mixing the two kinds of cones together, and you get a combination of red and yellow, which is what you see as red.
It's not that we like the taste of chocolate, it's that we can't taste it. Our taste buds are located on the back and front of our tongue, not in the back of our throat.
They don't. 

Bugs don't need to be able to fly, they just need to have the right amount of energy to survive the fall.

If you drop a mouse down a thousand feet, it will land on the ground, but if you drop it down a hundred feet and it lands on its back, it won't survive.
They don't come up with the names themselves. 

It's a combination of a few things:

1. They have a list of all the drugs they are working on.  This list is called a "reference list".  It's a collection of all of the drugs that have been tested and approved by the FDA.

2. They know what they are trying to do with the drug.  They know that the FDA is going to approve the drug, and they want to make sure that the drug is safe and effective.  If they don't have a reference list, they can
I think it has to do with the fact that they have a lot of time to spend with their kids. 

My mom was 45 for several years at one point.
Nervousness is the result of your body sending signals to other parts of your brain telling them that something is wrong. 

When you are scared, your brain sends signals to your hypothalamus, which is the brain that controls your heart rate, breathing rate, blood pressure and dilation.

Your hypothalamus is also responsible for the release of hormones that make you feel like you need to run, fight, etc.
The 4:3 aspect ratio is the geometric mean between 2.35:1 and 2.85:1, which is the average of the various aspect ratios used in film. 

Movies were shot on 35mm film in the early days of the medium, and the film was shot at a very wide aspect ratio, so that the film could be viewed at a wider angle than the TV.

The reason for this is because it was cheaper to use a wider aspect ratio than a smaller one, and it was easier for the film to be projected onto a larger screen.
The French constitution states that the president is the head of the executive branch of government, and the prime minister is responsible for the legislative branch. 

The reason for this is twofold:

1. The president is elected by popular vote, and has to be chosen by the popular vote.

2. The prime minister has to have the support of the National Assembly, which is the legislature, and must be approved by a majority of the members of the national assembly.
If heat rises, then the object is heavier. 

However, if heat rises faster than the object's mass, then it is lighter.

If the object stays the same temperature, it will be lighter than if it increases in mass.
The 24 hour clock is the standard system used in most of the world. 

In the United States, we use a 12 hour clock.  We use the 12 hour system in colloquial speech and in formal contexts.

We use the 24 hour system because it's easier to keep track of.
Your eyes are made up of a bunch of different types of cells. Some of them are photosensitive, and some are not. 

When light hits your eyes, it causes some of the photosensitive cells to die, and others to become photosensitive.

This is called [photoreceptor bleaching](_URL_0_) and is caused by a chemical reaction between the photoreceptors in your eye and the pigment in your iris.  This causes the iris to change color.
The network administrator sees your connection to the server. 

The server knows your IP address, and it knows where you are.

If you are using a VPN, the server knows where your computer is, and if you are connecting to a server that is not your server, it knows that you are connected to that server.
They're not getting anything from it. 

They're getting paid by Facebook.  They're getting a cut of the ad revenue.
When you die, the atoms in your body start to decay. 

When we die, all of the atoms that make up our body are broken down into smaller and smaller pieces.

The atoms that are left over are called nuclei, and they are the ones that are responsible for making the proteins that make your body work.  They are called ATP, which is the protein that makes your body function.  When you die the ATP is broken down and the molecules that make it up are broken up into smaller molecules.  These smaller molecules are called adenosine triphosphate (ATP
They don't do anything for society. They are the head of state, and they are paid by the government to do what they do. 

The Queen is the Queen of the United Kingdom, and as such she has the authority to do whatever she wants.
It's called knismesis.

When you're tickled, your brain sends a signal to your hypothalamus, which is the part of your brain that controls your body's nervous system, telling your body that you're being tickled. 

If you're not ticklish, it's because your brain thinks you are being attacked by something that isn't supposed to be touching you.
1-5-6-4 is a chord progression that is popular because it is easy to learn, easy to play, and easy to sing. It is also easy to write, and because it has a lot of harmonies in it.
Judges make laws. 

Legislators write laws, but they don't have the power to enforce them.  Judges do.

The Supreme Court is the one person who can do that.
It's not that computers learn mathematics, it's that computers are programmed to learn mathematics. 

Imagine you have a computer that has a set of instructions that tell it how to do multiplication and division.  The instructions tell it to multiply and divide, and then it tells it to divide and divide again.

If you want to know how to multiply, divide, or divide, you need to know what the instructions tell you.  If you don't know how, you can't do it.
It's called the [fight or flight response](_URL_0_) and it's a reflex. 

When you hear a sound, your brain interprets it as a warning, which is why you jump and run away from it.

If you hear the sound of a knife scraping against a plate, it's because it's similar to the warning call of a primate, back in prehistoric times.
It's not illegal. 

It's called a "tying arrangement".  It's a way for the university to get you to pay for courses that are unrelated to the major you are pursuing.

If you don't pay for them, they can't force you to take them.
It's called [Saccadic suppression of image displacement](_URL_0_) and it happens when your brain blocks out the information your eyes are trying to process. 

When your eyes get stuck on an object, it's because your brain is trying to make sense of the information it's seeing. It's like when you're trying to read a book, but your brain doesn't know how to read it.
Heat pumps have existed for a long time, but they are only becoming more common now because of advances in technology. 

Heat pumps are more efficient than air-source heat pumps.  They are also quieter and can also be used in other functions like air conditioning.
I don't know about you, but I've taken a lot of online tests. 

I'm not sure what you mean by "googling the answer".

If you googled the answer, you'd find it, and then you'd have to google it.

There's no reason for you to do that.
It's a security measure to prevent people from trying to break into the car without a key. 

It's also a way to keep the car from being stolen.  If you were to try and break into a car with a key, the car would be able to tell you where you are, and if you were able to break in, it would be harder for you to get back out of the car.
It's not a fluffy material, it's just a material that can't be easily removed. 

The reason they don't do it is because it's not practical.

Bumpers are made out of metal.  They're not made of fluff, they're made of metal and they're not fluff.
Colorado is located at the top of the Rocky Mountains, which means that it has a lot of natural resources. 

It's also located on the eastern edge of the Front Range of the US, which is a very dry and arid region.  This means that there is a lot more water available to irrigate crops and crops are grown there.  It's also a very fertile area for crops, so it's not too difficult to grow crops there.

Colorado is also one of the most densely populated states in the US.  There are lots of farms and cattle ranches in the area,
The sun is not orbiting something else.  It is orbiting the center of the solar system.  Jupiter is the center.  The rest of the planets are orbiting other stars.
Your body produces ATP, which is a form of chemical energy. When you eat a lot of food, your body breaks down the food into ATP and CP, which your body uses to build muscle. 

When you're on a caloric deficit, you can't use as much ATP as you would if you were on a calorie deficit, so you have to use more CP and ATP to build up your muscles.
When you sleep, your body is trying to regulate your body temperature. When you wake up, it's trying to do the same thing. 

When you breathe, you're trying to keep your body's temperature at a constant temperature. Your body is also trying to maintain a certain amount of oxygen in your blood, which is why you feel cold.

If you're not getting enough oxygen while you're sleeping, you'll start to feel cold, and your body will start to lose the ability to regulate its temperature. This is called hypothermia, and it's caused by your body not being able
Parallel was faster than serial, because a serial bus inherently has no timing skew or crosstalk. 

Parallel is faster because you have to deal with timing skew, electromagnetic interference, etc.
It's not going to affect ordinary internet browsing. 

It's going to make it more difficult for people to find porn on the internet.  It will make it harder for people who are under 18 to access porn.
Tobacco smoke contains many of the same carcinogens as cannabis. 

Marijuana smoke contains THC, which is an addictive alkaloid that is a stimulant, but it is not as addictive as tobacco smoke.

The reason it is so much more dangerous is because it contains a lot of chemicals that cause inflammation in the lungs, which can lead to chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).

Cannabis smoke contains very little of these chemicals, so it does not have the same effect on the lungs as tobacco does.
I think it has to do with the amount of weight you're lifting. 

If you lift 100 pounds, you need to lift 60 pounds (27 kg) for each rep.  If you lift 200 pounds, that means you have to lift 50 pounds (25 kg) per rep for each set.  That's a lot of weight to lift in a set of 4-6 reps.
Yes, they are. 

The US is in debt, but it's not a case where if everybody owes then no one does.

If you want to know the answer to your question, you need to look at the question "Are any countries not in debt?"

There are a lot of countries that are in debt.  The US is one of them.  There are other countries that owe money to other countries as well, but they're not as big as the US.  In fact, the US is the only country in the world that owes money to everyone.
I'm not sure what you mean by "anti-tamper", but I'll try to explain. 

When you write a program, you write it in such a way that it can't be modified by anyone else.

For example, if you have a program that has a file system, and you want to make it run in a certain way, you have to write the file system code in a particular way.  If you write the program in a different way, it won't be able to be modified, because it's not written in the way you want it to run.
It's not so much that we produce it, it's that we don't properly dispose of it. 

We don't put it in landfills, we just dump it in the ocean.
I think it has to do with timing.  

DJs have to be able to keep track of the time.  They have to know exactly when the song is going to come on and when it's going to go off the air.  If they don't know, they can't do it.
D3, D2, 2, 1.

Drive is the number of wheels on your car, D3 is the total number of tires on the car, and D2 is the amount of space between the tires. 

D3 is for drive, 2 is for 2, and 1 is for 1

1 is for D3

2 is for 3

4 is for 4

5 is for 5

6 is for 6

7 is for 7

8 is for 8

9 is for 9

10 is for 10

11 is
I think it has to do with the way the house is built and how it is decorated. 

If you live in an older house, it's more likely that the walls and floors are made of wood, so the smell of wood will be stronger than if you lived in a newer house.

Also, if you're in a house that's been in use for a long time, there's probably a lot of dust in the house, so it will have a different smell.
The President is the Commander-in-Chief of the United States, and as such he has the authority to do whatever he wants. 

If he committed a murder in his bedroom and the Secret Service came and saw it, they would be obligated to arrest him.
Electromagnetic EMPs are electromagnetic waves.

Electromagnetism is caused by electromagnetic waves traveling through the air. 

A solar flare is an electromagnetic pulse (EMP).

An EMP is electromagnetic radiation that travels through the atmosphere.  It can cause a lot of damage to the surrounding environment, but it can't damage electronics.  The only thing that can damage electronics is if they are in direct contact with the EMP.  If they are not, they can't be damaged.
Chrome and Firefox have built-in "incognito" mode, which is a way to hide your browsing history. It's not as effective as you might think. 

Chrome will still be able to track your searches, but it will not be as easy as it would be in incognito mode.

Firefox, on the other hand, does not have this feature, so it is not effective.
A linear regression is when you take a set of data points and divide them into groups of 1s and 0s.  

For example, if you have a group of 10 people, and they all have the same amount of money in their bank account, and you divide them by 10, you can see that if you look at each of the groups, you will see that the money in each group is increasing over time.

If you take the same group of people and divide it into 10s and 1s, you'll see that they are all growing at the same rate, and that the
It's not that we don't need food and water, it's just that we can't get it from the ground. 

We can get water from the atmosphere, but it's not nearly as much as we can get from ground level.

The ISS has a huge amount of water, and it's stored in special tanks that can hold a lot of water.
When you drink a lot of water, the water in your eyes evaporates. When you drink fizzy drinks, the liquid in your body is not evaporating as fast as it evaporates, so your eyes have to get used to it.
It's called the [Red Reflex](_URL_0_) and it's caused by a chemical reaction between your eyes and the aqueous humor in your eyes. When you smoke weed, you're inhaling a lot of smoke, and the smoke gets into your eyes, causing them to dry out, which causes them to get red.
Forex trading is when you buy and sell currency on the spot market. 

For example, let's say you want to buy a house in the US for $1,000,000.

You buy the house for $100,000 and sell it for $500,000 in Euros.  You can do this by buying the house in Euros and selling it in dollars.  If the price of the house goes up, you can buy it in Euros, but if the price goes down, then you can sell it in Dollars.  This is called a "spread".

If the
There are two main types of Android ROMs. 

1. ROMs that are written by the developers.

The first type of ROM is called a "bootloader".  It's basically a set of instructions that the developers write for the OS to use.  This is the code that tells the OS what it needs to do.  For example, if you want to make a video player, you need to write the code for it.  You can write it in C++, or you can write in C/C++ C++.  It can be written in C or C++
Capsaicin is a chemical in the capsaicin family of compounds. Capsaicin activates the same receptors in your tongue that detect heat, but it activates them in other parts of your body as well.
The maturity of the sperm has nothing to do with fertilizing an egg.

It's a measure of the amount of sperm that are capable of fertilizing the egg, not the number of sperm.
Your kidneys have a system called the glomerular filtration rate (GFR).  It's basically the amount of water your bladder can hold.  When you drink a lot of water, your kidneys are able to filter it out of your urine.  The urine is then reabsorbed by your kidneys.  

If you drink too much water, you will have a problem with urination.  Your kidneys will not be able to get rid of all the water in your urine, so it will stay in your bladder until it's time to let it go.  If you drink enough water
I think it's because the air above the ground is warmer than the air below it. 

When it's cold, the air is colder than the ground, so it's easier for water to freeze.  When it's warm, it's harder for the air to freeze, so rain is more likely to fall as rain.

It's also easier for rain to fall in winter because it's colder than it is in summer.
Mao Zedong was the biggest mass murderer in history.

He was the leader of the Communist Party of China during the Cultural Revolution (1957-1976).

The Cultural Revolution was a revolution led by Mao Zedong.  It was basically a mass killing campaign to purge the Chinese people of the "bourgeois" elements of the party.  

During this time, the party was in power, and the government was in control of the economy.  This meant that they could do whatever they wanted with the population.  They were able to impose their will on the population, and
OpenVPN is an open source VPN.  It is a protocol that allows you to connect to a VPN server over the Internet.  

It is not a "web-based" VPN, it is a "server-to-server" VPN.

Basically, you connect to the VPN server with a VPN client, and the server connects to the client.  The VPN client connects to a server, and connects to your computer.  This is done by encrypting the connection between the client and server, encrypting it, and then decrypting it.  If the server doesn't encrypt the
Most snowflakes are symmetrical, but not all.

The reason they are symmetric is due to the fact that the water molecules in a snowflake are arranged in such a way that they do not touch each other. 

If you look at a picture of a hexagonal prism, you will see that each of the six faces is symmetrical.  But if you take a photo of a 6-fold symmetric snowflake, you'll see that it is not symmetrical at all.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it has something to do with the fact that you're not really interested in the content of the book you're reading. You're more interested in getting the information you need to do your job. 

If you're a journalist, you read the news because you want to know what's going on in the world.  If you're an artist, you're looking for a way to get your work out of the way so you don't have to deal with it.
America's need to have a worldwide 'presense'. 

It's not that we need to be a superpower, it's that we want to be seen as a leader in the world.
Yes, they can be held liable for damages. 

They can be sued under the Vaccine Injury Compensation Act (VICP) which covers all vaccine injuries.  The VICP covers all vaccines listed on the vaccine injury table maintained by the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and 2,865 non-vaccine claims have been made to the VCP since 1988.  They have not been successful in any of these cases.

The VCP is a special court within the United States Court of Federal Claims, which oversees vaccine injury claims.  There is no precedent for them to be
When you pour water into a glass, you're pushing it down the glass, not pouring it into the glass. 

The glass has a surface tension that causes the water droplets to stick to the surface, which causes the liquid to roll down.
Zoos and aquariums have a lot of benefits. 

1. They provide a place for the animals to be exposed to other animals and learn about the world around them.

2. They give the animals a chance to interact with other animals, which is a good thing for them.
The Westboro Baptist Church is not a hate group. 

They are a religious organization, which means they have the same rights as any other religious organization in the United States.  They are allowed to protest any public event, and they have to get the proper permits to do so.
Javascript precision is reduced for numbers greater than 15 characters.

The reason for this is that the Unicode character database contains a lot of information about how many characters there are in the entire world. 

For example, let's say you want to write "I" in a text file, and you want it to look like this:

_URL_0_

1.5 bytes

2.5 characters

3. 5 bytes
4. 5 characters
5. 10 bytes
6. 10 characters
7. 15 characters
8. 5 byte
9. 10
I think it has to do with the fact that once you start eating them, your brain starts thinking about how much calories they contain. 

When you eat a handful of chips, you're already eating a lot of calories, so it's not like you're going to stop eating them once you've started eating them.
It's a very good movie. 

The main plot line is that two men are trying to cover up the murder of a night watchman.  They go to the police station to report the crime, and the nightwatchman tells them that he saw two men enter his house at night, and that they are the ones who killed him.  
 
The police then decide that they need to find out who the two men were, and they decide to put them on trial for the crime.  The movie is set in the 70s, so it's set in a time when the police
It's not that the music is looped, it's that the game is playing the music at the same time as it's playing the game. 

When you're playing a game, the music plays at a certain speed, and the game uses that speed to keep the music playing.

The music is played at a constant rate, but the game knows when it's time to stop playing, so it plays the music.
Your brain has a bunch of nerve cells in your ears that send out signals to your brain. When you're asleep, your brain interprets these signals and interprets them as sound. 

When you're awake, the brain is still processing the signals from your ears, but your brain is also processing them as light. So when you hear a loud noise, it's because your brain's brain is processing the light and interpreting it as sound, and your ears are processing it as a sound.
I think it has to do with the fact that when you hold a baby, you're trying to comfort it, and you're not used to it. 

I'm not sure if it's the same reason you're afraid of heights, but I think it's because you're used to holding babies in your arms and you don't want to hurt them.
Your bottom molars are closer to the front of your jawbone than your top molars.  This is because your bottom teeth are the ones that are closest to your gums.  When you eat, your mouth has to open up to let the food go into your mouth.  Your bottom teeth have to push against each other to make sure they don't fall out.
Svchost is a command line utility that is used to manage the file system in your computer.

It can be found in /etc/task manager. 

_URL_0_
It's called the "old lady" smell. 

Perfume is made with a chemical that is produced in the wood of alder, which is a very old tree.  The wood is very old, and has been used for thousands of years to make perfumes.  It gives off a very strong smell.

When you put perfume on your face, you're putting it on your skin.  When you take it off, you are removing it from your skin, and the smell of the wood is still there.  This is why it smells like old lady.
Pearls are not natural. They are created by the bacteria in the oyster's shell. 

The reason they are so rare is because they are a defense mechanism to protect the mollusk from a potentially threatening irritant such as a parasite.
The Australian dollar is worth less than the US dollar. 

The US dollar is used as the reference currency because it's the most stable currency in the world.

Australia has a current account deficit, which means that the value of their exports is lower than their imports, so they have to pay more for their goods and services.
The pros are that tar sand is very hard, meaning that it can't be broken down by the microbes that normally digest crude oil. 

The cons are that it is very salty, which means that the microbes can't digest it, and that means that it has a higher concentration of free radicals, which are bad for your skin.

It is also very difficult to extract from shale oil because it is so hard, and because it takes a long time for the microbes to break down the oil, so it takes longer for it to reach the refining plants.
The European Union was formed in the 1950s as a result of the collapse of the European Economic Community (EEC). 

The EEC was a group of countries that wanted to create a single market for goods, services, and people.  They had a common currency, a single currency, and a common government.  
 
The idea was that the EU would be able to take advantage of the free movement of goods and services between its member states.  It would also be a place where you could trade with other countries without having to worry about tariffs.  The idea is that this would
Iran has been trying to get a nuclear weapon for a long time. They have been doing it under the guise of civilian nuclear power, but they are actually trying to build a nuclear bomb. 

Israel is not happy with this because they believe that Iran is trying to develop nuclear weapons, and they want to prevent Iran from getting one.

Iran is also not happy because they are a nuclear power and want to get rid of it.
Time is a spatial dimension. 

If you look at a clock, you can see that it is moving in a straight line, but you can't see time.

Time is also a temporal dimension, which means that you can experience time in multiple ways. 


For example, if you are standing in front of a mirror and you see that the sun is rising, you know that time has passed, but if you stand next to the mirror and look at the sun setting, you will see that time is still moving, but the sun will rise and set in a different direction.
Lightsaber is a laser gun. It's a laser that emits a series of pulses of light at different frequencies. 

When you point it at a target, the light comes from the laser, and when it hits the target, it causes the laser to emit a different amount of light.

This is why it's called a "light saber". It's not a real gun, it's just a gun with a laser in it.
The set of rational numbers is countably infinite. 

Let's say you have a set A and B, and you want to know how many rationals there are in each of them.

If you divide A into two sets, you'll find that A has no rationals less than 1, and B has no larger than 1.


Now, let's say that you have A, B, C, and D. 


A and B are all rationals, and C has no smaller than 1

Now, if you divide B into 2 sets, A and C,
I'm not sure what you mean by paranoid, but I think it has to do with the fact that the government is always watching you. 

There are many reasons for this, but the main one is that it is a way for the government to keep tabs on you and your activities.  If you don't want to be watched, you can hide from the government.  For example, if you are a member of a terrorist organization, you might not want the authorities to know that you are in contact with them.

The other reason is that people are paranoid about government surveillance because they feel that
When lightning strikes a transformer, it creates a voltage spike in the ground, which causes it to short circuit. This is the "surge" that causes the transformer to overload and explode.
The earth does not rotate in an eastward direction, it rotates in a north-south direction.

If you want to go straight up and then straight back down again in a place west of your origin, taking advantage of the earths rotation, you would have to go in the opposite direction of the axis of rotation. 

The earth's gravity pulls you in the same direction as the earth's rotation, so you would be going in the wrong direction.
It is legal in 4 states, but it is still illegal under federal law.
I'm not sure what you mean by "unemployed" or "unkempt".

A lot of people are unproductive because they are addicted to amphetamines.

It's not that they aren't productive, it's that they're addicted to the drug itself.
I think it has to do with the fact that the face has a rougher surface than the other areas of the body. 

Dogs lick the face because it's easier for them to see, and it's also easier to groom.
We don't say "Planet Earth" because we don't know what it means. We say "Earth" because that's what we call it. 

Mars, Jupiter, Venus, and Uranus are all called "planets" because they are planets.

We say "Mars" because it's a noun, not a verb.
I think it has to do with hygiene. 

When you eat with your hands, you are cleaning the food with your mouth, so that it doesn't get contaminated by your saliva.

If you use your hands to eat with a spoon and fork, you're cleaning your mouth with your saliva, so you don't get it on your hands.
It depends on how high you are. 

When you are at a certain altitude, the air in the air around you is denser than the air above you.  This means that the sound waves can't travel as far as you can hear them.

At lower altitudes, you can still hear the high pitched, high frequency sound waves, but they are not as close to the ground as they are at higher altitudes. 


As you get higher, the higher you go, the lower the density of the air you are in, and the less sound waves you are able to hear
If you opt out of third party cookies, you're telling your browser to do two things:

1. You're telling it not to store any information about you.

2. It's telling it to delete any data that's stored in the cookie.
Animals don't get nosebleeds because they don't have the same amount of mucus in their noses that humans do. 

Humans have a lot of mucous membranes in our noses, but they're not as thick as in other animals.
I'm not sure what you mean by "India's Daughter" but I'll try to explain.

Radha is a young woman who was raped when she was a child.  She was raped by a man who was a friend of her father's.  He was the owner of a brothel, and she was working as a prostitute.  When she told her father about it, he told her to go to the police and report it.  The police found out about it and arrested him, and he was sentenced to life in prison for raping her.  After that, he was released on parole
They don't. 

Your house is sealed.  It's not sealed, it's just that it's not designed for them to be able to get in.  If you open a window, they'll find a way in.
When it's dark, the light is bouncing around the room, bouncing off of the walls and other objects. This bounces off of your eyes and causes them to see grainy images. 

When the room is bright, it reflects a lot of light, and the light bounces off the walls, which causes the image to look grainy.
Adblock works like this:

Adblock is a program that blocks ads from being displayed on your computer.

It's not a free program, it's a paid program. 

Flux, for example, is a free version of adblock.  Flux is a paid version of Adblock, but it's not free.  It's a premium version, which costs $99.99.
Kosher meat and certain foods are prepared in a way that is not kosher. 

Kosher food is prepared in the same way that non-kosher foods are.  There are a lot of different ways to prepare it, but the main thing is that it has to be cooked in a manner that is kosher.

If you want to make something kosher, you need to make sure that it is prepared properly.  If you don't know how to do that, you can't make it.  You need to know that it's kosher, and if you're not sure how to make it
Hypnosis is a form of mind control. When you're under hypnosis, you're not consciously aware of what you're doing, but you're subconsciously doing it. 

When you're being hypnotized, your conscious brain is telling your subconscious mind to do something, and your subconscious brain tells your conscious mind not to do it.

If you're able to be hypnotized easily, you have a more powerful brain than if you're easily hypnotized.  You're more likely to be able to think clearly, remember what you want to do, and act in a way that makes you feel
It doesn't prevent further brain damage. 

The brain is made up of a bunch of different layers.  The brainstem is the outer layer of the brain.  It's the part that controls all of the sensory input.  When the brain is damaged, it stops working properly.  This is why we call it a vegetative state.

When you're in a coma, you're not conscious.  You're not aware of what's going on around you.  Your brain doesn't know what's happening around you, and it doesn't have the ability to process information.
An availability cascade is when there is a gap in the amount of time it takes for a product to be delivered to a customer. 

Supply and demand are two different things.

When you have a lot of demand for something, you need to make sure that you have enough of it to meet the demand.  If you don't have enough, you can't sell it.  This is called a "demand cascade".

If you have too much demand, you will have to wait for the product to get to the customer, and if you wait too long, they will not be able
We don't have perfect eyesight, but we do have a very good sense of depth perception. 

Our eyes are not perfect, but they are very good at detecting light.

We can see a lot of things in the dark, but not all of them.
Entrapment is when law enforcement officials cause an offense to be committed which would not have occurred had it not been for their involvement.

Bait cars and hookers are not considered entrapment.
If time travel becomes possible, then it's already happened.

The laws of physics don't allow for time travel to happen. 

If you want to travel back in time, you have to go through space and time.  You can't travel through space, but you can travel through time.
Ukraine is a country with a lot of ethnic Russians living in it.  They are the majority of the population, but they are also the most likely to vote for the pro-Ukrainian side in the upcoming presidential election.

Russia has been trying to expand its influence in Ukraine since the fall of the USSR.  Ukraine is a former Soviet republic that was part of the Soviet Union and is now part of Russia.  It has been annexed by Russia in the past few years.  The reason for this is that Ukraine is part of Ukraine, and Russia is a member of the EU.
A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled experiment is where you randomly assign people to two groups, and then compare them with respect to a measured outcome. 

In this case, the control group is treated with a placebo, and the experimental group is given a placebo.

The goal of the experiment is to find out if the treatment is better than the control. 


For example, imagine you have a bunch of people in a room, and you give them each a piece of paper with a number on it.  Each person in the group gets to pick which number they want to see
Interest is a measure of how much money you have in your bank account.  

If you have $10,000 in cash, and you want to borrow $100,000 from a bank, you have to pay them $1,000.  If you take out a mortgage, you pay the bank $5,000 for the first 10 years, and the rest is amortized over the rest of the life of the loan.  The interest rate is determined by the interest rate that the bank is charging on the money they have in their account.

In other words, if you have
Lamps don't get brighter before they die, they get brighter when they are burned out. 

Lamps are made of mercury vapor lamps.  When the mercury vapor lamp is burned out, it causes the phosphors inside the lamp to expand and contract, which causes the light to get brighter.  This is called the [color rendering index](_URL_0_).  The color rendering index (CRI) is a measure of the amount of light that is emitted by a light source.

When the lamp is turned on and off, the filament of the lamp heats up and cools
When you have a fever, your body's core temperature rises to a higher temperature through the action of the part of the brain that controls the body temperature. This is called the hypothalamus.
Your ear is made up of a bunch of tiny hairs called Corti. These hair cells are the ones that transmit sound to your brain. 

When you hear a loud noise, your brain sends a signal to your ear telling it "hey, you're hearing that sound". Your brain interprets that signal as a "hey" and interprets it as "I'm hearing that."

Your brain then interprets the signal as "Hey, I hear that sound" and sends it back to your ears.

The problem is that your brain doesn't have enough Corti cells to process all the
I think it has to do with the size of the vocal cords.  Male vocal cords are much longer than female vocal cords, so they have a lot more room for vocal cords to grow.  

_URL_0_
No. 

Psychological experiments need to be performed again in the modern day because we have a better understanding of how the brain works, and we have better methods for measuring it.

The problem is that we don't know enough about psychology to be able to accurately measure the effects of a lot of the things that were done in the past, so we can't really say with 100% certainty that the results are still valid. 

 >  Do old psychology experiments still have any validity?

Yes, they do.  They're just not as well understood as they used to be.
The speed of USB 2.0 is due to the fact that it uses the same number of pins as USB 1.1.

USB 1.0 uses 4 pins for data transfer, and 2 pins for charging.



USB 2.1 uses 2 pins, and 3 pins for switching between data transfer modes. 

The reason for this is that the two pins are connected at different voltages, so that if one of them is at a higher voltage than the other, the other is at the lower voltage.  This means that if you have two pins at the same voltage, you can
If the U.S. lost World War II, it would have been the end of the world as we know it. 

We would have had to rebuild our economy, rebuild our military, and rebuild our infrastructure.

The world would be a different place.
The price of meat is determined by the quality of the animal that is being slaughtered and the amount of time it takes for it to be processed. 

Beef, for example, is a product of a lot of different types of animals, and the quality varies greatly from animal to animal.

Lamb is a good example of a product that has a higher quality than pork, because it has a lower amount of fat and is less lean.  The fat and leanness of the lamb is what determines the price of the meat, and it's also what determines how much it takes to cook it.
It's not that simple.

Newton and Galileo were able to use simple telescopes to observe the planets, moons, planets, and stars. 

They used the telescope to determine how far away they were from the sun, how fast they were moving, and how fast the planets were moving.  They used this information to build models of how the planets and stars were moving and how they were changing shape. 


They also used these models to calculate the speed and direction of the planets.
I'm not sure what you're asking about, but I'll try my best to explain it. 

The company is called Churchkey. They are a company that makes a device that can be used to open bottles of beer.  It's basically like a bottle opener, but instead of opening a bottle of beer, it opens a can of beer with a key.  The key is made of plastic, and it can be opened with a screwdriver.  When you open the can, you can see the contents of the can.  If you want to know more about it, check out their website
It's a cultural thing. It's not a medical thing, it's a religious thing. 

In the past, it was done to punish boys for masturbating, and it was considered a way to punish them for doing so.

Nowadays, there are a lot of people who don't believe that it is a good thing for boys to be circumcised, because it's seen as a form of punishment.
Hotel beds and pillows are made of soft, soft materials. They are made to fit your body well, and the sheets are soft enough to keep you warm, but not so soft that you can't move.
Hangnails are caused by the nail growing out of place. 

When you get a nail cut, the nail will grow back into its original shape, but the nail fold is not strong enough to hold the nail in place.

The nail will eventually fall out, and the nail that is left will eventually grow back in the same shape as the original nail. 


There are a few ways to prevent this from happening, but they are not easy to do.
Yes, they can. 

If you have two perfectly round spheres that are perfectly round, they will touch each other.

The problem is that they are not perfectly round.  They are made out of different materials, so they will not be perfectly round at the same time.  If you take a perfectly round sphere and put it on a flat surface, it will not touch the flat surface.
The president has the complete power to pardon. 

He can pardon anyone for any crime.  He can't pardon someone for a crime they didn't commit.
When you see someone puke, your body sends signals to your brain that you need to vomit, and your brain interprets that as a signal to your stomach to do the same thing. 

This is called the Pavlovian response.

It's a natural response.  When you see another person vomit, your brain tells your stomach that it's time to vomit.  This is why you feel the urge to puke when you see other people puke.
It depends on how it's burned. 

If you burn wood in a fireplace, you're burning it at a higher temperature than if you burn it in a campfire.

Burning wood at a lower temperature means that you're producing more heat, which means you're releasing more CO2.
Political parties are a way for people to come together and form a political party. 

They are also a way to get people to vote for a candidate who they think will be the best fit for the job.

In the US, we have two major parties: the Democrats and the Republicans.  The Democrats are the ones that get the majority of the votes, the Republicans the ones who get the minority.  This means that there is a lot of room for third parties to run, but they don't have as much of a chance of winning as the two main parties.  In the UK,
It depends on the jurisdiction. 

The federal income tax rates are set by the federal government and the provinces.

There are two main types of income taxes: personal income tax and corporate income tax.  The federal tax is based on the Haig–Simons equation, which says that the more money you earn, the more you pay in taxes.  This means that if you earn $100,000 a year, you pay taxes on $50,000 of that income.  If you earn a million dollars a year and you don't pay any taxes on it, you're not taxed.
Zircon is made of two things. 

1. It's made of quartz, which is a naturally occurring mineral.

2. Ancient zircon was made out of a lot of other things, such as tungsten, thorium dioxide, and cerium(IV) oxide.  These things are not naturally occurring minerals.  They're made by mining them from other materials.  The reason they're not natural is because they're made of different materials, and because they have different chemical makeup.
Windows is the operating system that runs on your computer. 

Mac OSX is the OS that runs in the background.

Linux is the kernel.  It's the kernel that runs the OS.  The OSX kernel is the core of the OSX operating system, and it's the one that runs all of the programs.  Windows is just a wrapper around the kernel, so that it can be used by all the programs that run on it.  If you want to make an OSX-like program, you need to make it run on top of the Linux kernel, and Windows is
The extra gears are there to help the computer know which gear is the right one for the engine to be in.  

When you are driving a manual transmission, you are using the clutch to move the engine up and down.  When you use an automatic transmission, the computer knows which gear to use.  If the computer determines that the engine is in the right gear, it will use that gear to get the car to the speed it should be.

If you use the extra gears, it allows the computer to calculate how fast the car should be going, and if it's not going fast
It's because it's a Gaelic name. 

It's pronounced like "Shawn" when there's no letter H in it.
The money goes to the candidates, the parties, the committees, the organizations, and the candidates themselves.  

It's not that the money goes directly to the politicians, it's that it's used to pay for things that the politicians say they're fighting for.
I don't know about you, but I think it has to do with the fact that when you smoke pot, your brain goes into a state of arousal. 

When you smoke weed, your body releases chemicals called endorphins.  These chemicals are released in your brain, and when you stop smoking pot, they are released into your brain.

These chemicals cause your brain to send out signals to your brain that tell it that you are aroused, and your brain interprets these signals as signals that tell you to do something. 


These signals are sent in the form of dreams.
If the world was flat, you would be able to see all the way to the edge of the earth. 

If the earth is flat, it would be very hard for you to see the edges of the world, because you would have to travel a long way to see them.
The term "retarded" was originally used as a pejorative term for people with a mental disability. 

It's now used to refer to people who are socially inept or have a marked lack of social skills.
The gold standard does not work. 

Gold is a store of value.  It is not a currency.  The value of gold is determined by the price of gold.  If you want to buy gold, you need to buy it from someone who has it.  You can't just go to a bank and buy it.

If you don't have it, you can't sell it to someone who wants it, because they don't want it.
Your body releases a hormone called ghrelin. Ghrelin is a hormone that causes your stomach to contract, which causes you to feel hungry. 

When your stomach is full of food, it can't get rid of it, so it starts to contract. This is why you feel like throwing up when you're hungry.
Motorcycles and cars are rear-wheel drive. 

The reason for this is because they have a rear-engine, rear-drive layout.  A front-engine car has a transverse engine, which means that the engine is in the engine bay, and the transmission is on the rear of the car.  This means that when you drive a car, you are pushing the engine in the opposite direction to the transmission.  The transmission has to rotate in the same direction as the engine, so the engine has to push the engine out of the way of the transmission, which causes the transmission to rotate
When you eat hot food, your body is trying to get rid of excess heat. Your body has a lot of glands in your nose and mouth that secrete mucus to help keep you warm. When you eat a hot meal, the mucus in your mouth and nose starts to dry out, which causes your sinuses to constrict and make it runny.
I'm not sure what you're talking about. 

Some people can eat any and everything and not get fat.  Some people are genetically predisposed to being obese.  They have a mutation in their genes that causes them to be obese.
Because it's not illegal to talk about drug use in rap music. 

It's illegal to promote or glorify illegal drug use.
Philosophical zombies are people who are physically and behaviourally identical to human beings, but have no qualia or qualia at all. 

They are called philosophical zombies because they are thought to be "philosophical" in the sense that they don't have any qualia.

A philosophical zombie is a person who is physically identical to a normal human being, but has qualia and/or qualia that are not present in the human brain. 


The argument against philosophical zombies is that they are logically incoherent and thus impossible.  They are not logical because they do not have
The First Amendment protects the right to free speech. 

The right to film police officers is not absolute.  It is protected by the First Amendment to the Constitution, but not by the Fourth Amendment.
The Pope is the head of the Catholic Church. He is the most powerful man in the world.

He is also the leader of the church, and he has a lot of power.
HR is an independent and objective unit reporting directly to the Board of Directors.  

The board is not the CEO.  The board is the board of directors.  They are the owners of the company, and they have the authority to make the decisions that affect the company.

HR is a part of the board, but it is not an independent unit reporting to the board.
They didn't. 

They were able to communicate with each other because they had a language that was similar to the one they were speaking.  They could understand each other, but they didn't speak the same language.

It's not that they couldn't communicate, they just didn't know how to.
It's a tradition that's been around for a long time.  It's a way for the players to get a drink of water without having to carry it themselves.  They're not drinking from a bottle, they're drinking out of a water bottle.
They don't. 

It's called "catch and kill" and it's a very common technique used by tabloid newspapers to prevent an individual from publicly revealing information damaging to a third party.
It's not that it's not safe, it's just that it has been heavily damaged in the past. 

The first time Stonehenge was destroyed, it was in the middle of a civil war.  The Romans were building a wall around it to keep out the Romans, and the Romans didn't want to destroy the stone.

It's also not that the stone itself has been damaged.  It's that the stones are made out of granite, which is very hard to break down.  They're made of the same material as the rest of the stone, but they're made out
Lightning can cause a drop in voltage, which causes the power to go out and come back in a few minutes.

When the power goes out and comes back, it's usually due to a fault in the main lines.  The main lines are the ones that carry the power from the power plants to the homes and businesses.  If the main line is damaged, the power company will shut down the power plant and start a backup system.  This is called a "black out".

If the power is shut down, the backup system will start up and start generating electricity.  It's called
Yes, they are exploding.

Supernovae are when the core of a star reaches a certain mass/density limit, the Chandrasekhar limit, causing the object to collapse in a fraction of a second, causing it to explode in a supersonic detonation from a subsonic deflagration.
I'm not sure what you mean by doubt. 

People doubt huge moments in history, like the holocaust or men landing on the moon because they don't know what they're talking about.  They don't have any idea what happened, they just know that it was a big deal.
Sweetbreads are made with honey and spices. 

Gingerbread is made with preserved ginger, which is why it's called "gingerbread".
Exercising increases blood flow to the penis, which increases the amount of sperm that can be stored in the testis, which is why it's called a testis. 

If you don't get enough blood flow, you can't increase your penis size.
GoDaddy is a domain registrar, not a company.

SOPA is a bill that would make it illegal for websites to be hosted on GoDaddy's servers. 

This is a big deal because GoDaddy is one of the largest domain registrars in the world, and they are a major player in the domain registry industry.
Game theory is a way of thinking about how things work in the real world. 

Let's say you want to buy a house.  You have a house, and you have a friend who wants to sell it to you for $10, but you don't know what you're going to pay for it.  So you decide to play a game of chicken with him.  If you win, you get $10.  But if you lose, you have to pay him $5.

Now, if you win the game, you can't sell the house to him, because he's
In 10 pin bowling, you have three balls per frame.  If you get a strike, you get 10 points.  You get 10 for each pin knocked down.  

In 10-pin bowling, the first ball of the frame is a spare, and the second ball is a strike.  The first ball is scored as a 10, the second as a 7, the third as a 6, and so on.  This means that you get 20 points for each 10 pin.  For example, if the last ball is rolled by the last bowler in the frame, and 3 pins remain
The passive voice is used to hide the subject of the sentence.  

For example, if you're writing a sentence like, "I was in the process of making a mistake" you can use the passive voice to say "I made a mistake."  


But if you are writing "I did not make a mistake", you could use the active voice, which says "I am the one who made the mistake" or "I'm the one responsible for the mistake."

It's not a bad thing, it's just that it takes the focus away from the subject.
It's not that electronics are cheaper in the US, it's that they are made in a different country. 

In the UK, for example, if you want to buy a laptop, you have to go to a store in the UK and buy it from a UK-based company.  In the USA, you go to the US-based companies and get it from them.
The heart pumps blood from the heart to the veins. The veins are the capillaries that carry the oxygen and nutrients to the heart. The arteries are the veins which carry the deoxygenated blood to the lungs.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm going to assume it has to do with the amount of money involved.

When you send a bank transfer, you're sending money from one bank account to another bank account, and the other bank has to verify that the money is in the account you want to transfer to. 

If the bank doesn't have the funds in their account, they have to send the money to the receiving bank, which means they need to confirm that the funds are in the right account. 


If they don't, then they need someone else to
Seashells are made of calcium carbonate, which is a mineral that is dissolved in the water. 

When the water cools down, it forms crystals of aragonite, which are the minerals that make up the shell.

These crystals are dissolved in water, and when they cool down, they crystallize and form into shells.
The ocean is not electrified.  It is electrified because it is a conductor of electricity.  If you touch the ocean with a lightning bolt, it will create an electric current, but it will not be strong enough to cause all of the oceans to be electrified at the same time.
They can store their own blood for future transfusions. 

They don't store it because they don't want to pour it out onto the ground.
>  How come our population more than doubled between 1960 to present day, yet projections of the future show only a minor increase in numbers of people.

The answer is that the world's population is growing at an exponential rate.  It's not that we can't grow, it's that we're running out of food.  We have a finite amount of food on the planet.  If we didn't have enough food to eat, we'd starve to death.
It's called [Parallax illusion](_URL_0_) and it's caused by the fact that when you shake your screen, it causes the image to appear to be moving faster than it actually is.

When you shake the screen, your brain interprets the image as if it's moving. 

Your brain is trying to make sense of the image, and when it sees the image moving, it interprets it as if the image is moving.
Lithium ion batteries have a chemical reaction called electrolysis.  When they are fully charged, the electrolyte in the cell starts to break down.  This causes the cell to become harder and harder, which causes it to wear out.  

When the cell is full, it can no longer be recharged.  The electrolyte is still there, but it is no longer able to conduct electricity.  So, it stops working.
Peronism is the political party of Juan Perón. 

It's a political party that was founded by the son of the dictator Perón, who was the first president of Argentina.

Juan Perón was the leader of the Peronist Party, which was the party that ruled Argentina from 1945 to 1976. 


The party was led by his daughter, Eva Peron, who is the current president of the country.  The party was founded in the 1930s, and was the main political party in the country at the time.  It was a conservative party, but it
When you're tired, your eyelids are lubricated by the tears in your eye. When you're awake, your eyes are dry, so when you close them, the tears drain out of your eye, but when you're asleep, they stay in.
It's called [Phantom limb syndrome](_URL_0_) and it's caused by a mismatch between the brain's perception of the limb that has fallen asleep and what is actually happening. 

Your brain has two parts of the nervous system, the sensory and the motor. The sensory part of your brain is responsible for perceiving movement, and your motor part is the one responsible for controlling the motor part.

When you move a limb, your motor system sends signals to your sensory part, which tells your brain that the limb is still there. Your motor system interprets these signals and interpre
I think it's because your body's immune system doesn't have time to build up a strong enough immune system to deal with a cold or flu. It takes a few days for your body to get used to it.
The clearance sales will have an effect on Dick's and Modell's as well. 

Dick's will be able to get rid of a lot of their excess inventory and sell it at a lower price, which will make it harder for them to compete with other retailers.

Modell's will have to cut back on the amount of inventory they have, which means that they will be unable to sell as much as they used to.
The Secret Service is responsible for the protection of the President and his immediate family. 

If the President were to commit a crime, they would be investigated by the FBI, the CIA, and the Department of Homeland Security.

The President is also subject to the jurisdiction of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, which is the highest court in the country.
The insurance company pays for the damage to the car. 

The Incredibles is a Disney movie, so they don't have to pay for it.
The first thing to do is to make sure that the tank is moving at the proper speed. If it's not moving at a certain speed, you can't fire at it.

If it is moving too fast, you have to slow it down. If you're not moving fast enough, you're going to get hit by a missile.
You can be arrested for dressing up as a police officer on any other day, but not on Halloween.
He's not a bad singer, he's just not very good at it. 

He's a very talented singer, but he doesn't sing well enough to be considered a great singer.

It's not that he's bad at singing, it's that his voice isn't good enough to make it to the top of the charts.
Ricin is a chemical that binds to proteins in your body and binds to them in such a way that they can't be broken down by normal enzymes. 

When you eat ricin, it binds to a protein called RTA, which is a protein that is used by your body to break down proteins in order to make proteins that your body needs.

The problem with ricin is that it doesn't break down RTA in the same way as normal proteins do. It binds to the RTA and then breaks it down into smaller molecules, which your body doesn't need to do.
Yes, napalm self ignites when it comes in contact with oxygen.

Napalm is a chemical that reacts with oxygen to form a gas called nitrous oxide. Nitrous oxide is an oxidizing agent, which means that it reacts with the oxygen in the air to form carbon monoxide, which is what makes it self-igniting.
The CBC is a blood test that measures the number of red blood cells (RBCs) in your blood.  It's important because it tells you if you have any type A or type B antibodies, which can indicate that you have a blood clotting disorder.
Iceland, Denmark, and Austria are the three most peaceful countries on earth. 

Iceland and Denmark are the only three countries in the Nordic region that are members of NATO, which means they are part of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO), which is a group of countries that are allied with the United States, Russia, and the United Kingdom.

Austria is a member of the European Union, which is the EU, and is part of NATO as well.
We don't know if life exists on Mars. We don't even know if there is life on Mars, so we don't want to risk contaminating it.
The First Amendment protects free speech because it protects the right to free speech. 

The Supreme Court ruled in Citizens United v. FEC (2010) that money does not equate to speech, and corporations do not hold the same First Amendment rights as individuals.
Paint molecules are made up of a bunch of molecules arranged in layers.  The molecules are arranged in such a way that they reflect light in a certain way.  When you heat up the paint, you change the spacing between the layers, which causes the light to bounce off of the layers and reflect back to you.  This is called Bragg diffraction. 

When the paint is heated up, the molecules in the paint are arranged so that the light is bouncing off of them at a certain wavelength, which is reflected back at you.

The color of the paint depends on the wavelength of
It's called "splitting the pot".

When you're all in, you have $10 in the pot.  If you bet $10, you get $5, and the other players bet $5.

If the other two players raise, you take the $5 and split the pot between them.  This is called "freerolling".  It's a way for the dealer to keep track of how much money each player has bet, so that he knows how much of the pot is left.
Electromagnetic waves are at audible range frequency, so we can hear them. 

Electromagnetism is a theory of how electromagnetic waves propagate through the air.  It's based on the idea that electromagnetic waves can travel at different frequencies.  This means that they can travel in different directions at different speeds.

If you're talking about electromagnetic waves that travel at the audible range, then yes, we will be able to hear them, but they will be traveling at a different frequency than the ones we hear.
Your skin is made up of a bunch of different types of cells called fibrocytes. Some of these cells are called myofibroblasts, and they are the ones that make up the skin. 

When you get a cut, the cells in your skin are called macrophages. They are the cells that make the blood vessels in the wound. When they are injured, they stop making blood vessels, and instead start making new blood vessels.

Once the cells stop making new vessels, they start to grow back into the same shape they were before the cut. 


The
We can outrun bears, but we can't outrun them. 

Bears are built to run on all fours, which means they have to balance their weight on their hind feet.  They can't run on their front feet because they can't support their weight.

We can run on our front feet, but our back feet are designed to support our weight.
It's not that they didn't have a replacement, it's just that they weren't able to get the funding to build one. 

The shuttle program was funded by Congress, not NASA.  The budget was cut in half after the Challenger accident, so they couldn't afford to build a new one.
It's not that they're not female, it's just that they have a different coloration. 

Seahorses are not hermaphrodites.  They are hermatophilic, meaning that they are not sexually reproductively reproductiv.  This means that they don't have the same sex chromosomes as other animals, so they can't pass on their genes to their offspring.

It's also possible that the coloration of the seahorse's skin doesn't tell you if they're male or female.
No. 

Object B is not the same thing as object A.

If you take a picture of a dog and put it in front of a mirror, you will see that it looks like a dog, but it's actually a dog.  If you put a mirror next to the dog, you'll see that the dog is actually a cat.  This is because the dog has the same shape as the cat, but the shape of the cat is different.  The dog's shape is different from the cat's shape, and the cat has different shape from the dog's.
It's not that they don't build the thing they patended, it's that they didn't invent it. 

The patent system was originally created to protect the sole inventor of an invention, not the company that made it.
A fajita is made with ground beef, usually ground pork.

A quesadilla is made of corn tortillas, usually with cheese, and usually topped with sour cream, mayonnaise, salsa, or sour cream and mayo. 

Taco is a Mexican dish made with beef, often ground pork or pork. It is usually served on a tortilla.
When the battery dies, the time and date are reset to 1/1/1970

The battery is connected to an alternator. The alternator is a device that connects to the electrical grid. When the battery is dead, the alternator stops working and the clock is reset.
It's not that they're ineffective, it's that they don't measure learning. 

There are a lot of ways to measure learning, but standardized testing isn't one of them.

For example, if you want to know how well a student is doing on a math test, you have to look at how well they do on a reading test. If they do well on the reading test, it means they're doing better on the math test. But if they do poorly on the writing test, then they're not doing well on math, so they have to do better on reading and writing.
I'm not sure if this is ELI5, but I'll give it a shot. 

The i3, i5 and ULV processors are all based on the same CPU architecture, but they are all different in how they are designed to handle tasks.

For example, the i3 is designed for low-end tasks, meaning that it can handle lower clock speeds than the i5, i3 means that it has a lower clock speed than i5. The i5 is designed to be high-end, meaning it has higher clock speeds, but lower TDPs, which means
The melting point for fat and wax is around 40°C, and candle making takes minutes. 

The difference is that candle making requires a lot more energy than rendering fat, so it takes a lot longer.
I'm not sure what you mean by "voting against" but I'm going to try to explain it.

Voting against means that you don't want to vote for someone because you think they're a bad person. 

If you're voting for someone, you're saying "I don't like this person, I don't think they deserve to be president, and I'm not going to let them get away with it."

When you vote against someone, it means you're telling them that they're not a good person, and that they don't deserve to get elected.
Aircraft are equipped with a satellite dish that connects to ground-based wifi. 

The satellite dish is able to send out a signal to the ground, which is then relayed to the plane.

A plane is also equipped with an IFE (in-flight entertainment system) that connects directly to the satellite dish, which connects the plane to the internet.
It's not just the cost of shipping, it's also the fact that the US government regulates the shipping industry. 

If you want to sell something in the US, you have to go through customs.  You have to pay taxes, import duties, and so on.  If you sell it in the UK, you need to pay customs duties.  The US doesn't want to pay those taxes, so they don't allow you to sell it there.

In other words, if you sell your product in the U.S. and want it to be shipped to Europe, then you have
It's called flashbulb memory. It's a phenomenon that happens when you have a memory of an event, but you don't remember it until it happens. 

It's caused by the fact that when you dream, your brain has a lot of time to process what you're seeing and remembering.  When you wake up, you're still processing what you saw and remember what you remember, but your brain doesn't have time to store it in long term memory.

Flashbulb memories are caused by a phenomenon called [FAB](_URL_0_), which is a phenomenon where
Taste buds are located in the back of your tongue. When you get hit on the head, your tongue loses the ability to send signals to your brain to tell you what tastes good or bad.
It's a combination of things. 

1. The building is owned by someone who wants to make money.

2. It's owned by people who want to sell it to someone who is willing to pay them for it.


3. The owner of the building wants to sell the building to someone else who will pay them a lot of money for it

4. They want to get rid of the old buildings

5. They don't want to pay people to take care of them

6. They are owned by a group of people who don't care about the building
Bail is a form of pre-trial release. 

If you are arrested for a crime, you are released from jail until you pay a certain amount of money to the court.

The reason for this is that if you don't pay the money, you can't go back to jail.
The semen stored in the testicles is called semenogelin.  It is a protein that forms one of the components of ejaculate.  When you don't ejaculate for a while, it starts to form globules, which are then broken down by macrophages and reabsorbed into the bloodstream.
Hydrographic printing is when you put a thin layer of water on a hard surface, and then use a press to transfer the water to the hard surface. 

It's a very simple process, but can be used on a wide variety of materials, from plastic to metal, plastic to wood.
It depends on a lot of factors.

1. The amount of data that is being sent and the amount of time it takes for it to get to your computer. 

2. The number of computers that are connected to the network.
3. The size of the connection.
4. How many people are using the connection at any given time.
5. How much bandwidth is being used.
6. How fast is the connection being used?

If you're talking about downloading a file, you're referring to the speed at which it is being transmitted.  If you're
It's called a saejang, and it's the shape of a cactus stick.

It's the same shape that's used by the people of Chile, Norway, and Vietnam. 

_URL_0_
Your computer has an internal clock that keeps track of the time since it was turned off. When it is turned off, it sends a signal to a Time-of-Year (TOY) clock, which is connected to an external clock. When the computer is restarted, it checks the TOY to see how much time has passed.
The time was synchronized before the internet. 

Before the telegraph, ships used to use a sundial to keep track of their longitude.  The sundials were based on the longitude of the Greenwich Meridian and the Washington Meridian.

The sundials could be used to calculate longitude using the sun's position.  If the sundials weren't accurate, they would be off by a few minutes, and if they weren't, they wouldn't be accurate at all.
Batteries can be recharged, but they don't have infinite capacity.  

They're made up of a series of cells, each with a different voltage.  When the battery is recharged the voltage of the battery increases, but it's not enough to keep the current flowing through the cells.  If the voltage is too high, the cells can't hold enough energy to make the current flow through them.

If the voltage drops too low, they can't keep up with the flow of energy.
It's not blue detergent, it's Ultramarine blue.

Ultramarine is a chemical that absorbs light in the ultraviolet and violet region (usually 340–370 nm) of the electromagnetic spectrum, and re-emit light in blue region (typically 420–470 nm). This makes it appear white.
They're called "eye floaters" and they're caused by the fluid in your eye moving around when you look around. 

When you look at something, your eyes are trying to focus on the light coming in from the sun.  The light is bouncing off of the back of your retina, which is the part of your eye that is responsible for detecting light.  When the light hits your eye, it bounces off of your retinas, which are the cells that make up your eyes.  These cells are called photoreceptors, and they are the ones that are responsible for seeing the light
The coin return/change buttons are not designed to work.

They are designed to make it so that when you press them, the machine will return the coins to the coin vault, not the machine itself. 

The machine is designed to keep track of how many coins are in the machine, not how many times you've added money to the total.
Electronics don't lose charge while not being used, they lose charge when they're being used. 

Batteries are made up of a series of cells.  When a battery is fully discharged, the electrolyte in the cells starts to crystallize, and the electrons start to flow out of the cells.

The electrolyte is made of electrolyte, which is a mixture of water and electrolyte salts.  The electrolyte acts as a conductor between the electrodes of the battery and the electrolytes, and when the electrodes are full, they start to lose charge.  This happens because the
IQ tests are a measure of general intelligence.  They measure the ability to think, reason, and learn.  

IQ tests have been around for a long time, and have been used to measure a wide range of things.  It's important to note that IQ tests do not measure general intelligence, but they do measure specific abilities.  For example, the Stanford-Binet test measures verbal and nonverbal intelligence, and the Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale measures spatial and logical intelligence.

There are a lot of different types of IQ tests, and there are many different ways to measure intelligence
The music industry is a business. 

It's a business that has been around for a long time.  It's been around because people have been willing to pay money for the right to listen to music.

The problem is that the music industry has become more and more like a business, and the people who make the money in it are the ones who make it.  There are a lot of things wrong with it, but the most important thing is that it's become a business where people don't have the freedom to make music that they want to make.  They are forced to work for
Melbourne is located in the middle of the continent, so it gets a lot of cold air coming in from the north. New York City, on the other hand, is in the center of the country, so the cold air is coming from the south.
1080p is the most common HD TV resolution. 

1080 is also the most commonly used blu-ray resolution.

The reason 1080p is because it is the highest resolution available on the market, and because it has the highest quality image quality. 1080p has a higher aspect ratio than 720p, which is why it's the most popular.
If he punched the head of state of another country in the face, it would be considered a coup d'état. 

If he didn't, he would be arrested and put in jail.
There are a lot of reasons. 

1. The top level domain system is very complicated.  It's not a single system, it's a collection of different TLDs.  
2. It's very hard to create a single top-level domain (TLD). 
3. It takes a long time for a new TLD to come up with a good name, and it's very difficult to get it approved by the board of directors of the organization that runs it. 


4. There's no way to make it easy for people to register new domains.
It's a combination of things.

1. The camera is set up so that the camera is always facing the ball, and the ball is always in the same position. 

2. The ball has a sensor in it that measures the change in the magnetic field around the goal posts and crossbar, which is monitored by coils that are embedded in the goal post. 


3. When the ball hits the crossbar it creates a magnetic field that is measured by the sensors in the ball.  


4. The video crew has a computer that takes the data from the ball and
I'm not sure what you're talking about. 

I think it's because people don't realize that they are watching a terrible movie.

It's not that they don't care, it's that they're not paying attention to it.
Blue OLEDs are less efficient and have a shorter lifespan than green and red OLEDs.

The reason for this is that blue light degrades more rapidly than other colors of light. 

A blue OLED is made up of organic molecules that emit blue light, which degrades much faster than green or red light.
It's called a [Gate Control Theory](_URL_0_).

Basically, when you feel pain, your body sends a signal to your brain that tells it that something is wrong. Your brain interprets this signal as a "pain signal" and interprets it as "touch".

When you touch/hold the affected area, your brain sends the signal back to the nerve cells in your brain, which then sends it to your muscles, which in turn send it back to your nerves in your muscles.

Your brain then interprets the signal as "I'm in pain, touch me
I think it has to do with the fact that when you look at a frame from a soap opera, you're looking at it from the perspective of the camera, not the camera itself. The camera takes a picture of the scene, and you see it as a single frame, not as a series of frames.
It is possible to compress files without losing data, but it is not always possible.

For example, if you want to compress a text file, you need to re-encode it. If you re-decrypt it, you will lose all the information that is stored in the text file.
Aboriginal people in Australia have it worse of than other natives people in developed countries because they live in rural areas. 

They don't have access to the same amount of resources as other native people, and they don't get the same access to health care as other natives.
The English government is opposed to this because they don't want Scotland to become an independent country. They don't like the idea of having to give up control of their economy, their culture, their language, and their culture. 

The Scottish people want independence because they are fed up with being treated as a mere region, the Winterfell of Britain.
Your mouth has a lot of mucous membranes.  The mucosa is the tissue that surrounds your mouth.  When you get an infection, the mucosa gets clogged up with bacteria and other bacteria, and it takes a long time for it to clear out.

Your mouth also has more blood vessels than the rest of your body.  If you get a cut or scrape, the blood vessels in your mouth will dilate, and the blood will drain out of the wound.  This causes the wound to become infected, and will take a longer time to heal.  

If you get
When you work, your brain has to process more information in a shorter period and to process it comfortably at this faster pace. When you don't work, it has to slow down.
We don't get sick from using manure as fertilizer. 

Manure contains a lot of bacteria and viruses that can be transmitted through fecal matter, but we don't eat it.
Essential oils are extracted from plants.  They have a lot of healing properties.  Some of them have anti-inflammatory and anti-stress properties.

Essential oil can be used for many things.  For example, if you have a burn, you can use lavender essential oil to soothe it.  You can also use it to help with pain.  It can also help with anxiety and depression.  

Aromatherapy is a term that refers to the use of essential oils to treat physical and emotional well-being.  There is no scientific proof that it works.
When you sleep, your muscles contract and contract. When you wake up, your body is still contracting and contracting, so your grip muscles are still contracting.
Zipping and unzipping files are two different things.

Zipping is the act of copying/transferring text from one part of a computer-based document ("buffer") to a different location within the same or different computer's memory. 

Unzipping is when you compress a file and then unzip it.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it's because of the fact that euthanasia by medication is common and (apparently) painless. 

Lethal injection is a painless method of execution, but euthanasia is not.
Greece is a member of the Eurozone, a group of countries that share the same currency as the United States.  

The Eurozone is basically a bunch of countries with a common currency, the Euro.  Each country has a set amount of money that they have to pay back to the other countries.  The Eurozone countries have to agree on how much money they are going to give to each other, and how much they're going to take out of their own pockets to pay it back.

In order to get the money back, they agree to do a lot of things.
Trucks don't leave huge chunks of tires on the road, they leave them in the ground. 

They leave them because they don't have the space to store them.
I'm not sure what you mean by "Adwords".  

Adwords are a web-based advertising platform that allows you to place ads in search engines.  They are used to promote your business's website.  If you want to get more traffic to your website, you have to pay Google to put ads on your page.

If you're not a professional, and you don't know what you're talking about, you can search for the keywords you're looking for and see if they match up with the ads you're placing on your website. If they don't match up, you
The flap is to keep dirt and dirt out of the ear canal. 

Dogs don't need to have their ears shaped the way we do, they just need to be shaped in a way that allows them to get more air into their ears.
Bedsores are caused by bacteria in your skin. 

When you sleep on your back, your skin is exposed to a lot of bacteria.  When you wake up in the morning, the bacteria are still there, and your body is trying to get rid of them.
Herpes Simplex 1 is caused by herpes simplex type 2, which is a different strain of the virus. 

Herpes simplex 2 is not caused by the same type of virus, it's caused by a different type of herpes virus.
Calorie restriction does not slow ageing, it slows down the process of DNA methylation. 

When you eat too much, your DNA gets damaged and your body can't repair it.

If you eat enough calories, you can repair your DNA, but if you don't eat enough, your body will start to break down and your DNA won't be able to repair itself.
The Pythagoreans were the first researchers known to have studied the mathematical principles of sound. They found that the ratios of small integers were the basis of harmony, which is why we can hear them in our ears.

Modern music has a lot of mathematical properties as well, from the way it is written down, to how it is played, to the way the notes are arranged.
Oxygen comes from carbon atoms. Carbon dioxide comes from hydrogen atoms.

Carbon dioxide is a byproduct of aerobic respiration, which is the process by which the body breaks down glucose into carbonic acid and oxygen. 

When you exhale CO2, you're actually exhaling carbon dioxide.  When you inhale O2, your body converts it into carbon dioxide, which your body then uses as energy to make more CO2.
The 3 pronged connector is to make it easier for the cable to be pulled out of the socket when you want to use it. 

It's also to prevent the cable from touching the live pins when you plug it into the socket.
Because India is a small country with a large population. 

China is a large country with huge resources.

India is also a very poor country with poor infrastructure.
Porridge is made with milk, which has a lot of lipids in it. The lipids keep the water from evaporating. 

Your cup of tea, on the other hand, is made of tea leaves, which are made of water.  The water evaporates faster than the porridge, so it takes longer for the tea to cool down.
When you smoke, your brain releases dopamine, which is a chemical that makes you feel good. When you don't smoke, it's like you're not getting enough dopamine.
Marijuana is made up of a bunch of different chemicals called thiols. 

Humulene is one of the most common. It's a chemical that is used in the brewing process of beer.

The reason it's called "skunky" is because it's a reaction between the alcohol in beer and the chemicals in the hops that make up the beer.
Airlines don't want to cancel flights because of bad weather, they want to make sure their planes are on time.

They want to keep their planes on time so they don't have to pay extra fees to keep them in the air.
It depends on the amount of gas in your stomach, the size of the hole you have in your anus, and the pressure in your intestines. 

The sound is also affected by the size and shape of your anus. If you have a large hole in your ass, you will hear the sound of the gas being pushed out, but if you have small holes in your butt, you won't hear it.
I'm not an expert on ordainment websites, but I can give you a general idea of how they work.

Wikipedia is an online encyclopedia.  It's a collection of information about the history of the world.  If you want to learn more about it, you need to go to _URL_0_

_URL_1_
I think it has something to do with the fact that they are a terrorist organization, and the media doesn't want to give them a free pass.

It's not that we don't give them coverage, it's that we want to make sure that they get the coverage they deserve.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm going to assume it has something to do with the fact that it's a new console. 

The Xbox One has a lot of new features, some of which are good, some are bad, and some are not so good.

For example, there are a few new features that are coming to the Xbox One, such as the ability to save games in the cloud, which will allow you to play them on your PC, but will also make it more difficult for games to run on the console. This is a big deal, because
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm assuming you're referring to the software that's being used by the company's IT department. 

The problem is that they're using a lot of time and resources to maintain the software, which is a huge drain on their resources.  They're also using it for things that don't really need to be maintained, such as web development.

For example, if you're trying to build a website for a company that has a huge number of users, it's going to take a lot more time and money to maintain than it does to
Your body has two main ways of getting rid of heat. 

1. Your body can lose heat by convection and conduction.

2. It can also evaporate heat by evaporation, which is the process by which water evaporates from the surface of your skin.
It's because the first person is not even using the joke anymore. 

If you steal a joke from someone else, it's not really stealing the joke.  It's stealing the idea.
The Federal Reserve determines the value of the US dollar. 

The Fed is a central bank.  They set the exchange rate based on a basket of currencies that are used as a reference point.  The Fed uses the dollar as a reserve currency because it is used to buy and sell goods and services in other countries.  This means that if the dollar is worth more than other currencies, then the Fed will buy more of them.  If the US is worth less than other countries, then they will sell more of their own currency.

This means that the Fed is able to buy more US dollars
The semicolon is used to separate a series of words whose elements are separated by commas.

It's used to mark that two separate clauses have but a loose relation to each other.
I think it has something to do with the fact that we stare at fire because we are attracted to it. 

When we look at a fire, we see it as a source of light.  When we look into the sun, we are looking at the sun.  We are attracted by the light of the sun because it is the source of our sight.  If you look at the moon, you can see the sun's light, but you can't see the moon's light.

If you stare at the fire, you see the light from the sun and you see that the sun is
The color of the moon is due to the way the moon reflects light from the sun.

When you look at the moon from the ground, you can see that it reflects a lot of light, but when you look up at it from the sky, you see that the light reflects off of the earth's atmosphere. 

The reason the moon appears blue is because the atmosphere is so thick that it filters out the red light.  When the sun's light hits the moon, it bounces off of it and reflects it back to the earth, but because of the thick atmosphere, the light bounces off the
I think it's because they are blindfolded so they can't see what's going on around them.
She believes that marriage is between a man and a woman, and she doesn't want to enforce the law. 

The Supreme Court has ruled that she is allowed to refuse to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples because she believes that it violates her religious beliefs.
It's called the [Wagon Wheel Effect](_URL_0_). It's caused by a phenomenon called [Stroboscopic Stroboscopy. 

Imagine that you have 12 spokes on a wheel, each of which is moving at 12 revolutions per second. If you take a picture of each of the 12 spokes at 12:30, you'll see that they're all in the same position, but if you take another picture of the wheel at 9:00, they'll all be in different positions.

If you look at the picture again, you will see that the 12th spoke has moved to the 11:30 position, then the wheel will appear to be
There is no archeological evidence that dragons ever existed. 

There is, however, a lot of evidence that they do exist.

Dinosaurs are known to have existed in the past, but they were not as large as we imagine them to be.  They were large and strong, but not as big as we think they are.  The reason they're present in almost every major culture and depicted so similarly is because they were seen as a symbol of strength and power.  In the ancient world, they were considered the symbol of courage and bravery.  This is why they were depicted in
Base 16 is the smallest common base. It is the one with the least number of digits. 

It is also the most common base for binary numbers.

Base 10 is the most commonly used base for multiplication and division.  It has the least amount of digits to divide by, so it is easier to divide and multiply by.  Base 12 is used for division and multiplication, but it has more factors to add and subtraction than base 16.  The more factors you have, the harder it is to multiply and divide.
A pub is a place where people gather to drink alcoholic beverages and, more than likely, also be served food. 

A saloon is a separate drinking area within a pub.

Bars are separate drinking areas within a bar.
It's called a fibrillation potential. It happens when the motor nerve that innervates a skeletal muscle is stimulated by multiple impulses at a sufficiently high frequency. 

When this happens, it causes the muscle to contract, which causes the nerves to fire at a higher frequency than normal.
Most of their money is held with the Federal Reserve, which is the central bank of the country where they are based.  

The Federal Reserve is responsible for managing the money supply in the country.  They set the interest rates on the money that banks are allowed to lend out, and they also set the amount of reserves that banks must hold in reserve.

In other words, if you have $100,000,000 in your bank account, the Fed will loan it out to other banks.  If you don't have that much money in your account, they will lend it out.
Insurance is a way for insurance companies to make money.  

Insurance companies don't make money by selling insurance to people.  They make money when people buy insurance.

People buy insurance because they don't want to pay a lot of money out of pocket.  If you have a car accident and you don't pay the insurance company a lot, they can charge you a lot more.  The insurance company can then sell that money to other people who do pay the premiums.  This means that insurance companies can make money from people who don't have insurance.  For example, if
It's because they want to sell more cars. 

They want to get more people to buy their new cars, so they release them in the fall, which is when they can sell the most cars.
I think it's because people are used to buying $5 lattes and $5 beers.
It's called a "cut-off".

When a commercial cuts off in the middle of a program, it means that the show is interrupted by a new commercial.

It's not uncommon for a show to have a commercial break during a commercial, but it's also common for a program to take a break in between commercials.
The new farm bill was passed by the House of Representatives and signed into law by the President on February 7th, 2014. 

It basically keeps the current farm bill in place for the next 5 years.

There are a lot of changes to the bill, but the main changes are:

1. The farm bill will continue to fund food stamps for low income people, which is a big issue for conservatives because it's a way for the government to provide food assistance to poor people.
2. The bill will provide more money for conservation and conservation programs.
3. It will also provide
They don't. 

Insurance companies are required to report missing persons cases to the police.  If they don't report it, it's not covered by the policy.

If it's covered by a life insurance policy, the police will contact the insurance company and ask them to contact the family of the insured.
Your skin cells don't die. 

Your skin is made up of a thin layer of lipid.  When you place an ice cube in your palm, you're freezing the lipid layer, which is what keeps your skin cells alive.
It's because of the aspect ratio of the screen. 

1080p is a 16:9 aspect ratio, which means that if you have a 1080p screen, it's 16:10 pixels wide.

1,080 pixels is a 4:3 aspect ratio.
Yellow Sunglasses are tinted glasses. They block just one or two colors (usually green and blue), permitting people to see colors such as dull brown or yellow. 

Yellow sunglasses are also tinted to make them easier to see.
Futures are contracts that set the price of a commodity in the future. 

Supply and demand are the two main drivers of the price.

If you have a contract to buy a ton of wheat at $8.89 per bushel on December 17th, 2012, and you want to sell it for $10,000 on December 18th, you have to pay $1,000 in cash to the seller of the wheat, and the seller has to pay you $100 in exchange for the bushel of wheat that you're buying. If you sell the wheat for $100,
They measure it in bits, not bytes. 

The reason they do this is because they want to keep track of how much data is being sent and how fast it is being transmitted.  If you're talking about the amount of bytes being sent, it's because they don't want to know how fast the data is going to be sent.  They want to be able to know if they're getting enough data or not.
I think the best way to learn to drive a manual transmission is to learn how to use the clutch, brake, and throttle with your right foot. 

If you don't already know how to operate a clutch, you can start by learning how to brake with your left foot and then use the right foot to shift through the gears.
It's called vasocongestion, and it's caused by increased blood flow to the area around the clitoris and the walls of the vagina.
The band is led by the conductor.  

The conductor is the leader of the band.  He or she is in charge of making sure that the band is in sync with the music.  The conductor is also the one who chooses the pieces to be played.  They are the ones who decide how the music is to be performed.

They are also the ones that decide how to play the music and how to make the band sound.
The 5th amendment protects the right to self-incriminating speech. 

It's the same reason we have the 1st and 4th amendments.

The 1st amendment protects free speech, and the 2nd and 3rd amendments protect the right of the people to be free from unreasonable searches and seizures.
The difference between the socialism of Nazi Germany and socialism of the Soviet Union is that they were both socialist, but they were very different. 

In Germany, the Nazis wanted to impose their own brand of socialism on the rest of the world. They wanted to make the world a socialist country, and the Soviets wanted to keep the world as a communist country.

The difference was that the Nazis had a lot of money, and they wanted to use that money to build up their own country. The Soviets, on the other hand, didn't want to build a country as a socialist one, and wanted to
It doesn't work like that. 

You can't see at the bottom of a message.  You can only see the top of the message.

If you want to see the bottom, you have to go to the bottom and click on the "Seen at" button.
Crude oil is extracted from the ground and refined into refined petroleum products. 

The refining process is called hydrocracking.

It's basically a process where crude oil is mixed with water and other chemicals to form a liquid.  This liquid is then mixed with other chemicals, such as carbon monoxide and oxygen, to make a solid polymer that can be used as a cell phone case or a storage bin.
I think it's because when you're on hold, your phone is trying to send data to your computer, and it's sending it to your MP3 player.

MP3 players have built-in FM radios, but FM transmitters aren't usually built to transmit at the same rate as radio transmitters, so when you are on hold the radio isn't getting the signal it needs to transmit, so it has to wait for the signal to get through to your PC. 

When you're listening to music on your phone, your computer is sending data to the radio, and the radio is receiving
Pigeons don't know where they are, they just know that they are in the vicinity of their roost. 

They don't use visual cues, they use infra-red light.

When they fly at night, they hear the sound of their own roost, which they use to tell them where they're going.
I'm not sure what you mean by "you're not a robot".

CAPTCHA is a type of challenge-response test used in computing to determine whether or not the user is human.

It works by asking you to type out distorted letters, numbers or symbols that appear in an image undecipherable by a computer. 

The computer tries to figure out if you're a human or a robot, and if you are a human, it gives you a grade based on your score.  If you pass the test, then you're considered human. If you fail, you're
I think it has to do with the fact that the West Coast is the most populated region in the US. 

There are a lot of people who live in California, so they get to see a lot more car chases than people in the East Coast.
Cockroaches are harmless, but they are also very hard to kill. They have long, spiny legs, long antennae, and shiny skin. They also have urticating hairs on the rear of the abdomen which they kick into the air using their rear legs if they feel threatened or agitated.
You can learn Spanish if you watch Spanish language tv. 

You just need to learn how to read the subtitles.
It depends on the country. 

In the case of the US, the US Air Force will use their fighter jets to detect any foreign aircraft approaching their airspace.

If they see a foreign aircraft, they will report it to the local air traffic control, and they will give them a clearance to fly.  If they see another foreign aircraft in the same airspace, the air traffic controller will give the permission for the foreign aircraft to fly over the US.
Blood tests work by counting the number of red blood cells (RBCs) in your blood.  

When you take a blood sample, the cells are counted.  They are counted by looking at them under a microscope.  If you have a high number of RBCs, it means that you have high levels of hemoglobin A1C, which is a hormone that causes blood to clot.

If you have low levels of H1N1, this means that your body is not producing enough of the hormone, so you need to take a test to determine if you have it.
It's not the full bars, it's the fact that your phone is not connected to the WiFi network. 

Your phone is connected to a different network than the one you're using, so it can't tell the difference between the two.
The Departed was written and directed by Martin Scorsese.  It's a very different movie from Infernal affairs, but it's very similar in many ways.  

Infernal Affairs was written by John Sayles.  He wrote the screenplay and directed the movie.  The two movies are very different movies, but they have a lot in common.

In Infernal Affairs, Sayles wrote a book called "Infernal affairs" and directed a movie based on it.  In The Departed, he wrote a screenplay based on the book.  Sayles also directed the film.
When a battery is full, it has more electrons in it, which means that it can hold more energy. 

When it's empty, the electrons are not in the battery, they're in the air, which is why it's heavier.
I think it's because they want to make sure that they have someone who is able to handle the day-to-day responsibilities of running a government office. 

It's not that they don't have people who can do it, it's that they want someone who can handle it.
It depends on what you mean by "pure". 

If you mean "pure", you mean that you don't use mathematics to solve problems.  For example, if you want to know how to calculate the value of a number, you use algebraic numbers.  You don't need to use pure mathematics to figure out how to do that.  If you mean to solve a problem in applied mathematics, then you use techniques such as variational methods, asymptotic methods, and variational analysis.  These techniques are used to find patterns in the data, and then you can use them to
They don't know where to go and treat, they know where they are going to go. 

They are designed to be absorbed by the bloodstream and then released into the bloodstream.

If you take a pill, it is absorbed into your bloodstream by your blood vessels. If you take an antibiotic, the drug is absorbed through the blood vessels, but if you take it orally, it will be absorbed through your bloodstream.
It's called Flicker Fusion Threshold.

It's a measure of the frequency at which the flicker fusion threshold is at which you can no longer see it. 

If you have a computer monitor that has a certain amount of flicker, and you change the brightness of the screen, you can increase the brightness by increasing the amount of light and decreasing the number of dark periods, but you can't change the frequency of the light and dark periods. 


The reason for this is that if you change how much light and how dark the screen is, you're increasing the intensity of the
It doesn't promote sex trafficking.  

Prostitution is not a crime, it is a business.  It is illegal because it is illegal.  If you want to legalize prostitution, you need to make it illegal.
The Calvin cycle is a series of chemical reactions that convert carbon dioxide and other compounds into glucose.

The first step of the cycle is the RuBisCO enzyme, which breaks down CO₂ into 5-carbon Ribulose bisphosphate (RuBP) molecules. This is the first step in the dark cycle. The second step is the NADP+/NADPH reaction, which uses the energy from the ATP and NADPH made in the light reactions to convert G3P sugar molecules into NADPH and NADP. The third phase is the cyclic photophosphorylation, which
I'm not sure what exactly is happening, but I'm guessing it's because your muscles are over-exerting themselves. 

When you get a hand or foot cramp, it's usually due to over-use of your muscles.  Your muscles are trying to do a lot of things at once.  If you're using your hands to hold a piece of paper, you're over-using them.  When you're working out, your body is trying to keep up with all the things it needs to do.  You're using the same muscles in your hands and feet at the same
Because they don't need it. 

They don't want to subsidize electric cars because it would be a drain on their budget.
Your eyes are made up of rods and cones. The rods are the ones that are used to detect light, and the cones are used for color. During the day, the rods are in the center of your eye, so they are more sensitive to bright light. The cones are in your back, and they are less sensitive to light.
If the Cold War went "hot" the world would be like this:

1. The US would have nuclear weapons.

2. The USSR would have a lot of nuclear weapons

3. The U.S. would have tons of nuclear warheads

4. The world would have lots of nuclear missiles

5. There would be a nuclear exchange of nukes

6. The entire world would fall apart

There would be nuclear war.
Alcohol is a chemical that binds to a bunch of receptors in your brain. These receptors are called acetylcholine receptors. When you drink alcohol, it binds to these receptors and makes them more sensitive to the alcohol.

When you drink a lot of alcohol, the acetaldehyde in your blood starts to build up in your body, and when you drink enough of it, it starts to bind to your brain's neurotransmitters, which is what makes it addictive.
In English, there are two grammatical gender distinctions: masculine and feminine. 

In Spanish, there is a third person singular pronoun, which is used to refer to the subject.

It is used with nouns that are masculine or feminine, and it is used for verbs that are feminine or masculine.
Splinters are tiny bits of wood or metal that are embedded in your skin. 

When you get a splinter, it's not like you're getting a piece of wood that is sticking out of your skin, but a tiny bit of metal or plastic that is embedded in the skin.

Your skin is made up of two layers of skin, the outer layer and the inner layer. The outer layer is called the superficial layer, and it's the layer that allows the skin to heal. The inner layer is the layer of skin that protects the skin from the outside layer.
Greece is a member of the Eurozone, which is a group of countries that share a common currency. 

The Eurozone is a bunch of countries who share the same currency (the Euro).  The Eurozone was created in order to prevent countries like Greece from defaulting on their debts.  The problem is that Greece has a lot of debt.  It's not just Greece, it's also Italy, Spain, Portugal, and the Czech Republic.  All of these countries have to pay the same amount of money to the European Central Bank (ECB), which is the central bank of the
Salinity is a measure of the amount of dissolved solids in the water. Salinity is determined by how much water is dissolved in it. The higher the salinity, the more solids there are in it, and the higher the concentration of solids. 

The reason the Atlantic Ocean has the highest salinity is because it is colder than the rest of the oceans, and because it has a lot of rain. The water in the Atlantic is constantly being evaporated by the Atlantic Stream, which carries water from the Indian Ocean to the North Atlantic.
It's not that artificial sweeteners are bad for you, it's just that they're not as good for you as natural sweeteners. 

Natural sweeteners have a lot more calories than artificial ones, so they're more likely to be used in beverages than food.

Non-nutritive sweeteners, on the other hand, don't have as many calories per serving as natural ones, and they're less likely to have as much sugar in them.
It's not that they don't sweat, it's that they sweat so much that they can't get rid of the excess water in their urine.
We already carry the bacteria and germs in our own mouths, but we don't transmit them through kissing as well. When we kiss, our saliva contains a lot of bacteria, but it takes only 10 seconds for the bacteria to pass from one person to the other.
It's not friction, it's convection. 

If you're talking about heat transfer, heat is a transfer of energy from one thing to another.  It's not transfer of kinetic energy as heat.  If you want to talk about convection, you have to think about it in terms of conduction, which is the transfer of heat from one part of the body to the other.

Convection is the movement of air.  When air is moving, it creates friction.  Friction causes heat to be transferred to the surrounding air, which causes it to cool off.
It's because your eyes are used to seeing the world around you, not the world in front of you. When you put on a VR headset, your eyes have to adjust to the fact that the world is moving, and your brain is used to looking at a fixed frame of reference, which is what you see on the screen. 

When you're in a virtual world, your brain has to adjust its perception of the world to the way your eyes see it. Your eyes are not used to the constant motion of your body, so when you put your head in a VR environment, you're looking at
We don't really get any nutritional value from foods that seemingly pass straight through us like seeds.

We do get a lot of vitamins and minerals from seeds, but they aren't as much as you might think. 

Seeds are not as much of a source of nutrients as they are of energy.  They are stored in the seeds of the plant, and the energy they contain is used by the plant to grow the seed.
It's not that they don't want to, it's that they're afraid that if they do, they'll lose customers.

In the US, there's a lot of competition, but it's not enough to drive down prices. 

The problem is that there are so many people who don't have health insurance that it's hard for them to compete with each other, and they're not willing to pay the same prices for the same services.
The price of gasoline is determined by the price of crude oil.  

Crude oil is priced in the spot market, which is where it's bought and sold.  The price of a barrel of oil is set by the people who own the rights to buy it.  They sell it to other oil companies, who then sell it at a higher price.  This is called the "spot market".

When oil prices change, it's because of supply and demand.

Supply and demand are two very different things.  There's a lot of demand for gasoline in the US,
It's because of the way that auto fill works.

When you fill out an email form, you enter the email address as a string of characters. 

If you don't have an email address in the form, it won't recognize it.  It's not a bug, it's a bug in the way the form is written.
Lip reading is a skill that is taught to people who have hearing loss. They are taught to watch the lips, tongue and jaw movements, to follow the stress and rhythm of language, to use their residual hearing, with or without hearing aids, to watch expression and body language, and use their ability to put two and two together.
Elections are not anonymous.

Elections have to be recorded on paper ballots, which can be hacked. 

Election officials are required to keep a list of all the votes that were cast, which they then use to tabulate the results.  This list is then publicly available to anyone who wants to see it.
I think it has to do with the way your feet are designed to walk. 

When you walk barefoot, you're not using your heel to strike the ground.  When you wear shoes, your heel strikes the ground first.  You're using your arch to strike it.  Your arch has a lot of support, so when you hit the ground with your heel, you are applying a lot more force to your arch than if you were walking without shoes.

Walking barefoot allows you to strike your heel first, so you don't have as much force to apply to your arches
They didn't. The Europeans didn't have any natural immunity to the diseases that the Indians had. 

They had to learn to live with them.
I think it's because they don't want to put themselves in a situation where they can't go back to the person who raped them.
Your phone is connected to your car's audio system via Bluetooth.

Your car's speakers are connected to the car's radio, and your phone is attached to the radio. 

When you talk on the phone, the radio is receiving the signal from your phone, and the speaker is receiving it from your car.
I think it has to do with the way the wires are wired. 

When you put your headphones in your pocket, you are using a thin wire that is very thin.  When you pull on it, it pulls on the other end of the wire.  This means that you are pulling on the ends of both ends of the cable, which is why they get tangled.
The debt ceiling is the amount of money the US government has to borrow to pay its bills. If Congress doesn't raise it by October 17th, the government will default on all of its obligations. 

If Congress does not raise the debt ceiling, the US will have to borrow money from other countries to pay off its debt.
It's not that North Korea is a threat, it's that the US is not a threat to North Korea. North Korea has been shown to be a threat and actively threatening the US, the US doesn't enact a preemptive strike.
When you stir it, you're breaking the bonds between the molecules in the liquid.  When the liquid reaches its freezing point, the bonds that bind the molecules closely together break, and the liquid changes to its gaseous state (unless superheating occurs).
Reinsurance is a way for an insurance company to offload some of their risk to another insurance company.  

Say you have a business that makes a lot of money.  If the business goes under, the insurance company is left with a loss.  The insurance company has to pay the loss to the other insurance company, and the other insurer has to cover the loss.

If the business doesn't do well, then the insurer can sell the business to another company, which will pay them back.  This is called "reinsurance".

In other words, if the business
Haiti and Dominican Republic are both part of the island of Hispaniola, which is located in the middle of the Caribbean Sea. 

Dominican Republic is a small country with a population of about 1.5 million people, while Haiti is a large country with about 6 million people.

The two countries have been at war with each other for hundreds of years.  They are both ruled by the Dominican Republic, but they are not the same country.
The Cosine Law is a law of thermodynamics. It states that the rate of change in temperature and pressure is proportional to the rate at which the three phases of a substance change. 

If you want to know how it works, you can look at the equation: _URL_0_

_URL_1_
Contract theory is the study of how economic actors can and do construct contractual arrangements, generally in the presence of asymmetric information. 

For example, if you have a contract that says that you are going to work for a company for a year, and you have to pay them a certain amount of money, but you don't know how much money you're going to get, so you can't contract on how much you'll get.

If you have an incomplete contract, that means that you're not going to pay the company any money at all, and they can't tell you how much they're
You can buy a 16GB flash drive for < $10 but 16GB of RAM costs almost $100.

RAM is not the same thing as flash. 

Flash is a storage medium.  It's not a storage device, it's a way to store data.  If you want to store a large amount of data, you need a lot of storage space.  You can store it on a flash drive, but you can't store it in the same way as you can on a hard drive.
It depends on what you're trying to do. 

If you want to create a website, you need to know how to use HTML, CSS, and PHP.

The easiest way to do this is to use a web server.  If you're not familiar with them, you can check out [here](_URL_0_).
Stainless steel is a mixture of different metals. 

It's made by combining different metals in a kiln.

The process is called [Alonizing](_URL_0_).

Aluminum and chromium are formed in the kiln, which is a process where they heat the metal up to a high enough temperature to form an alloys. The heat causes the aluminum to boil off, and the chromium to freeze, which forms the stainless steel.
Antibiotics are designed to kill bacteria, not humans.

Bacteria are capable of modifying the enzymes that make up their proteins to make them resistant to antibiotics. 

When we use antibiotics, we use them to kill the bacteria that are causing the infection, but we don't give them enough antibiotics to kill all of the bacteria.  We give them too many antibiotics, and some of them don't work as well as they should.
I think it's because it's easier to write with an 'R' in place of an 'A'.
It depends on the type of crime. 

Forfeiture is when a person is found guilty of a crime, usually for money laundering or drug trafficking.

If they are found guilty, they are put in jail for a long time, and the money is returned to the rightful owner.
It's not a normal electrical outlet, it's a transformer. 

A transformer is a device that creates a voltage between two metal plates.  When you plug a speaker into a normal outlet, the transformer creates a current between the metal plates, which causes the metal to vibrate.

When you plug the speaker into the transformer, the electricity is transferred to the metal plate, which vibrates.  The metal plate vibrates in response to the electric current.  This is how you get the sound.
The political situation in Wisconsin is a bit complicated, but I'll try to give you an idea of what's going on.

In Wisconsin, the state government is run by a Republican, and the state legislature is controlled by the Republican Party. 

Governor Scott Walker is a conservative, and he has been trying to restrict collective bargaining rights for public employees.  This is a big issue for the state, because the unions are a big part of the economy.  The unions have been bargaining with the state for years, and they are not getting paid for it.  They are being forced to pay
I'm not an expert, but I'll try my best to explain it.

There is a lot going on in the Middle East and Europe right now. 

First, there is a civil war in Syria.  There are a lot of different factions fighting for control of the country.  Some of these factions are fighting each other, some are fighting the government, and some are trying to overthrow the government.  This is a very complicated situation, but the short version is that there are lots of different groups of people trying to get to Europe, and they are coming from different parts of the world
Candy contains a lot of sugar, and the acid in it dissolves the enamel in your teeth, causing them to rot.
The R-500 cruise missile is designed to travel at supersonic speed.  This means that it has a high enough altitude to be detected by radar.  It's also designed to have a low enough range that it can be intercepted by ground-based anti-missile systems.

This means that the missile will be able to destroy any missile defense system that can detect it.  

The problem is that there are a lot of missile defense systems in the world.  They are designed to detect and track the missile, and if they detect it, they can shoot it down.  But
Reddit is a place for people to talk about everything. 

Fearsome is a subreddit for people who are afraid of the dark side of the internet.

It's basically a place where you can talk about anything you want to, and it's not filtered by any sort of filter, so you can say whatever you want.
Air dryers use a membrane of thin, thinly-coated, membrane fibers. The membrane acts like a dryer, but it's actually a vacuum cleaner. The air inside the membrane is compressed, and the dryer pushes the air out of the membrane. This causes the air to expand and dry out.

When the air is dry, it's not just the air that's being pushed out, but the air around it as well. It's the tiny droplets of water that make up the fog.
The Muslim Brotherhood is an organization that represents the Sunni Muslim community. It was founded in Egypt by Hassan Al-Banna in 1928. 

The Brotherhood's stated goal is to instill the Qur'an and sunnah as the "sole reference point for... ordering the life of the Muslim family, individual, community, community... and state".

It is also a political party.  It is the largest political party in the Arab world, and it is often the largest opposition party in many Arab nations.  The Brotherhood is also the largest Islamist party in Turkey.  They are the largest party in
Pigeons are very good at homing. They can fly from one place to another in a very short amount of time. 

You can train pigeons to fly back and forth, but it takes a lot of training.
It depends on the country. 

In the case of the United States, the US dollar was created in the late 1800s as a result of the Spanish-American War.

The US dollar started out as a bunch of coins that were minted by the US government, and the value of the coins were set by the government. The value of each coin was determined by the amount of money that was in circulation at the time, and then the government decided to print more coins.  This was done by printing more and more coins, and selling them at a higher and higher value.
It's not an afghan channel, it's a Turkish channel. 

The reason it's not a Turkic channel is because it doesn't have the rights to broadcast in Afghanistan.
Vemma is a scam. 

It's a scam because it's not a scam, it's a fraud.

The scam is that the scammer is using your credit card information to get you to give them money.  They use that money to pay for things that they don't actually need.  For example, if you have a credit card, they will use it to pay you for things you don't need, like a car, a house, or a car loan.  If you have an account with them, they'll use that credit card to pay them for things they don
Your eyes have three types of cones in the back of your eye. 

Your eyes can pick up a wide range of different wavelengths of light, and your brain can tell the difference between the different types of cone.

If you have one type of cone that is sensitive to red light, your brain will tell you that it's red, and if you have another type that's sensitive to green light, you'll tell your brain that's green.
Shock is when your body goes into a state of shock.

When you are stressed, your body releases a hormone called adrenaline. Adrenaline is a hormone that your body uses to fight off stress. When your body is in shock, it stops releasing adrenaline, and your heart stops beating. This causes your blood pressure to drop, which causes your body to stop producing oxygen, which leads to hypoxia.
The oil has a higher permittivity than the water, so the water will evaporate faster than the oil.
Tinfoil has a lot of chemicals in it that make your mouth feel like it's being crushed. 

When you chew on tinfoil, you're biting into a thin layer of the material, and those chemicals are released into your mouth.  These chemicals are called histamines, and they cause pain.
Hydrogen is an energy source, but it's not a renewable energy source. 

Hydrogen can be used as a fuel cell, but that's not really an alternative to fossil fuels.

Diesel is a fossil fuel.  It's a byproduct of refining crude oil.  Diesel is a product of the refining of crude oil, and it's very expensive.  Hydrogen is a by-product of the process of hydrogen being converted into syngas.  Syngas is produced by the reaction of hydrogen with oxygen in the atmosphere.  The problem with hydrogen is that it's
They don't.

Sound engineers use various electronic devices, such as equalizers and, since the 1990s, automatic feedback detection devices to prevent these unwanted squeals or screeching sounds, which detract from the audience's enjoyment of the event.
"Cherry picking" is a term used to describe an article that is overly sensationalized or sensationalized. 

For example:

_URL_0_

[Here's an example of cherry picking from an article: _URL_1_
Dentist records are kept by the dentist, not by the pathologist.

Dentists are not required to keep dental records, but they are required by law to do so.
I'm not sure what you mean by "good" from a technical standpoint. 

I think it's a matter of "how good" it is from a musical standpoint.

Musical technique is the ability of instrumental and vocal musicians to exert optimal control of their instruments or vocal cords to produce precise musical effects.  It's not about the technical aspect of the piece, it's about how well they know how to play it.
It's called [hyperhidrosis](_URL_0_) and it's caused by excessive sweating. 

Hyperhidrosis is a condition in which your body produces too much heat in your skin, which causes it to dry out.  This causes your skin to lose heat faster than it can replenish, and your body is unable to regulate the temperature of your extremities.

This is why people with hyperhidrosis tend to have cold hands and feet.
It's a combination of things. 

1. The size of the game, and the amount of space on the disc.

2. The ability to store more information on the disk, which means that the game can store more data.
3. The fact that it's a single disc, which allows the game to be played on multiple devices at the same time.
The Planck length is the length at which quantum zero oscillations of the gravitational field completely distort Euclidean geometry.

If you want to know how long it takes for a black hole to collapse into a blackhole, you need to know that it has to be at least twice the size of a normal black hole.
The deficit is not the mathematical integral of deficit. 

It's just a result of the way the government uses the word "deficit" to describe the amount of money it is spending.

If you have $1,000 this year and you owe the government $100,000 next year, the government will have to pay you $100 in taxes.  If you owe them $100 next year and they owe you $1000 in taxes, the deficit is $100.
I think it has to do with the fact that "xylophone" and "xenophobe" start with an X instead of a Z?
Your own voice is different than the sound that others hear. 

An impressionist can't do what they do because they're not trying to capture the sound of their own voice, they're trying to create an impression of it.
Non-GAAP earnings are calculated by subtracting the net income of the company from the company's net income before taxes. 

For example, if you have a company that makes $100,000,000 in revenue, and they make $100K in profit before taxes, they will report that as "net income".

However, if they have $500K in revenue after taxes, but they don't report it as "profit", they will say "profit before taxes". 



This is because they are reporting the profit before tax, and not the profit after tax.
I think it has to do with the way the word is pronounced. 

In English, "motorcycle" and "bicycle" come from the same root *motor* which means "to ride".

"Bicycle" comes from *bicycle* which is *bicycles* and "bike" is *riding*.

The suffixes are pronounced the same way, but the pronunciation is different.
It's because the testicles are located in an external pouch, which is slightly cooler than the rest of the body, so they need to be kept at a lower temperature to maintain optimal temperature.
I'm not sure what you're asking about, but I'll try to explain it. 

The brain is a collection of many different parts of the brain. There are many different types of neurons in the brain that are responsible for different functions, and some of them are specialized for specific tasks.

For example, the brain is divided into three main parts: the frontal lobe, the parietal lobe, and the occipital lobe. The frontal lobe is responsible for thinking, reasoning, and memory. The parietal cortex is also responsible for executive control, which is the part of your brain responsible for
Movies are made to entertain you.

Video games are made for you to play, not entertain others. 

Movies don't need to entertain people to make money, they need to make a profit.
You can pull straight forward into a tight parallel parking space, but you can't pull straight out of a tight perpendicular parking space.

The reason for this is because you need to drive in the direction perpendicular to the allowed path of motion of your rear wheels. 

When you pull into a parallel parking spot, you are driving in the opposite direction to the direction your rear tires are going, so you need more power to turn your car. 


If you reverse out of the space, you have to go in the same direction as your front wheels, which means you need a lot more power.
Your bladder has a sphincter in it that prevents urine from entering your urethra. When you ejaculate, the muscle in the urethral cavity is relaxed, allowing urine to pass through. 

When you are aroused, the muscles in your bladder contract, which causes you to have to pee.
It's called the [Leukocoria](_URL_0_). It's a reflex that happens when you're under the influence of cannabis. It causes your eyes to dilate, which causes them to look red.
Hair grows at a rate of about 1 to 1.5 cm a month, and so cross sections from different sections of the follicle can give estimates as to when a substance was ingested. 

Hair can tell you if someone has been using drugs for a long time, but it's not a 100% reliable way to tell if someone is using drugs.
The renminbi is not artificially undervalued, it is undervalued because it is being used to buy goods and services from other countries. 

For example, if you want to buy something in China, you have to pay a tax on it.  If you want something in the US, you need to pay taxes on it, and if you don't pay taxes, you can't buy it.

If you want a product in China that is cheap, you pay taxes.  So, if the price of that product is low, you get a tax cut.  But if it's high
I think it's a survival thing. 

If you're in captivity, you're not going to be able to do anything about it, so you're going to have to do what they tell you to do.
Herpes is a virus that can't be cured. 

There are a few ways to treat it, but none of them are 100% effective.

Herpes can be treated with antiviral drugs, but they can't cure it.
Doxxing is when someone finds out that someone has your information and posts it on the internet. 

It's usually done by someone who has access to your email address, phone number, etc.

If you don't have an email address or phone number then it's easy to get doxxed.
The Cayman Islands is a British Overseas Territory. 

The reason it is a "tax haven" is because it is part of the British Empire.  It was created by the British in the 17th century as a British protectorate.  The reason they are tax free is because of a story about a British Prince who was involved in a shipwreck of the north coast of Grand Cayman in 1794.  He declared that in gratitude for his help, he would never pay tax.  So the British decided to give it to him as a token of gratitude.
It would be a massive fireball.  It would be so big that it would blow up the atmosphere.  If you were in space, you'd be able to see it coming, but if you were on the ground, it would be too far away to see anything.
Dumbledore and Harry are in Kings Cross because Dumbledore is the headmaster of the school, and Harry is a student at Hogwarts. Dumbledore is a wizard, and he is the leader of the Order of the Phoenix. He is the one who is responsible for the Deathly Hallows, which is the last book in the series. 

In the first book, Dumbledore is trying to teach Harry how to be a good wizard. He tells him that he is going to teach him how to use his powers, and that he will be able to help him become a great wizard, but he will have to do it
Paracetamol is a non-opioid analgesic. It is not safe to take it in combination with other painkillers. 

Paracetaminophen is an NSAID, which is an anti-inflammatory drug. It works by inhibiting the production of acetylcholine, the chemical that causes pain. Acetaminophen and NSAIDs have different effects on different parts of the body, so they are not the same.

Ibuprofen and naproxen are NSAIDs, which are anti-inflammatories, and paracetamols are analgesics. They are
Humans are not the only species that don't physically look alike, but we are the only ones that are physically different from other species. 

The reason we are different is because we have evolved to be able to distinguish between ourselves and other animals.  We have different eyesight, different noses, different ears, different skin tone, and different skin texture.

We also have different brains.  Our brains are more complex than the brains of other animals, and we have more complex brains than other animals do.  This is what makes us different.
I think it has something to do with the pronunciation of "taunted" and "pushed".

"Taunted" sounds like "eD" because it's a vowel sound. "Pushed" is a consonant. "Taunted", on the other hand, is a vowels sound.
I think it has to do with the fact that when you sleep under a blanket, your body gets a lot of heat from the heat of the blanket. When you're not covered, you lose that heat and your body is cold, so when you're under the blanket, the heat is transferred to your skin, which is why you feel warmer.
It's called coronal rain. It occurs when hot plasma in the sun's corona cools and condenses in strong magnetic fields, usually associated with regions that produce solar flares.

When the sun gets hot enough, it cools enough that it starts to condense into droplets of water droplets. These droplets then fall to the ground.
Worms are attracted to water because it's easier for them to find food. 

When it rains, the worms are more likely to be washed away by the water.

They are also attracted to the water because they are less likely to get eaten by predators.
We can use the ISS as a base station, but it would require a huge amount of money and time. 

The ISS is a very expensive place to build a capsule.  It would take a lot of time, money, and resources to build it.

Also, it would be a lot more expensive than the Soyuz or the Russian Soyuz.
Bees don't like water. They don't want to drink it, they like to stay in their hives.

Bees are attracted to the water because it's cool. They like to lay their eggs in the water, and they like the water to cool them down. 

When they get into a pool, the water is too cold for them to lay eggs.
The ACT and SAT are administered by the College Board, which is a private company.  The College Board is a not-for-profit organization that is funded by the federal government.  They are run by the Department of Education, and they are funded by a group of private companies called the Association of Colleges and Universities (ACU).  They set the standards for the tests, which are determined by the colleges themselves.
All property is theft. 

It means that you can't take something from another person without their permission.

If the owner of the property has renounced all property rights in the object, then the property is abandoned.
Confidence intervals are a measure of how much uncertainty there is in an estimate of a given result. 

For example, if you're trying to estimate the effect of a change in the amount of ice cream in a glass of water, you can estimate that the ice cream will be less than 1/10th of an inch, but you're not sure how much ice cream you're going to get.

If you're looking at a graph, you might want to look at the confidence intervals of the graph, and see if you can figure out what the change in ice cream is going to be.
It's not a cancer warning, it's a health warning. 

Acrylamide is a carcinogen, and it's found in coffee beans.  It's a byproduct of the process of roasting the beans.
Paper records were lost. 

Most of the paper records were stored in the basement of the World Trade Center.  They were kept in storage units that were sealed in plastic containers.  The containers were filled with water, and the water was so deep inside that it was hard to get at them.

The other types of paper records that were lost were those that were stored on the upper floors of the WTC.  These were kept on the lower floors, and they were also stored in sealed containers that were not sealed.
We can tell so much from a person's face. 

It's not so much that we can tell what they look like, it's that we know what they are capable of doing, and how they are able to do it.
Torque steer is caused by the difference between the torque between the drive wheels and the steering column. 

The steering column is a piece of metal that is attached to the steering wheel.  When the wheel is turning, it has a spring in it.  The spring is pulling the wheel in one direction, and when it is pulled in the other direction, it pulls the wheel out of the way.  This causes the wheel to pull to one side.

When the wheel turns, the spring in the spring pushes the wheel back in the direction it was pulled in, which causes it to turn to
They are not allowed to travel there. 

Saudi Arabia does not recognize same-sex marriage.  They do not recognize it as a legal marriage.
Hormones stimulate growth in the areas of the muscles that they are used the most. 

If you have a hormone imbalance in the area of the muscle that you use the most, it's likely that you're using too much of the hormone in that area.
The US was in the middle of a depression in the 1930s. The Depression was caused by the Great Depression. 

During the Depression, there was a lot of speculation in the stock market.  The stock market crashed, and the economy was in a state of collapse.

In order to get out of the depression, the government had to control the price of goods and services.  This was done by rationing food, clothing, gasoline, and other items.  In order to keep prices stable, people had to buy bonds.  These bonds were sold to raise money for the war effort.
They use a motion picture camera with a sync shutter mechanism, which is a special type of camera that has a shutter speed that is synchronized to the shutter speed of the film. 

When the shutter is open, the camera moves through the film at the same speed as the camera, and when it is closed, it moves through at the speed of light.

This means that the film is moving at the rate of light, and the camera's shutter speed is the same as the film's speed.  This means that when the camera stops moving, the film stops moving as well.
I think it's because it's a reflex. 

Babies and young children suck their thumbs when they are hungry, because it helps them find their mother's nipple. It's also a way to soothe and comfort them.

_URL_0_
Solid state drives have a layer of indirection between the logical addresses used by computer systems to access data and the internal addresses that identify physical storage.  

When you have an external hard drive, you're using it to store data that is not stored on your hard drive.  If you have a solid state drive, it can be used to store information that is stored on the hard drive but not on the computer itself.  This means that you don't need to store the data on a hard drive that isn't connected to the computer.

If you're storing data on an SSD, you can
Mammals have evolved to be able to give birth to live babies.  

The placenta is a special organ that allows the fetus to stay in the mother's uterus for a long time.  It's a very important organ because it's the one that controls the heart, lungs, kidneys, digestive system, and other vital organs in the fetus.  When the fetus is born, it's not able to breathe, so it has to be carried out by the mother.  This means that the fetus has to stay inside the mother for a longer period of time, which means that it has
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm going to googled it and see what I can find. 

_URL_0_
It's not the cancer itself that kills you, it's the fact that the cancer has metastasized to other parts of the body. 

If you have cancer in your colon, it can spread to your liver, lymph nodes, lymphatic system, and lymphatic lymphatic vessels.  This is called metastasis, and it can be treated with chemotherapy, radiation therapy, or surgery.  If the cancer is removed, it will not spread to other organs, and if it is not removed, the cancer will spread to the lymph nodes and lymph nodes will not respond to treatment.

The cancer
The engine is not connected to the stationary part of the engine. It is connected in cascade to the two output ports of the main controller.
The Westboro Baptist Church is not legally mandated to cater to the event. 

They are a religious organization, not a business, and they have a First Amendment right to free speech.
They want to get you to think about what you would do if you had to choose between the two jobs. 

They want you to be able to answer the question "Would you rather work for a company that pays $100,000/year or $100K/year?" and then they want to know if you would be willing to work for $100k/year.
Russia's stock market crashed after the invasion of Georgia. 

Russia is a big oil producer, so they have a lot of money to spend on things like oil, gas, and other commodities.  The ruble is worth a lot more than it used to be, so when the ruble dropped, the price of those commodities went down.  This caused the value of the stock market to drop as well.
It's a myth. 

Santa doesn't climb down the chimney.  It's a legend.
Because 10-0-0 doesn't work. 

10-0 is a way to get the ball out of the hands of the other team.  It's a way for the ball to get out of their hands and into the goal.  If they don't have the ball, they can't get it back.

It's also a way of forcing the ball into the net.  The more goals you score, the more chances you have to score, and the more likely you are to get a penalty kick.
I think it has to do with the fact that when we eat sour things, our brains are telling us that it's bad and we should not eat it. 

When you eat sour food, your brain is telling you that it is bad and you shouldn't eat it, so your brain tells you to make a weird face.
RS-232 is still in use because it's a very reliable way to connect to other devices.  It's also a very low-cost way to send and receive data.  

The reason it's still being used is that it's very easy to use.  You don't need to buy an external USB to RS-232 converter, you just need to have a computer with one or more serial ports.
I'm not sure what you mean by "20+ gears".  

I think you're talking about a 20:1 mix of gears.

A 2-stroke single cylinder rotary disc valve induction, four gears, 4 gears, and a 1.5:1 ratio.  This means that if you have a 2 stroke engine, you can run it on 4 gears.  If you have an engine that has a 1 stroke, it can run on 5 gears, but if you want to run the engine on 20 gears, you have to run it in a 1:1 mixture.
Tears are a natural lubricant, but they do not have the lubricating qualities necessary to prevent dry eye. 

When you cry, your eyes are producing tears to lubricate the surface of your eye, which is why they sting when they dry out.
Sound is a wave, and light is a photon. 

Light can be stored as sound, but it's not the same as sound.

Sound is an electrical signal, light is an optical signal.  So if you want to store information in light, you need to store it as a wave.
Because perjury is not a crime, it is a violation of the 4th Amendment.

The 4th amendment protects the right to a fair and impartial trial. 

Perjury is a crime that can be committed by anyone, not just by a lawyer.  If a lawyer tries to get reduced sentences for their guilty clients, they are not guilty of perjury.  They are guilty of obstruction of justice.
It is illegal to use tear gas on enemy combatants, but not on civilians in the US.

The Geneva Conventions prohibit the use of chemical weapons in warfare.
It is claimed that exercise is better than taking antidepressants. 

There is a lot of conflicting evidence on this, but I'll try to explain it.

Depression is caused by a lack of serotonin in the brain, which is a neurotransmitter that is released by the brain when you are depressed.  It is believed that exercise increases the amount of serotonin, and this increases the brain's ability to release serotonin, which in turn increases the serotonin levels in your brain.  This is what causes you to feel better.  Exercise increases serotonin levels, which helps your brain release more serotonin.
It depends on the type of needle. 

When you inject a needle into your skin, the needle is in contact with the surface of the skin, not the surrounding tissue.  This means that the needle has to travel through a lot of tissue to get to the target.  If it's in a small area, it's not going to travel as far as it would if it were in a larger area.

If it is in a large area, then it's going to go through the entire surface of your skin.
The water in the vortex is still moving, but it's not moving as fast as it was before the vortex formed. 

The water is still in the center of the vortex, so it's still moving at the same rate as the rest of the water.
If you get more than one life sentence, it's called a whole life sentence. 

It means that you will be imprisoned for the rest of your natural life.
I think it has to do with the nature of their ideology. 

Boko Haram is a religious group, they are not a terrorist organization.  They are a religious organization that wants to impose their own version of Islam on the rest of the world.

ISIL, on the other hand, is a political organization, they want to impose a form of Islamic law on the entire world, and they are a part of the Syrian civil war.
It depends on the jurisdiction. 

In the United States, if you are sued for $100,000, you are entitled to $50,000 in damages.

If you are hit with a $500,000 fine, you're not entitled to any damages.
Yes. 

Your conscience would be split into two separate entities.  Your left brain would be responsible for interpreting the meaning of the world, and your right brain would interpret it's own thoughts and feelings.
Dirt is dirt. 

Dust is a type of dust.  It's not dirt, it's a bunch of tiny particles that are stuck to the surface of a surface.

If you have a piece of wood in your living room, you can't see it because it's covered in dust, but if you look at it from the outside, you'll see that the wood is covered in tiny little dust particles.  These tiny dust particles are called microorganisms.  Microorganisms are basically microscopic organisms that live in the air.  If you don't clean the wood, they can grow and
If you were born deaf, you wouldn't be thinking about language at all. You would be talking to yourself. 

If you are hearing, you would probably be talking about the world around you.
Guilt is a strong emotion because it is a conflict between your ego and your superego. 

When you do something wrong, your ego wants to punish you for it.  You want to punish yourself for it, but you don't want to hurt other people.  So you feel guilty for doing it, and it makes you want to do something about it.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I can give you an example.

When you train for crossfit, you do a lot of pushups and pullups. You do pushups on the floor, pullups on your bike, and push-ups on a bike. 

In order to do these things, you need to be able to push yourself up and down on the bike. If you're not able to do this, you're going to fall down.  If you are able to, you can push yourself off the bike and onto the ground, and if you're
Some people have problems with the parts of the human body required for human speech (vocal cords, lungs, trachea, esophagus, mouth, or tongue, etc.).

Some people are physically mute due to a defect in the brain that causes them to not be able to speak.

For example, if you are deaf, your brain has a part of the brain called the Broca's area that controls speech. This part is located in the left inferior frontal cortex of your brain and is responsible for the ability to understand language. If this part is damaged, it can cause you to be
I think it's because they're getting more expensive. 

The average cost of a 30-second commercial during the Super Bowl has ranged from $37,500 at Super Bowl I, to around $100,000 at this year's game.

It's also because the ads are getting less comical.
It's a combination of two sounds. 

When you say "gh" and "ph" together, you're combining two sounds that are different sounds.

You're combining the sounds of "gh", "ph", and "g" in the same word. 


The sound of "ggh" is the same sound as "ph".

"Ph" is a different sound than "gh". 


"gh" sounds like "ghgh" because it's the sound of a "ph."

It's the same as "ghah" in English, but
Carbon is the most abundant element in the periodic table.  It is also the second most abundant in the human body by mass after oxygen, and because most of its compounds are water-insoluble and because silicon dioxide is a hard and abrasive solid in contrast to carbon dioxide at temperatures associated with living things, it would be more difficult for organisms to extract carbon from the earth.

Carbon has a hexagonal crystalline structure (CN 3). It is a semimetal in the direction of its planes, with an electrical conductivity exceeding that of some metals, and behaves as a semiconductor.
The moon is illuminated by a lot of light from the sun. The earth's shadow blocks any direct light from striking the moon during a lunar eclipse, but some light is refracted through the Earth's atmosphere giving the moon a red hue.
Yes, we would be tasty if we were prepared properly. 

But we are not.

If we were properly prepared, we wouldn't taste as good as we do now.
I'm not sure what you're talking about. 

Income tax isn't taken out of all your paychecks.  It's deferred until you file your taxes.  If you don't file your tax return by the end of the year, the government can't take it out of your paycheck.
Radiation is both a cause and a treatment for cancer. 

Cancer is caused by mutations in the DNA of the cells that make up your body's DNA.

Radiation causes mutations in DNA because it causes it to break down, which causes the DNA to not be able to be repaired. 


Consequently, when you get cancer, the DNA in your body is damaged, and the DNA is no longer able to repair itself.  This is what causes the cancer to grow, and this is why radiation is used to treat it.
I'm not a sports fan, but I'll give it a shot.

Brady is the best quarterback in the history of the NFL. He's been the best QB in the NFL for the last 10 years, and he's had a lot of ups and downs. 

He's a great player, but he's also a terrible person.  He's a terrible teammate, he's a bad leader, he doesn't like to be around other players, and when he's on the field, he can be a dick.  When he's not playing well, he acts like a dick,
Dirt is made up of water droplets. 

Water droplets are very small, so they are very easy to pick up by the surface of the dirt.  When you have a pond or body of water, the water drops down into the water, and the water droplet falls into the soil.  The soil is very thin, so it can't absorb as much water as the water does.
It's important to get good grades because it shows that you are capable of learning and doing well in school. 

It's also important to show that you have a good understanding of the material and that you know how to do it.
I don't think you should believe the accuracy of any national poll, if you (or anybody you know) has never participated in any of them.

Opinion polls are not 100% accurate.  They have a margin of error, which means that they are not perfect, but they are accurate enough to be considered reliable.
It's called "Keiretsu". 

It's basically a system of loans that the government uses to encourage businesses to invest in other countries.

For example, after World War II, the Japanese government decided that they wanted to get rid of the zaibatsu, the monopolies that had been in place since the Meiji era.  They decided to create a new type of company that would be able to compete with the existing monopolies.  This was called the "Manchurian Industrial Development Company".

The idea was that the new company would have the ability to buy
The US Constitution was written by a group of people who were elected by the people of the United States.  They decided that the federal government should be divided into two branches: the executive and the legislative.  The executive branch of the government was to be the one that made laws, the legislative branch was to make laws, and the judicial branch to make decisions.  

The amendments were written by people who wanted to make sure that the executive branch didn't have too much power, and that the judicial power wasn't too much.  These amendments were put in place to prevent the Federal government from overreaching
Silicon is a very good conductor of electricity. 

It has a very low melting point, which means that it can withstand a lot of heat.

When you heat it up, you can get a lot more energy out of it than any other material.  This means that you can use it to make things like transistors, transistors that are very small, and transistors which are very high power.
It's not that they don't get any credit at all, it's that they're the primary artists. 

Avicii and David Guetta are primary artists even on their backing music, but they're not credited for writing the music.

They're credited as songwriters, producers, and musicians.  They're the ones who write the music, they're just the people who put the words down on the page.
English is the universal language.  It is the language of diplomacy, business, and communication.  

It is also the language that is used by people who are not native English speakers to communicate with each other.
Your body has a hormone called insulin. When you are obese, your body doesn't produce enough of it, so your body has to rely on your body's own insulin to do the work. 

Insulin is a hormone that your body uses to regulate glucose levels in your blood. When your body is obese, it doesn't have enough insulin, so it can't do its job properly.

When you eat too much, your blood sugar levels rise, and your body can no longer produce enough insulin to keep up with the amount of glucose in the blood. This is called type 2 diabetes.
It depends on what you mean by "muscle growth".

Muscles are made up of a bunch of different types of proteins. 

When you work out, your body breaks down the proteins that make up your muscles into smaller and smaller pieces.  These smaller pieces are called muscle fibers.  When you're done with a workout, your muscles start to atrophy.  This is when the proteins in your muscles stop working properly and start to degrade.

Your body has a process called anabolism, which is the process of breaking down the protein in your muscle fibers into smaller pieces and
DroidVPN is not a virus, it is a botnet. 

The botnet is a way for infected users to get access to information about other infected users.

When you download the botnet, you will see a list of all infected users and their IP addresses. If you click on one of those addresses, it will take you to a page where you can see all of the infected users' IP addresses and their addresses. 


If you want to see all the infected people's IP addresses, you can go to [this page](_URL_0_).

This page contains
Gizmodo has a reputation for being a place where you can find everything you need to know about the world of technology. 

Gawker is known for being the place to go if you want to find out about the latest tech news.

They are also known for having a lot of shit on their site.  They are known for publishing things that are not newsworthy.  For example, they publish a lot about the state of the art in the world, but they also publish things that aren't newsworthy at all.  This is why they are known as a place to find
There are a lot of different types of differential equations. 

1. General differential equations are used to describe the behavior of a system.

For example, if you have a ball falling through the air, you can calculate the velocity of the ball as the time value varies.  You can do this by multiplying the velocity by the speed of light.  This is known as the Newton's second law.  It says that if the ball is moving at a constant speed, it will fall at the same speed as the sun.  But if it's moving at different speeds, it'll fall at different
It doesn't.

It's not that the software knows that you spelled it wrong, it's that it doesn't know what you mean by "wrong" or "wrong".

If you type "the fog was dense" in a text editor, it will automatically correct the spelling, but it won't tell you that it's wrong.
It's because the video is stored on your computer, not on your phone.

When you watch a video on your mobile device, you're watching it on the computer, so the video has to go through the same process of downloading and loading as it does on your desktop.
It's not meant to be mean, it's meant to mean that the nice guys finish last. 

It's a way of saying that they are the ones who are the last to be eliminated from the game.

"The guy in the paper towel wrapper" is a reference to Fouts, Abraham Lincoln, and the guy who was the last man to be killed in the Civil War.
Freckles are caused by the sun's UV rays damaging your skin's pigments. Melanin is a pigment that protects your skin from UV rays. If you have freckles in places that never, ever get sun, it's because your skin doesn't produce enough melanin to protect you from the sun.
Gum trees in Australia have a lot of roots. The roots are very strong, but they are not strong enough to hold the tree upright. 

When the tree is dead, the roots can no longer support the weight of the tree, so the branches fall off.
Citibank is manipulating interest rates because they want to make a profit. 

If you're a regular person, you're not going to be able to get a decent return on your investment.  If you're an employee of a bank, you can't get a good return on the money you put into your bank account.  You're going to have to pay a lot of money to the bank for the privilege of being able to borrow money from them.  That's not a good deal for you.  It's not good for the company, it's bad for you, and it's
I think it has to do with the fact that politics is a game of showmanship. 

If you are a member of one party, and you are running for office, you want to win.  If you are an opponent of the other party, you don't want to lose.  You want to be able to win, and if you can't, then you're not going to get elected.

So, if you are in the opposition, you have to fight for your right to vote.  This means that you are not allowed to have a voice in the decision making process.
It's not a word, it's a sequence of syllables. 

The first syllable is the last syllable of the word.

So, Re, Fa, So, La, Ti, Do are the first syllables of a word.
There are a lot of factors that go into this.

1. The population of a region is growing, and as the population grows, the amount of land it needs to grow is increasing. 

2. The amount of people living in that area is increasing, which means that there is less land available for other people to live on.  
3. The area is becoming more and more populated, and this means that it is harder and harder for the people living there to get enough food to eat.  This means that they have less and less space to grow their crops, and so they
Deuterium oxide is an isotope of uranium that is fissile. 

Uranium is the stuff that makes up the nucleus of a nuclear bomb.

The problem with uranium is that it has a lot of neutrons in it, and when it fissions, the neutrons are released as fast neutrons which have much more speed and energy than neutrons of other isotopes of uranium, so they have to be slowed down until they reach a point where they can be used as a moderator. This means that they need to have a moderator to slow down the fast-moving neutrons so they can use them as a neutron moderator. They used heavy water because heavy water has a large amount of deuterium
It's not a single source of pressure, it's a shock wave.

Imagine you're standing in a room full of water. The water is pushing against the walls of the room, and the walls are pushing back against the water. 

When the water hits the walls, it pushes the water out of the way, causing the walls to collapse.
They don't. 

They use winches to lift the crane to the top of the tower.

The winches are attached to the crane and the crane is attached to winches.  The winches pull the crane up to the tower, and the winches push it up.
You can't advertise on sites that promote illegal behavior. 

You can advertise on legitimate websites that promote legitimate behavior.

If you advertise on a site that promotes illegal behavior, you're advertising to people who are doing illegal activity.
Genetic drift is the change of allele frequencies from one generation to the next due to stochastic effects of random sampling of gametes during sexual reproduction. 

Imagine you have a box of marbles.  Each marble has a different number of nucleotide bases in it.  If you take one of the marbles and place it on a table, you can see that it has different numbers of bases.  But if you take another marble and put it on the table, it will have the same number of bases, but it will look different.  This is genetic drift.

If you
Nirvana is the state of being completely free of desire. It is a state where there is no more desire, no more craving, and no more attachment to anything. 

In Buddhism, it is more than "destruction of desire", it is "the object of the knowledge" of the Buddhist path.
A reliable news source is someone who is willing to tell you the truth. 

A reliable source is a journalist who will tell you what they know.  They are willing to go to great lengths to verify what they are telling you.
Birthdays started out as a way for people to celebrate the fact that they were born. 

In ancient times, birthdays were a way to mark the end of the year.  It was a time when people would get together and celebrate their birthdays.

It's not clear when birthdays started becoming celebrated, but it seems to have started in the Middle Ages.  There are a lot of theories as to why it started, but I think it has something to do with the birth of Jesus.
It's not that black things get hot faster, it's that they absorb more heat. 

Think of it like this:

If you have a piece of metal, and you put it on a fire, it will get hotter and hotter as it heats up.

But if you put the metal on a table, and put it in a dark room, it won't get as hot as if it were on a bright table.  It's because it absorbs more heat, so it takes more energy to heat it up.
The pyramids were not built by slaves, they were built by skilled workers who camped near the pyramids and worked for a salary or as a form of tax payment (levy) until the construction was completed, pointing to workers' cemeteries discovered in 1990 by archaeologists Zahi Hawass and Mark Lehner.
Your body doesn't need to drink 0.5L/day of water to maintain its electrolyte balance. 

Your body needs between 1 and 7 litres of water per day to maintain normal electrolyte levels.
Your DNA is made up of a bunch of different strands of DNA. Each cell has a set number of copies of the same DNA. When a cell divides, it creates a new set of DNA, which is then used to make new DNA. 

When a cell dies, the old DNA is broken down and replaced with new DNA, and the new DNA is used to build a new cell.

This process is called the cell cycle.
The GFC was caused by the collapse of the housing market.

The housing market collapsed in 2008, and the housing bubble burst. 

In the early 2000s, the housing boom was a very big deal.  The housing market was a huge success.  It was one of the best performing sectors of the economy, and it was a big reason why the economy was doing so well.  In the late 2000s and early 2010s, a lot of people started to think that housing was going to collapse, and that the economy would not be able to keep up with the demand for housing.
Static code analysis is a way of looking at code and finding errors in it. 

For example, let's say you have a program that has a bunch of functions that do a lot of different things.  One of those functions is called _URL_0_.  When you run the program, the program checks if the code is valid.  If it's not, then it's a bug.

If it is, then you can use a static analysis tool like Inspector Eiffel to look at the code and see if it's broken or not.  This is a good way to find
There was a budget surplus in 1997, but it was not a balanced budget. 

The budget was balanced because Congress agreed to make cuts in entitlements and discretionary spending while enacting modest tax cuts.

In 1998, the budget was projected to be a surplus of $419 billion, but the budget deficit was $17.9 billion.
Synthetic motor oil is a lubricant that is made from vegetable oils and waxes. 

Natural gasoline is made of crude oil that is distilled and distilled and then chemically modified.

It's cheaper to make synthetic motor oil than it is to make natural gasoline.
Because the government doesn't want to pay for the unsold food to be distributed to the hungry.

It's not that they don't have the money, it's that they're afraid that if they did, they'd have to pay taxes on it.
Nicolas Cage is making a lot of money. 

He's getting paid a ton of money to make movies.  He's making movies that aren't good.  They're not even that bad.  It's just that he's not getting paid enough to make them good enough to justify the money.
They don't. 

The NFL is a business.  They don't want to pay big money for players who aren't going to make it.  It's a business, not a sport.  If you're going to be successful in the NFL, you need to be able to make a lot of money.  That means you have to be good at what you do.

It's not that they don't have the talent, it's just that they aren't getting paid enough.
It's called [Cervical Dystonia](_URL_0_). It's caused by a problem with the nerves in the brain that control muscle movement. It can be caused by muscle contractions, muscle spasms, or a combination of all of the above. 

It can also happen when you're doing a lot of weight lifting, lifting heavy weights, lifting weights, etc. Your body is trying to keep up with the weight of the weight, and your muscles are trying to maintain their balance. If you fall down and hit your head on the ground, it can cause your brain to
CEEFAX and TELETEXT worked before the internet.

Ceefax was the first system to use videotex, which was used by the BBC in the early 70s. 

Teletext was a teletext system that used a tape recorder to transmit information to a computer, which then sent it back to the TV station.
Nerves are made up of a bunch of cells called Schwann cells. When you cut a nerve, the Schwann cell that is responsible for sending the impulses down the nerve is damaged, and the rest of the cells that make up the nerve are damaged.

When a nerve is cut, the cells in the nerve that are responsible for conduction are damaged, so they can no longer do their job, and they die off. The cells that are left over are called endoneural fibroblasts. These are the ones that make the connections between the nerve and the surrounding tissue, and when they die,
It's called victim blaming. 

It's a form of self-blame.  It's the belief that the victim was doing something, acting a certain way, or wearing clothes that may have provoked the perpetrator, therefore making the transgressions against the victim their own fault.
I think it's because they don't want you to leave trash on the parking lot. 

It's a safety issue.

If you leave trash at a fast food resturant, it's not going to be picked up by the trash picker.
You can shave hair off an animal without killing it. 

The fur is made of keratin, which is a very strong fiber.  When you cut it off, it breaks down, and the keratin is replaced by keratin fibers, which are very strong and brittle.  This is why you can't kill animals by cutting off their fur.
Airlines don't want to raise prices to cover increased costs, they want to keep their prices low enough that they can sell more tickets at a lower price. 

Oil prices have been rising for a long time, but airlines have been able to pass on the increased costs to their customers.

Now that oil prices have gone up, airlines have to raise their prices in order to cover the increased cost of fuel.
You could, but it would require a lot more energy than the bucket of dirt would provide. 

You'd need to be able to get enough energy to run the generator for a long time, and you'd need a lot of water to do it.
Dogs have been domesticated by humans for a very long time, and have undergone rapid phenotypic change over the course of that time.

Cats, on the other hand, started out as wild cats and have been selectively bred for certain traits which lead to modern breeds.
Your body is made up of a bunch of cells. 

When you mess up, your body sends signals to your brain telling you that something is wrong, and your brain interprets these signals as nausea.

If you mess it up, you feel sick to your stomach because your body is telling your brain that you need to take a break.
We don't hate popular stuff because we don't like it, we hate it because it's popular.

Popularity is a social phenomenon. It's a way to get people to like something. 

It's also a way for companies to make money.  If they make a popular product, they can get a lot of people to buy it, and they can sell it for a lot more money than if they don't.
Your body has a lot of heat in it. 

Your skin has a huge capacity to absorb heat from the water, so it feels hot.

When you're in water, the water is evaporating, so your skin is losing heat faster than your body can absorb it, which is why you feel hot.
When you sleep, your brain shuts down the part of your brain responsible for converting short-term memories into long-term ones. When you wake up, the part responsible for storing memories is still functioning.
I think it's a way for people to get rid of unwanted Reddit gold. 

It's also a way to show that they care about the people who lost their accounts.
The inverted colors are to make the iPod appear brighter. 

When you flip the iPod, you are changing the color of the screen.  If you flip it back and forth, you're changing the colour of the display.  This makes it appear brighter, but also makes it seem darker.

The reason for this is that when you flip an iPod, the light from the screen is coming from one side of the device, and the light coming from the other.  So, if the light comes from the left side, it's coming from a different source, and if it comes from a source
The US is trying to get Assad out of power. 

Assad has been in power for a long time and has been doing a lot of bad things to his country.

He has been using chemical weapons against his own people, he has been supporting terrorist groups, and he has had the support of Russia and Iran.
Capacitors are a type of battery.  They store energy in the electrolyte, which is a liquid electrolyte.

Batteries store energy by electrochemical reactions.  

A capacitor is a device that has capacitance, which means that it can store a charge.  A supercapacitor is an electrolytic device, which stores a charge in a solid electrolyte and can be used to store energy.  It can also be used as a feed through capacitor, which acts as an input to a circuit.  The difference between a capacitor and a battery is that a super capacitor
I'm not sure what you mean by "convert people to the truth", but I think it's more like "convince them that the truth is the truth". 

If you want to convince someone that something is true, you have to convince them that it's true, and then you need to show them the evidence to back it up.

You have to explain it to them in such a way that they can understand it, and that they are willing to listen to it. 
You can do this by pointing out that the majority of people don't believe what you're saying, and
Yen is a currency that is used to exchange goods and services for dollars. 

When the yen is undervalued, it means that the dollar is worth less than the yen, which is good for the Japanese economy.

If the yen were to rise, it would make it harder for Japanese companies to sell their goods to the US, which would make them less competitive.
You can push Record, but it's not very easy to do. 

You have to connect the phone to the phone's SIM card and connect it to the network.  The SIM card has to be connected to the tower and the phone has to connect to the data network.

If you push Record you can't do it because the phone is not connected to any data network, so it can't send any data.
Dogs don't like dog food, they like dog treats.  They like treats because they are easier for them to eat.  If you feed them dog food then they will eat it, but if you give them dog treats then they won't eat it.
It takes 8 minutes for light to travel from the sun to the earth. 

The reason for this is that light has a finite speed and so does not travel instantaneously.

Light travels at the speed of light, but it travels at a finite distance.  The distance between the earth and the sun is about 22,000 km per second, which is about 10,000 times faster than the distance from the earth to the sun.
Paper bags were freely available prior to the ban. 

Plastic bags are not recyclable.

Paper bags are.
It's not that you're automatically registered to vote on the day of your 18th birthday with a valid driver's license, it's that you have to be 18 years old by the next election date to be eligible to vote. 

The reason it's not automatic is because it's a matter of state law, not federal law.
It's not so much the lighting as it is the ambient noise.

When you're shooting a scene, you're using a lot of light to illuminate the scene, and the light is bouncing off of the walls and other objects in the scene. The ambient noise is the result of the light bouncing off the walls.
The difference between client-server and p2p internet networks is that server-server is a network that connects to the internet.

A client is a computer that is connected to a server, and the server connects to a network. 

P2P is when two computers are connected to the same network, but they are not connected to each other.
Our stomach is a muscular structure, and it has a bunch of muscles in it. When you eat, the muscles in your stomach contract to move the food around, and when you digest it, they contract to push it out of the way. 

When you eat at different times of the day, your stomach has different muscles, and different types of peristalsis. When the muscles contract, they push the food out of your stomach, and they push it down the small intestine.

Your intestines have a pyloric sphincter, which prevents food from getting through, and a
Eating causes your body to release a hormone called ghrelin. Ghrelin is a hormone that makes you feel tired. 

When you eat, your body is trying to get rid of excess glucose (glucose) in your blood. When you don't have enough of it, you get tired.
They don't. They don't know. They just know that the car is going in the same direction as they are.
I think it's because it's a cultural thing. 

In the US, high schools have been around for a long time, and have always been very sports oriented.  In the early 1900s, there were a lot of boys who wanted to play football, so they started a football camp for them.  It was a way to get them into shape for the upcoming football season.

It was also a way for them to get the attention of the parents, who wanted their kids to be involved in sports.
I'm not an expert, but I can give you an idea of how it works. 

YouTube is a video sharing site.  It's a web page that's hosted on a server that's connected to the internet.  When you watch a video on YouTube, the video is sent to the server, and the server sends the video to your browser.  The video is then played on your computer, and your browser then plays the video on your phone.

When you watch the video, the server knows that you're watching a video, so it sends it to your computer.  If you
When you open the rear window, the air rushes out of the car and hits the glass. The glass is made of glass, and when the glass is broken, it causes the glass to vibrate. This vibrates the glass, which causes the air inside the car to be pushed out.

When the window is cracked, the sound waves bounce off the glass and bounce back into the car. This creates a "wah wah" sound.
I'm not a doctor, but I can tell you that wearing glasses not in your prescription doesn't really ruin your eyes. 

Your eyes are made up of a bunch of tiny little cells called keratinocytes.  When you wear glasses, you're changing the shape of your cornea, which is the part of your eye that makes up your vision.  The keratinocyte cells are the ones that make up your eyes, and when they're not in their correct shape, they start to tear.  This causes your eyes to dry out, which causes you to have blurry vision.

If
The colour catcher is a sheet of paper that absorbs the excess dyes from your clothes before they have time to transfer onto other clothes. 

It's basically like a sponge, but instead of having a sponge on top of the fabric, it has a layer of paper on the bottom of it.  The paper is so thin that it doesn't jam the inner workings of the washing machine, so it can't get stuck.
I think it has to do with the fact that TV shows tend to have a larger budget than movies. 

A lot of TV shows are made for cable, which means that they have a lot of money to spend on special effects and special effects.

Also, TV shows have a smaller budget, so they tend to be more violent and gory.
I don't know the answer to this, but I think it has something to do with the amount of money in a country's economy. 

In the US, the average income per year is about $1,000, and the average per month is $2,000.

So, if you have $10,000 per year, and you earn $10K per month, you're earning $1.5K per year.  But if you make $20,000 a year, you'll earn $2.5k per month.  That's a lot of money, and
Your GPS knows how to pronounce so many different street names.

It's not that it doesn't know how to, it just doesn't have the vocabulary to pronounce them all.
Pompeii was frozen in the middle of winter.  It was cold enough that the water was frozen solid, but not so cold that it froze solid enough that it would freeze solid.  

The people were frozen because they were standing on the surface of the water, not in the ice.  They were standing in the water because they had been standing in it for a long time.  The water was cold, but it was not cold enough to freeze them solid.
I don't know if you're talking about a PIN or a password, but I think it has to do with two factors.

PIN is a way for the card company to keep track of who has used the card and who hasn't. If someone were to steal your card, they would be able to use it to access your bank account. 

Password is an easy way for them to know who you are, so they don't need to worry about that.
Chili and Olive Garden are not very good. 

Chili is a chain because they have a lot of loyal customers, and because they are known for their good food.

Olive Garden is a restaurant because it is known for it's good food, because it has a reputation for being good.
If you put X amount of money on an account with an interest rate superior to 0, and given an infinite amount of time, the money will be in the account. 

If you don't have X amount in your account, and the interest rate is equal to zero, then you will not have any money in your bank account.
When you eat weed, you're burning it. 

When you heat it up, it activates the receptors in your brain that sense heat.  These receptors are called TRPV1 receptors.  They are sensitive to heat, and when they are exposed to high temperatures, they are activated.
We have evolved to be bipedal, which means that we need to be able to walk on all fours. This means that our brains are not fully developed yet, so we need more energy to support them.

We also have a shorter gestation period than other primates, which is why we have shorter gestation times. This allows us to give birth earlier in the pregnancy, which allows our brains to be fully developed before we have to leave the womb.
We can't store radioactive waste in space. 

We can store it underground, but it's not safe.  There's no way to store it in a place where it won't eventually leak.

There's also the issue of the amount of time it would take for the radioactive waste to reach the surface of the earth.  It would take a long time for it to get there.
It's because we are indoors more often during the winter, which means that we are in close contact more often with each other, and this promotes transmission from person to person. 

It's also because it's the start of the school year, meaning that people are spending more time indoors, which makes them more likely to get sick.
It's not so much that the euro is worth less than the dollar, it's more that the dollar is worth more than the euro. 

In the past, the dollar was worth more because of supply and demand, and the euro was worth less because of demand.

Now, because of the devaluation of the euro, there is less demand for the dollar and more supply of euros.
It's not that they don't want to reclaim those words, it's that they want to. 

"Faggot" and "queer" are two very different things.

The gay community reclaimed "faggot", but it's not the same as reclaiming "gay" or "lesbian".
It's not that there's no video of most of the Olympics, it's just that there are so many of them that it's impossible to find them.

There are a lot of different types of video, and they're all recorded in different ways. 

For example, the Olympics are filmed in high definition, which means that they're recorded at a higher resolution than the standard 1080p resolution that most people are used to seeing on TV, so they have to be filmed in higher resolution.  This means that it takes a lot more time and resources to get the footage onto the internet, and
Catfish is a reality show.  It's not real.  

It's a show about a guy who goes undercover and tries to find out who is cheating on his wife.  He goes undercover by pretending to be an undercover cop.  The wife doesn't believe him, so he goes on the hunt for the truth.  If he finds out who he is, he's going to expose them.

If he doesn't find them, then he's not going to go on the show.
There are two main types of dark matter: dark matter and dark energy. 

Dark matter is the stuff that we can't see.  It's the stuff we don't know about.  We know about it because we can see it in galaxies.  The problem is that there isn't enough dark matter to account for the high rate of rotation we see in galaxies, and we can only see it when we look at them from the surface of the galaxy.

Light travels at the speed of light.  If you look at a galaxy, you can see that it's moving at the same speed
They don't. 

They go under the ground, but they don't go much lower than the ground they're on.

If you're talking about massive amounts of rain, they go down to the bottom of the earth.
It would be impossible to sell it. 

It's a very rare piece of art, and it's extremely valuable.  It's not like you can sell it to anyone who doesn't already own it.

If you were to steal it, you'd have to prove that you were the one who stole it.
They use microphones to record the actors' voices. 

They use a microphone to record their vocal cords.

The microphones are connected to a speaker that is connected to an amplifier.  The amplifier has a microphone in it, and the speakers are wired to the speakers.  This allows the speakers to be connected to each other.  When the actors are speaking, they use the microphones to connect to the amplifier and the amplifier to the speaker.  They then use a speaker to amplify the sound.  If the speaker is too loud or too quiet, they can use a filter to make it so that
It was used as an antiknock agent. Lead is a naturally occurring element that is cheap in relation to its alternatives; because of this it can be used in many things. 

The problem is that lead is toxic to humans, so it was added to gasoline as a way to keep it from getting into the air.
It's because the front part of someone's hairline is usually the first to recede with age.  The back part of your head has more layers of hair.  When you get older, the hair on the back of the head starts to fall out.  This is called "hairline recession".  

_URL_0_
I think it's because your brain is telling your body that you are angry. 

When you're angry, your brain sends signals to your muscles that tell them to move blood to your limbs, which causes them to contract and contract.
They don't shut it down completely, they just stop updating the code.
Depression is caused by a lack of motivation or motivation. It can be caused by any number of things, but the most common are:

1. Stress

2. Lack of motivation

3. Loss of self-esteem

4. Increased anxiety

5. Increased risk of suicide

These are all things that can cause depression, but they can also be treated.
Because it's a tax deduction.

When you get a bonus, you don't have to pay taxes on the money you get. 

You do, however, have to withhold taxes on any income you make after taxes are deducted from your paycheck.  The amount of taxes withheld is based on both the amount wages paid on any paycheck and the period covered by the paycheck.
Penguins don't have wings. They have flippers. Their wings have evolved to become flippers, useless for flight in the air.

Puffins, on the other hand, have wings that can be used for swimming. They are the fastest underwater swimmers of all penguins, reaching speeds of up to 36 km/h (22 mph) in the water.
It's not that they hate reddit, it's that they don't know what they're talking about. 

There are a lot of subreddits on /r/srs that have been around for a long time, but they're not as popular as they used to be.  They're not popular enough to get the attention of the moderators, so they're left out of the spotlight.
I'm not sure, but I think it has to do with temperament. Some people are more sensitive to changes in the environment than others. 

Some people have a hard time sleeping through the night because their brains are used to waking up in the middle of the night.
It depends on what you mean by "healthy" and "unhealthy".

Sugars, carbs, vitamins, etc are all good for you, but they're not all bad for you.

Carbohydrates are good for your body because they're a source of energy. 

Vitamins and minerals are bad because they interfere with your body's ability to break down sugars into energy and vitamins and minerals.
The moon is a symbol of the moon, and the half moon is the moon's half-moon shape.
1 of each gives an odd number. 

2 odds gives an even number.

3 odds give an even, and 1 of each give an odd
It was recorded on film.  

They would film the first episode, then they would tape it and send it to the local station.  The local station would then send it back to the studio to be edited and re-recorded.

Then they would re-record the episode and send that to the network.
Google uses cookies on your computer to track your location. 

Google knows your IP address, your phone number, your email address, and your browser history.

If you don't want to be tracked, you can turn off Google's cookies, but if you do, they can still track you.
I think it has to do with the fact that clowns hide their faces, which makes them more frightening to children.
We know how many stars there are in our galaxy because we can see them. 

We can measure the distance to the center of the galaxy by measuring the distance of the stars in the galaxy.  This is called parallax.  If you look at a star, you can see that it appears to be moving away from you.  You can also measure how far away the star is from you, and then calculate the distance between the star and the center.

This is called redshift.  Redshift is caused by the expansion of space, which causes the light from the star to shift
The ringer doesn't vibrate, it vibrates to send a signal to the phone's diaphragm, which in turn sends a signal back to the receiver. 

The problem is that the phone doesn't have enough power to vibrate.  It has a very small amount of power, and it's not enough to make a difference.
Batteries are made of different materials. 

Alkaline and zinc-carbon batteries are more expensive to make than lithium-ion batteries.  They require more energy to store than other types of batteries.

Lithium ion batteries are cheaper to make, but they require a lot more power to store.  Lithium-ion has a higher voltage than alkaline batteries, which means that they require more current to store the energy.  This means that you need a larger capacity battery to keep up with the demand.  If you want to make a device that can store a lot of energy
Your facial hair is made up of different types of hair follicles.  The hair on your head is made of follicles called follicles, and the hair on the face is made out of cells that are made of keratin, which is a type of protein.  This protein is the same as the protein that makes your hair grow, but it's not as strong as the keratin on your face.  Your facial hair has more keratin in it, so it grows faster.

Your pubes, on the other hand, have more sebum (a type of fat) in them.
Saudi Arabia is the largest oil exporter in the world.  They are also the largest exporter of oil in the Middle East.  This means that they have a lot of influence in the region.
It's called "check kiting". 

It's basically when you take a receipt from a cashier and write down the amount of money on it, and then put it in the cash register.  You can do this because the cashier doesn't know the difference between cash and a check.  The cashier can't see the difference, so the check is written on the receipt.

If you take the receipt and write it down, you can use it as a barcode.  If you take it out of the register and put it on the counter, it will be scanned.
The founding fathers believed that the government should be limited to a limited number of people, and that the people should be able to choose who they want to serve in it. 

This is the basis of the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution.
It's not a moral argument, it's a cultural one. 

In the past, meat was considered to be bad for the body, so it was thought to be morally wrong to eat it.

Nowadays, we eat meat because it's cheap, nutritious, and we don't have to worry about the health effects of eating it.
It's possible to have heavy bones, but it's not the norm. 

Your bones are made up of a lot of different types of connective tissue.  Some are made of cartilage, some of which is made of bone, and some of it is called cartilage.  Cartilage is a type of soft tissue that helps support your bones.  It can be made of many different materials, but the most common are cartilage and collagen.

Cartilage is the soft part of the skeleton.  When you have cartilage in your bones, it helps keep your bones together.
Taste buds aren't all the same. 

Taste is a very subjective thing.  It's not something that can be explained in a scientific way, but it's something that we can understand.

There are a few things that can go into it:

1. Taste receptors.  Our taste receptors are located in our noses and taste buds.  They are sensitive to different things.  For example, if you have a taste receptor that is sensitive to salt, you will taste saltier foods.  If you have one that's sensitive to sugar, you'll taste sugar.
I think it's because it's a symbol of hope.

Yellow is the color of hope, and yellow is the colour of optimism.
I'm not sure what you mean by "planned parenthood".  Planned Parenthood is a non-profit organization that provides health care for women.  It's not a political organization, it's a health care organization.

There are a few things going on with Planned Parenthood:

1. They are being defunded by the federal government

2. Some states are trying to cut off federal funding to Planned Parenthood

3. They're trying to restrict access to birth control

4. They want to limit the number of women who can get abortions

5. They don't want to
Graphene is a 2D nanosheet with an extremely thin layer of carbon atoms arranged in a honeycomb lattice. 

It has a lot of properties that make it a good material for a variety of applications, but it is not as strong as other materials.

For example, it is very strong and has a very high surface area, which means that it can be used as an insulator, a material that can be applied to a wide variety of surfaces. 


It is also very thin, meaning that it is easy to make a thin sheet of it, and it is
It depends on the type of car.  

If you're talking about a regular car, it's not that it's expensive.  It's that you're buying it with the expectation that it will need to be fixed at some point in the future.  If you buy a new car, you're assuming it's going to be driven for a long time, and you're expecting it to be in good condition when you buy it.

But if you're thinking about a luxury car, like a sports car, or a sports utility vehicle (SUV), it's more likely that you'll
I think it has to do with the fact that most religions are left-wing. 

In the United States, for example, there are a lot of Christians who believe that the government should not be allowed to interfere with their religious beliefs.  They believe that it is the job of the government to protect the rights of the people, not the other way around.
Anxiety and panic attacks are caused by your body not being able to control your body's response to certain stimuli. 

For example, if you have a panic attack, your body is telling your brain that you are about to have a heart attack, and your heart starts beating faster and faster.  This causes your heart to beat faster, which causes your blood pressure to rise, which makes you feel like you are going to pass out.

Anxiety is caused by the fact that your brain doesn't know what is going on, so it can't regulate your body. This causes you to feel like
I think it's because video game players are used to playing with their hands in a way that pianists are not.  They are not used to using their hands to play the same way.

Pianists use their hands for a lot of different things.  For example, when they play piano, they use their left hand to hold the strings.  When they play video games, they are using their right hand to control the controls.  This means that their hands are being used in different ways, and their muscles are used differently.  

Video game players, on the other hand,
It works like this:

The phone has a chip in it that sends out a signal to the charger. The charger uses that signal to detect when the phone is in range of the chip, and connects it to the battery.

When the phone gets close enough to the chip that it recognizes the signal and starts charging.
Nail biting is part of the "fight or flight" response. When you are nervous, your body is trying to find a way to fight or run away from something. Your nails are the easiest way to do this.

When you are ticklish, your feet are the most sensitive to touch because they have a lot of nerve endings that are located there. This makes them the most ticklish.
I'm not an astrophotographer, but I can give you an idea of how they do it.

First, you have to take a picture of the sky, and then take a very wide angle photo of it. Then, you take a close up picture of it, and use a wide angle lens to focus the light on the stars. Then you take another picture, this time with a better lens, and focus it on those stars. 

Then, you use a special lens that focuses the light so that it hits the stars in the center of the picture.  This is called a [
Fever is caused by your body trying to regulate your core temperature. 

Your body's core temperature is regulated by the hypothalamus, which is the part of the brain that controls your body temperature.

When you have a fever, your body is trying to raise your temperature so that your body can regulate your blood pressure, which causes you to feel cold.
I think it's called [earworming](_URL_0_). 

It's a phenomenon that happens when a song gets stuck in your head for a long time, and your brain can't get rid of it.  It's like when you hear a song that you never heard before, but you keep hearing it over and over again.
The Jews have a right to Palestine because the British gave it to them as part of the Mandate for Palestine during the British Mandate.

The Native Americans don't get shit because they were not given the land by the British, they were given it by the US.
I think it has to do with the fact that they are strangers. 

When you see someone you don't know, you automatically assume they are a threat.  If you see a stranger, you assume they're a threat because they're not a member of your social circle.  You don't want to be in a situation where you have to interact with someone who isn't part of your group.  
 
If you're in an environment where you know someone is a threat, you might want to take a step back and think about what you're doing.  It's like if you
I'm not an expert, but I'll give it a shot. 

1. [ELI5](_URL_0_)

[Here's an ELI5 article on the subject: _URL_1_
Airlines don't want to be fixed and regulated.

They are a business, not a consumer.  They want to make money.  If they were regulated, they would be forced to compete with each other, and that would lead to higher prices.
Yes, it would get caught, but it would not be able to walk on the other spider's web. 

It's not that it can't walk on other spiders' webs, it's just that it's not strong enough to get caught.
Radio waves are electromagnetic waves with wavelengths in the electromagnetic spectrum longer than infrared light.  They travel at the speed of light in vacuum.  

When you hear a radio, you are hearing an oscillating electromagnetic field in the air.  This oscillating field is called a carrier wave.  The carrier wave is the wave that carries the information (modulation) through the air from the transmitter to the receiver.

Radio is used to transmit and receive information.  It is used for navigation, radar and other navigation systems, satellite communication, computer networks and innumerable other applications.
It depends on the type of sunburn. 

Sunburns are caused by exposure to UV rays, which are harmful to your skin.

If you are sunburned, it's because your skin is exposed to a lot of UV rays.  If you're sunburnt, you're not exposed to enough UV rays to cause damage, but if you're exposed to too much UV rays you're likely to develop skin cancer.
Your feet are covered in a layer of epidermis, which is a thin layer of skin that has a very high thermal conductivity. 

This means that it conducts heat better than the rest of your body, so when it's cold, it's easier for your body to transfer heat from your feet to the air around you.

When it's hot, your body needs to cool itself down by evaporating water from your skin, so your feet have a lot of water in them.
Sunrise and sunset are not the same time. 

Sunrise is when the sun is at its highest point on the analemma, and sunset is when it is close to the western horizon.

If you live in the middle latitudes of the world, the Sun is at the lowest point on this axis, and the sun sets at the highest point.  If you live at the farthest point from the equator, you will see the sun set earlier.  This is because you are at the solstice, which is the point at which the Earth's axis of rotation is tilted to
The cup is a unit of volume, not weight. 

It's easier to measure volume than weight.
The hot air has a higher density than the cooler air above it. The difference in density causes the light to bounce off of the hot air, making it appear "wavy".
We don't know for certain, but we do know that the Chicxulub impact was massive. 

We know that there was a lot of dust in the air at the time of the impact, and we know that it was hot enough to kill everything in its path.

The theory is that the dust was so hot that it melted the bones of the dinosaurs, and that's what caused them to die out.
It's a two-chamber system. The President is elected directly by the popular vote. The House of Representatives elects the Speaker of the House, and the Senate elects Senators.

The President is chosen by a plurality of votes. 

In the case of the Senate, there are two seats up for election every other year.  The President and the Vice-President are elected by a majority of the Senators.  If the Senate has a tie, the Vice President is the President.  In this case, the President is not the President, but the President Pro Tempore, who is
The surface tension of the liquid causes it to cling to the walls of the container. 

If you're talking about water droplets, they are attracted to the surface of the glass because they have a higher surface tension than the liquid itself.
The eggs that we eat are the eggs that come from the hen's oviduct. 

The yolk is the outer layer of the egg that contains the yolk, which is the liquid substance that keeps the egg from drying out.

Brown eggs are the yolks that come out of the hen, which are white.
It's not that they wouldn't make more money if they released it for as many platforms as possible from the start, it's just that they don't want to. 

If they were to release it for all platforms at the same time, then they'd have to pay the developers more money to make a game for all of them.
The difference between cheap alcohol and expensive alcohol is the price of the alcohol itself. 

The price of a bottle of vodka is determined by the amount of alcohol it contains, not by the quality of the vodka itself.
I think it has to do with the fact that if you start at the start, you're starting at the end of the maze, and you're not starting from the start. 

If you start from the end, you'll have to go all the way back to the start to find the way to the end.
Saddam Hussein was the leader of the Ba'ath Party, a political party that ruled Iraq from the late 70s to the early 90s. He was a corrupt dictator who was known for using his power to enrich himself and his family. 

He was also known for his use of weapons of mass destruction, which led to the invasion of Kuwait in 1990 and the subsequent invasion of Iraq in 2003.
Your eyes are still developing. They are not fully developed yet, so they don't have all the information they need to be able to see clearly. 

When you are young, the cells in your eye that control your vision are still growing and developing, so you don't need glasses or contacts until you are older.
When you pour beer into a glass, the liquid in the middle of the glass rises to the surface.  When you tilt the glass, it pushes the liquid back down to the bottom.  This causes the liquid to stay in the same place in the glass as it was before you poured it into it.

When you stir the liquid, it breaks up any large bubbles that might form, and the stirring itself creates bubbles.
It's not that they are against birth control, it's that they don't want women to be able to get birth control.
It's called the "soap opera effect". 

When you watch a soap opera on TV, you're seeing a lot of different things happening at the same time.  If you look at a single frame of a show, you can tell that it's on because it looks like it's being filmed at a certain frame rate.  Soap operas are filmed at 60 frames per second, which means that if you watch them for a few minutes, you'll notice that they're shooting at a higher frame rate than other shows.  This is because they're using a lot more frames, so they
It's not that they don't want to, it's just that they can't afford to live there. 

The Bay Area is a very expensive place to live.  You have to pay a lot of money to live here.  If you want to live in the Bay Area, you have to have a job that pays $100k a year or more.  That's a lot to pay for.

It's also not that it's a bad place to work.  There are plenty of great jobs in the area, but it's not the kind of place where you can afford to
The government is not meant to represent the people's interests.

It is meant to serve the people. 

The government exists to protect the interests of the people, not to represent special interests.
It's not the water itself that smells, it's the bacteria in the water.

When you drink a lot of water, your body breaks down the chemicals in it and releases them into the air, which is what makes it smell.
I think it has to do with gender roles. 

Men tend to put more importance on sex than women in relationships.  They are more likely to be attracted to women who are more sexually attractive.  Women tend to be more attracted to men who are less physically attractive.
Fight Club is a book about a group of people who are in love with each other, and they are forced to fight each other in order to prove their love for each other. 

In the beginning, they are in a small town in the middle of nowhere, and there is a lot of hostility between them.  They are forced by the townspeople to fight one another to prove that they love each other and are willing to do whatever it takes to prove it.

This is the first time I've read Fight Club, and I'm not sure how much I understand it, but I can
I'm not sure what you mean by "your own voice". I'm not deaf, but I've heard that deaf people can hear their own voice, but not their own inner monologue.
I'm not sure what you mean by "all the guns". 

If you mean all the guns that are currently legal in the US, they will be confiscated by the federal government.  The federal government has the authority to take guns from private owners, and they will confiscate them.

The problem is that there are a lot of guns out there that are not legal for private ownership.  
 
If they were to be banned, there would be a huge increase in the number of illegal guns on the streets, and the government would be able to confiscate those guns.
IGMP snooping is when a switch sends out IP packets that are not in any range allocated or delegated by the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA) or a regional registry. 

When you connect to a network, the IP packets are sent to and from a number of different places, and the IP addresses are assigned to each of those places.

The IP addresses assigned to these places are called IPs, and they are used to send and receive data.  If you send an IP packet from one IP address to another, it will be routed to the IP address assigned to the other
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it's a good question. 

It's been a while since I've read the book, so I can't comment on the details of the writing process, but it sounds like it's been written by someone who knows a lot about writing.

I think it was written by a guy named Robert Kirkman, who is the creator of the Star Trek universe.  He wrote the first book in the series, which was published in the early 90s.  The second book was written in the late 90s, and the third book
Dinosaurs didn't end with the asteroid, they ended with the extinction of all life on Earth. 

The extinction of the dinosaurs was caused by the Chicxulub Crater.  It was a huge meteorite that smashed into the earth, creating a crater.  The crater was so big that it wiped out all the dinosaurs.
It's called [Aniseikonia](_URL_0_) and it's caused by a change in the way light passes through your eyes.

Your eyes are made up of a bunch of little rods and cones that are connected to the back of your eye. When you wear glasses, your eyes are trying to focus the light from the front of your eyes onto the back, but the light is coming from the back. This causes a circle of confusion on your retina, which causes the light to pass through your eye and cause your vision to be distorted. 

When you wear new glasses,
When light hits an object, it bounces off of it, and reflects back to your eyes. 

When it is wet, the light bounces off the surface of the object, and bounces back to the eye.

Your eyes can't see the light bouncing off of the surface, but they can see the color bouncing off the object itself.
It's called cavitation. 

When you blow air out of the exhaust, it pushes the fuel/air mixture ahead of the spark plug, causing it to expand.  This expands the combustion chamber, causing the fuel to ignite.  When the fuel ignites, the pressure in the chamber rises, causing a shock wave which travels through the chamber, with its sudden pressure rise causing an audible knocking sound.

This is why you hear the "choo-choo choofa" sound.
Coca Cola was a very popular drink in the US during WW2. 

During the war, the Allies wanted to sell Fanta to the soldiers who were sent to fight the Nazis.

The Nazis didn't want Fanta because they thought it was a Nazi symbol.  They wanted Coke because it was an American product.  Fanta was a German product, so they wanted it to be sold to the troops.
A web server is a computer that connects to the internet. 

When you go to a website, you have to connect to the server.

The server is the computer that receives all the requests from the web browser and sends them back to you.
It's called a peristalsis. It's a reflex that causes your throat muscles to contract, which causes the drug to get stuck in your throat.
I think it has to do with evolution.

Animals have evolved to be able to see in the dark, so they need to have two eyes in order to see through the dark. 

If you look at a picture of a cat, you can see that it has two eyes on the back of its head, and one on the front, so that it can see the light coming from the sun.
The letter C comes from the Latin alphabet. 

It was originally used to transcribe the so-called sonus medius (a short vowel before labial consonants) in Latin, which was not a native sound of Latin and was usually pronounced /u/ or /i/ in earlier Greek.

The Romans decided to add a new letter to the alphabet to replace it, so that it would be easier to read.  The new letter was called [C](_URL_0_) and was used to write Latin words that were pronounced with a short vowel.
It's not that they are against gay marriage, it's that they don't want to be seen as supporting it. 

If they were, they'd be forced to say that they support gay marriage.
It's not that people hate Microsoft, it's that they are a monopoly. 

Microsoft has been in business for a long time, and has been doing a lot of bad things to other companies in the past.

For example, in the 90s, they tried to monopolize the PC market by bundling their operating system into Windows XP.  This was illegal, and they were found guilty of antitrust violations.  They were fined and forced to pay a huge amount of money to settle the case.  It was a huge blow to Microsoft's reputation, and it's still a sore spot for
The satnav knows where a traffic jam is because it has a database of all the traffic jams that have happened in the past. 

It's not that it knows where the jam is, it just knows that there are a lot of them.

If you're driving down the highway, and there's an accident, the satnav will be able to tell you where the accident is, and if there are more accidents, it will tell you to take a detour.
Titanic was not just a shipwreck. It was a story. 

It was the first book written about the sinking of a ship.  It was written in the early 1900s, but it was not until 1955 that the first historically accurate book – A Night to Remember – was published.  The book was a huge success, and it became the basis for a number of other books, movies, TV shows, etc.
You can become a citizen of the United States if you have lived in the US for at least 10 years. 

If you are born in a foreign country, you can be granted citizenship by the US government, but you have to prove that you have been living in the U.S. for less than 10 years in order to be eligible for citizenship.

You don't have to be a citizen for 10 years to become eligible, but if you were born in another country and have lived there for more than ten years, you are eligible.
Aspirin inhibits platelet aggregation and formation of blood clots. 

Rye's syndrome is caused by a lack of platelets in the blood, which is a condition where the platelets are too small to be able to carry out their function properly.

Aspirins are anti-platelet agents, which means that they block platelets from being able to do their job properly.
I'm not sure what you mean by "cold turkey" but it's a colloquial term for "unassisted" quitting. 

It's a term used to refer to any attempt to quit smoking without any assistance from a doctor or social worker.  It's used to mean that you go cold turkey and stop smoking immediately, but it doesn't mean you stop cold turkey, it means that you stop smoking completely.

If you're trying to stop smoking cold turkey you're probably not going to be able to stick it out for a long time.  If you want to quit cold turkey it
The roughness of the towel makes it easier for the water to evaporate off your skin. The softness makes it harder for the moisture to escape, so it doesn't evaporate as well.
It's not that they collide, it's that they're too close to each other to collide. 

A tree branch has a knot in the trunk of the trunk that keeps the smaller branch attached to the larger branch.  The knot is not strong enough to hold the two branches together, so they don't collide.
They use a tape recorder to record what was said in court. They then use a typewriter to type it out.
I think it has to do with the fact that cannabis is a psychoactive substance. 

When you are high, your brain releases endocannabinoids, which are the chemicals that make you feel high.  When you stop using cannabis, the endocannibins in your brain stop working properly, and your brain is left with less of them.  This is why you feel tired, sleepy, and hungry.
Masks don't work like that.  They work like this:

You put a piece of clothing on your face, and then you put a mask on top of it.  You put the mask on over the clothing, and it covers your entire face.  It doesn't do anything to protect your eyes or mouth, but it does protect your nose and mouth.

When you put on a mask, you're covering your eyes and mouth, and you're not covering your nose or mouth.
It's not really an issue, it's just a way to keep the dust out of the game. 

When you blow on the cartridges, you're blowing into the cartridge, which causes the dust to settle on the surface of the disk, which makes it harder for the game to play.

It's also easier to clean the cartridges than to disassemble them.
It's not a bad idea.  It's a good idea.

The problem is that a flat tax is regressive, which means that it's regressive at higher income levels (as consumption falls as a percentage of income) and progressive at lower income levels.  

In other words, if you're making $100,000 a year, you're not going to be taxed at 100% of your income.  If you're earning $100 million a year and you're taxed at 50% of that, you'll be taxed 50%.  That's a huge difference, and it's
The prize pool is huge.  

If you win $100,000 in a tournament, you get $50,000.  You get $10,000 for winning the tournament.  If you win the $500,000, you'll get $25,000 and you get to keep the $50k.

But if you lose $100k, you lose the $25k.  That's a lot of money to lose.
I think it has to do with the fact that when we pull funny faces, our brains are still learning how to communicate with each other. When we do it, it's a way for us to communicate that we are happy or sad or scared or excited or whatever. 

It's also a way to show that we care about them and want them to know they are loved.
It's not a hate group, it's a political group.  BLM is a political organization.  

Black Lives Matter (BLM) is a group of people who believe that the federal government is discriminating against black people.  They believe that they are being oppressed by the government because they are black, and that the government is not doing enough to help them.  This is not true.  The government is doing a lot of things to help black people, but they are not helping them.
Yes, you can print a 3d printer. 

It's called fused deposition modeling.  It's a process where you take a 3D model of a piece of plastic and make it into a solid shape.  The plastic is then printed on top of the plastic, and the plastic is glued to the plastic.  This is called "fused deposition modeling".

There are a lot of different methods of 3d printing, but the basic idea is the same.  You take a model of the object you want to print, and you make a layer of plastic over it.  Then you
We sweat because our bodies need to cool down. When we take a hot shower, our bodies are trying to regulate the temperature of the water in our bodies. This causes our sweat glands to become more active, which means that we sweat more. 

When we step out of the shower, the water evaporates from our skin, leaving us with a lot of water on our skin. This evaporates into the air, which we exhale. This is what you smell when you step out.
We don't. 

We can, but we don't know enough about the weather to accurately predict it.

There are a lot of variables that affect the weather, but the most important ones are temperature, humidity, wind speed, cloudiness, and surface winds.  These are all variables that we know about, but not all of them are well understood.  We don't really know how the weather is going to change in the future, so we can't accurately predict how it will change.
Carbonated water is a mixture of water and carbon dioxide. When you pour carbonated water into a glass, the carbon dioxide is dissolved in the water, but the water is still a liquid, so it doesn't form a foam.
Heisenberg's uncertainty principle is just a theory at the moment. We have observed it, but we don't know what it means. 

We know that we can measure the position and momentum of a particle at the same time, but if we increase the precision in measuring one quantity, we are forced to increase the accuracy in measuring the other.

The uncertainty principle says that if we know the position of the particle at any given time, we can't know the momentum of that particle at that same time. It's not a theory, it's a fact.
It depends on what you mean by "being served". 

If you mean "served" in the sense that you're being served by someone else, then yes, you are being served.

However, if you mean served by a government official, then no, you're not being served, because the government is not allowed to serve you.  The government has no authority to do that.
The colors of the rainbow are based on the seven spectral colors of red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, and violet that compose the visible light spectrum. 

The reason it's called the "rainbow" is because it's a metaphor for the seven chakras (chakras) in the human body, which are the chakra that are located in the center of the brain.
The hundredths of a cent is the hundredth part of a dollar.

It's because it's the tenth part of the dollar. 

If you want to know how much a dollar is worth, you need to divide it by 10.
Stem cell research is not illegal in the United States, but it is illegal in a number of other countries. 

In the US, it is legal to use embryonic stem cells, but not to use them for research purposes.
The US women's soccer team is the best in the world.

It's not that they're the best, it's that they are the best at every other sport.
It's not about the alcohol, it's about the people who live there. 

In Nevada County, there are a lot of people who don't want to sell alcohol, so they voted to remain "dry".
Bipartisanship has become a thing of the past.

In the past, the two parties worked together to find common ground on issues that were important to both parties. 

Now, the parties are working against each other, and they are not working together at all.
I think it has something to do with the fact that babies are so small. 

Dolls are small, so they are easy to hold and cuddle, and they are small enough to fit in the palm of your hand.
Your heart rate is regulated by your diaphragm (the part of your heart that controls your heart rate). When you exercise, your heart is pumping blood from your heart to your muscles. When you take a drug, your body releases adrenaline, which causes the heart to pump more blood to your skeletal muscles. 

When you do cardio, the heart is not pumping as much blood as it normally does, so your heart has to work harder to pump the same amount of blood to the same parts of your body as it would if you did cardio. This means that your body has to use more energy to
HIV does not prevent rejection, but it does make it more likely that the recipient's immune system will reject the transplanted organ.
Gas is a liquid. 

Petroleum is a solid substance.  It's not a liquid, it's a gas.

In the United States, we call it "petrol" because that's what it is.  In Europe, we use the term "autogas" because it's the name of the gas that's used in autogas, which is a type of liquefied petroleum gas.
I'm not sure what you're talking about. 

There are a lot of things that are allowed to exist on Reddit, but the main reason they are allowed is because it's a place for people to talk about things they don't agree with.

For example, there are subreddits like /r/jailbait, which is a subreddit for people who don't want to be in jail, but don't really want to go to jail because they're not going to be able to get a job, and there are other subreddits that are just for the sake of being a place where people can
It's not that America is more racist to African-Americans than other minorities (asians, Hispanics), it's that the US has a history of slavery. 

The US was founded on the idea that black people were inferior to white people because they were not able to work as hard as white people, and because of this, they were treated as inferior.
I'm not sure what you mean by "corrupt". 

There are a lot of people who are against renewable energy because they believe that it is a waste of money.

Solar energy is not a waste.  It is a source of energy that can be used to power homes and businesses.  The problem is that the cost of solar energy is so high that it's not worth it.  If you want to make money from it, you need to be able to sell it to other people.  You can't do that if you don't have the money to pay for it.
It's not true. 

Bourbon, Irish whiskey, etc are aged in oak barrels for a long time before being bottled.  It's the same reason you can't drink it on the rocks.  The alcohol in the whiskey is bonded to the wood and the oak gives it its distinctive flavor.  If you put it in a glass of water and let it sit for a few days, it will start to oxidize and lose its flavor.

The same is true of other whiskeys.  They are also aged in barrels for long periods of time, which is why they have a
When you turn the ignition key, the car's electrical system shuts off the engine.  When the car is running, the engine is connected to the powertrain, which is the wheels, drive shafts and gearbox.  This means that when you turn off the ignition, you are disconnecting power from the engine, which means that the car can't start. 

The car's steering wheel is designed to withstand a force of 100Nm applied to the steering wheel without failing.
No, they don't feel vibrations as different sounds if it is loud enough. 

If you are deaf, you can't hear the vibrations because your cochlea (the part of your ear that controls your hearing) is damaged.  If you are not deaf, your brain can't tell the difference between the sound waves coming from one ear and coming from the other.
It's a matter of personal safety and public safety. 

It's not illegal for an employer to drug test their employees, but it is illegal for them to force them to take a drug test if they don't want to.
It's called the [lilac chaser effect](_URL_0_).

When you stare at something for a long time, your brain gets used to seeing it as a single color, and your eyes start to adjust to it. When you stop looking at it, it's like looking at a blank wall.
Oscillators are a type of oscillator. 

A simple example would be a ring modulator.  It's a circuit that takes a signal and converts it into a waveform.  The waveform can be any number of different things.  For example, if you want to make an oscillator that makes a pulse, you can use a resonator, which is a device that takes an input signal and turns it into an oscillating waveform, which you can then convert into a pulse.

If you want a more complex oscillator, you could use something like this:
I think it has to do with the fact that calico cats tend to have a darker coloration than other cats. 

_URL_0_
When you cut a grape in half and put it in the microwave for 10 seconds it shoots out balls of plasma. 

It's called induction plasma.

When you put a grape into the microwave, it heats it up to a very high temperature.  This causes the plasma to expand.  When it expands, the electrons in the plasma are attracted to each other, and they start to attract each other in such a way that they start moving in a straight line.  The electrons are attracted by each other so that they are attracted towards the center of the plasma, which is the point where the plasma
They don't. 

They have sensors in the front and rear of the car that detect when they are in a lane.  They also have sensors on the wheels that detect if they are going too fast or too slow.  These sensors can also detect when other cars are in the same lane as the car they're in.  If they see a car in the lane ahead of them, the car will automatically slow down to a safe speed.

If the car is in the opposite lane from the car in front of it, it will slow down.  This is because the car's sensors are
We can, but it's not economically viable. 

Fossil fuel is a very expensive fuel to produce.  It takes a lot of energy to turn it into usable fuel, and it requires a lot more energy to process it into a usable fuel than it does to burn it.

It's also a waste of energy.  If we were to harness the vaporized fossil fuel from engine exhaust and use it again, we'd have to build a new engine, which would require a huge amount of money.  We don't want to do that.
Tasmanian Devils are not birds, they are mammals. They are part of the order Caniforms, which is a group of mammals.

They are carnivores, not birds.
Ukraine is a small country with a lot of natural gas reserves.  

If Russia stopped all exports to the EU, it would mean that Ukraine would have to import all of its gas from Russia, which would be a huge loss for the EU.
The LD50 is a measure of how much of a substance you need to kill 50% of the population before it becomes toxic. 

For example, if you give a person 50 milligrams of cocaine, 50% will kill them.

If you give the same amount of cocaine to 100 people, 100% of them will die.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it's because you're asking the wrong question. 

If you're looking for an answer to a question, you can go to /r/askreddit and type in the question you want to ask, and get a list of answers.  But if you're just looking for a question to answer, you're going to end up with a bunch of people asking the same questions.
Fruit is the edible part of a plant.

Vegetable is the part of the plant that is not edible. 

Spices are the edible parts of a vegetable.  They are used for flavoring and garnishing food, medicinal purposes, or for fragrances.
You are going to be bad at video games when you become a senior, but you will be able to maintain the abilities you have now. 

There are a lot of factors that go into this, but the most important one is that your brain is still developing.

When you are a kid, you are still learning how to use your brain.  When you become an adult, your brain has a lot more time to develop.  Your brain is not as young as it was when you were a kid.  It has a long way to go before you can play video games the same way you
Flash is a fire hazard. It can cause a lot of damage to the art. 

It can also distract people from the art, which is why it's not allowed.
Nuclear reactors work by using highly enriched uranium (U-235), which is a highly unstable isotope of uranium. 

When you put it in a reactor, you're burning a bunch of uranium, which is highly enriched.  This means that it contains a lot of U-235, which makes it very difficult for the reactor to produce enough energy to power the ship.
International Soccer Leagues and how they are simila/different to american style sports leagues. 

In the USA, there are a lot of different leagues, and they are organized in different ways.

The Premier League in England is the top level of the pyramid, which is the highest level of professional soccer in the world.  It is run by the Football Association of England (FAE), which is a governing body for the sport.  The English Premier League is the second-highest level of soccer in England, and is run in a similar way to Major League Baseball.  There are also
We can. 

We can build more satellites, but we can't build them all at the same time.

There are a lot of things we can do to reduce the amount of space junk we have, but it's not going to be enough to prevent all of it from falling to earth.
The third wave of feminism was a period in the 1990s and early 2000s. It was the time of the Me Too movement.

It was a time when women were more vocal about sexual harassment, violence against women, and other issues that were important to them. 

Third wave feminism was also the time when feminism became more consumerist and consumerist, and it was the period of time where women were less interested in getting involved in politics and more interested in the economy.
A lot of it has to do with perception. 

When you look at a picture of a person, you can tell them apart by their facial features.  You can tell that they have two eyes, a nose, a mouth, hair, and a mouth.  But when you see a caricature, you don't see those things.  What you see are the details of the person's face.

A caricaturist is able to use this to his advantage.  They can draw a person with the same facial features as the person they're trying to represent, but with the details removed.
It's called a [referred itch](_URL_0_). It's caused by a chemical reaction in your skin called [LSC. It causes your skin to release chemicals that irritate your skin, which causes it to itch. 

When you scratch, these chemicals are released, which makes your skin feel better.
It's because the aluminum foil has a cavity. 

When you bite into aluminum foil, you're biting into a thin layer of aluminum oxide, which has a higher melting point than the rest of the foil.  This means that the aluminum oxide is more likely to react with your skin, which is why it hurts.
Lasers are not mirror coated.  

Lasers can't be defeated by mirror coated missiles.  They can be destroyed by radar.

Radar works by bouncing off of the missile and bouncing it back to the ground.  A laser can't do that.
I'm not sure what you're talking about. 

There are a lot of things going on in Africa, but I'll try to keep it simple:

1. There is a huge amount of land that is not being used for agriculture.  Most of Africa is semi-arid, which means that there is not enough rain to grow crops.

2. There are lots of people who live in the middle of the continent, and they are not getting enough food.  This means that they have to eat more food than they can produce.  If they don't eat enough food,
Core strength is the strength of the muscles in your core.  It is the area of your body that controls your core that is used to support your weight.  When you lift a heavy weight, you are using your core muscles to support the weight.

When you lift heavy weights, you're also using the muscles that control your core to push the weight down.  This means that your core is stronger than your upper body, which means that you can lift more weight.
Your body is going through a cycle of sleep and wakefulness. When you fall asleep, your brain is in REM sleep, which is a stage of sleep where your muscles are active and you can't control them. You wake up from REM sleep because your brain thinks you're falling out of a tree and you need to catch yourself.
It's called a "lock" or "lock".

When an application freezes, it's not because it's unresponsive. It's because the program is trying to do something, but it can't do it. 

For example, if you're trying to open a new window, the program might be trying to save a file, but the program can't find the file, so it freezes.

It's also possible that the program has a bug in the code that causes it to freeze, and it doesn't know how to fix it.
The Electoral College ensures that the winner of the popular vote is decided by a majority of the states. 

It also prevents a candidate from winning the presidency by simply winning in heavily populated urban areas, and pushes candidates to make a wider geographic appeal than they would if they simply had to win the national popular vote.
Hydrogen is the lightest element in the universe. It is also the least dense of all the elements, so it is very difficult to collect.
I think it's because they don't know what the salary range is.  

They don't want you to think that they're paying you $100,000 for a job that pays $50,000.
Banks are not creating imaginary money.

They are lending money out of thin air.  They are creating reserves, which are the money they have in their bank account.  When they lend money out, they are using that money to pay interest on the loan.  The money they are creating is not imaginary money, it is real money.  

If you have a $100,000 mortgage and $10,000 in your offset savings account, the difference between the two accounts is the difference in the amount of money you owe the bank.  If you lend the bank $1000, they
If a country at war commits a war crime, they will be prosecuted under international law.

If they are found guilty of war crimes, they can be tried in the International Criminal Court (ICC), which is the highest court in the world.
It's not the wifi itself that's slow, it's the network. 

Your router is connected to a network of other devices that are connected to the same network, so if the wifi is slow, the router is trying to connect to all the other devices on that network.

When you restart the router, the wifi will start up again, but it won't be able to connect all the devices on the network at the same time, so it will take a while for the wifi to get back up to speed.
Conduction and valence bands occur because electrons are attracted to each other. 

If you think about it like this, say you have a piece of paper with a hole in the middle of it.  If you take the paper and put it on a table, you can see that the hole is moving in one direction, and the electrons are moving in the other direction.  This is called conduction.

Valence bands are caused by the electrons being attracted to other electrons.  When you put the paper on the table, the electrons move in the direction of the hole, and when you put
I don't roll in my sleep at all. I just do it when I fall asleep. I don't know why.
I think it has to do with the fact that older games are written in a different language than newer games. 

When you're porting a game from one platform to another, you have to make sure that the code is compatible with the language that the game is being ported to.

For example, if you're making a game for the PC, you need to know how to make the game work on the PC and how to translate it to the console, so you can make sure it's compatible with both languages. 


When a game is ported to another platform, you don't need
It depends on the company. 

If you bought stock early in a company, you are entitled to a portion of the value of the company's stock at the time of its initial public offering (IPO).  If you own shares of that IPO, you were given the amount of POP$ that the IPO was worth for each share you owned.  If the IPO didn't go well and the company didn't raise enough money to pay you back, then you will not be entitled to any of that POP$.

However, if you own stock after the IPO, the company is entitled to the
The innocence of children, animals, mentally disabled people, et al, and other vulnerable people causes us to react in the same way we do when we see a predator. 

When we are young, we don't understand the concept of danger. We don't know what it means to be in danger, we just know that it means that we are in danger. When we are older, we learn about danger, and we learn to recognize it. We learn about it because we have been exposed to it.

In the case of animals, we are exposed to danger because we are used to seeing them
We don't develop a tolerance to sex/masturbation because we don't want to. We don't have a tolerance for it because it's not something we want to do.
Yes, it would pull you sideways, but it would be because of gravity. 

If you were standing on a perfectly flat platform which would be is so massive that it would extend into space, the Earth's gravity would push you sideways.

However, if you are standing on the ground, you would be pulling against the earth's gravity, not the other way around.
The surveyor is using a telescope to measure the level of the ground. The telescope is mounted on a tripod, and the telescope can freely rotate 360° in a horizontal plane. The surveyor adjusts the instrument's level by coarse adjustment of the tripod legs and fine adjustment using three precision levelling screws on the instrument to make the rotational plane horizontal.
Your body needs to cool itself down. When it's 100°F/37°C outside, your body is trying to get rid of the heat from your body. When the water is above that temperature, it's trying to cool down.

When the water of your shower meets or is even above the temperature of the outside air, it cools your body down.
Our cosmic insignificance is due to the fact that we are the center of the universe. 

If you look at the universe as a whole, you will notice that there are galaxies, stars, planets, galaxies, and galaxies.  You will also notice that the universe is expanding faster than you can keep track of it.

The reason for this is because the universe has been expanding for a very long time, and it is expanding so fast that you can't keep up with the speed of the expansion.  This is why we can see galaxies and stars, but we can't see other galaxies
I think it has to do with the fact that you're not consciously remembering to do it. 

When you're a child, you learn to do things in a certain order.  You know how to open doors, turn off lights, screw caps back on perishable items without knowing you are doing it.

But when you're an adult, you don't learn those things.  Your brain doesn't have that same automatic system in place, so you have to consciously remember to do them.
I think it's because the ice machine has to constantly churn the ice. 

When the ice is churned, it's constantly pushing the ice against the inner wall of the canister, which causes it to expand and contract.  This causes the ice crystals to form, which makes it smell like rancid.
The power lines interrupt the signals of AM radio stations because they interfere with the signals coming from the antenna. 

The antenna is a very small piece of equipment.  It's designed to be able to pick up the signal from the transmitter and send it to the receiver.  The power lines can interfere with this.

If the power lines are too close to the antenna, the antenna can pick up some of the signal, but not all of it.  If they are too far away, the signal will bounce off the antenna and bounce back to the transmitter.  This is called crosstalk
A signature is proof that the person who signed it has read and approved the contents of the document and is willing to take the chance of being bound by the terms therein.
The US is the largest military power in the world, and the Philippines is the second largest economy in Asia after China. 

The Philippines is also one of the most stable and stable countries in the region, with a stable government and a stable economy.

It is also the only country in Asia that has a functioning democracy, and is a member of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN), which is a group of countries that are part of the ASEAN.
It's not that they aren't respected, it's that they don't get enough attention. 

There's a lot of money to be made in making horror movies, but they're not as well known as other genres.

It's also not that horror movies aren't good, they're just not as good as other film genres.
I think it's because they're trying to get people to watch more videos at 60fps.  

It used to be that if you wanted to watch a video at 30fps, you'd have to convert it to 24p.  Now, if you want to watch it at 60 fps, you'll need to convert the video into 24p, and then convert it back to 30fps.
Fruits and vegetables are grown by hand. They are not grown in the same way that meat is grown. 

They are grown on a much larger scale, and are far more expensive.

The reason they are more expensive is because they have to be grown by a lot more people, and because they are grown in a lot of different places, and have to go through much more rigorous testing to ensure they are safe to eat.
Wax is the result of a chemical reaction between water and oxygen.  

When the wax is hot, it expands.  When it cools down, it becomes denser.  This makes it easier for the oxygen to escape the wax, so it becomes more dense.  The more dense it gets, the more it expands, and the more oxygen it can escape.
I'm not sure what you mean by "promoting their own products/brand". 

Google has been doing this for a long time.  It's not illegal in the US, but in the EU it is illegal.  The reason they are doing it is because they have a monopoly on the search engine market.  They are not allowed to use their own search engine to promote their own product/brand, they are allowed to do it because they are a monopoly.

The reason they have been doing it in the past is because it's illegal for a company to promote its own products or brand
Your body has a circadian rhythm.  It's a cycle of waking up and going to sleep at different times.  When you go to sleep earlier, your body is trying to get used to the fact that you're going to be awake for a longer period of time.

When you sleep later, you're not getting used to it.  Your body is still trying to adjust to it's new schedule.  If you're used to waking up at the same time every day, it's going to take a while for your body to adjust.
I'm not sure what you mean by reverse mortages. 

A reverse mortage is when a person is killed by another person, usually by accident.

For example, if you are hit by a car, and the person who hit you is not wearing a seatbelt, you are not going to be hit by the car, but by the person driving the car. If the car hits you, you will be hit in the back of the head, and you will not be able to get out of the car until the car stops moving. 


If the car doesn't hit you,
Dogs like to play with things that they can chew on. They like to chew on things that are soft and easy to chew. They also like to eat things that can't be chewed on.

So they de-stuff their toys.
It's not that the plug is designed to supply the correct amount of power, it's that it's designed to connect to the right type of device. 

If you plug in a plug that's not designed for the right voltage, it won't be able to supply enough power to power the device.

The problem is that if you plug the plug in the wrong way, you'll end up with a short circuit.  If you plug it in the right way, it will supply the right amount of current to the device, but if it's plugged in the other way, the device won't
When you open the windows, the air in the car is pushed out of the car by the wind. 

When you close them, the wind pushes the air back into the car.

This causes the air inside the car to move around, and the air outside the car gets pushed back in.  This is called the "chop-chop" effect.  It's caused by the car's air intake opening and closing.
The gills are made of a series of slits that allow water to pass through them. 

When you take a breath, the gills push water out of the way, and the water is pulled back in through the slits.

The water is then pushed back in by the muscles in your gills, which then push the water back out through the openings in your lungs.  This is called the [exhalant siphon](_URL_0_).

Oxygen is the gas that comes out of your lungs when you exhale.
The pre-frontal cortex is at the very front of the brain.  It's the part of your brain that controls the motor cortex, which controls voluntary movements of your body parts.

The parietal lobe is in the middle of each cerebral hemisphere and is the part that controls voluntary movement of your head.
I think it has to do with the fact that the taste buds get used to a certain type of food over time. When you eat something for the first time, you're used to it and it's taste buds become accustomed to it. If you keep eating it for a long time, your taste buds start to adjust to the new taste buds and you start to notice that it doesn't taste as good as it did when you first tried it.
Your innards are filled with mucous membranes. When you poop, the mucous membrane is stretched, which causes inflammation and pain.
Yes. 

We can.

The problem is that we don't know how much we're going to be able to make homes cheaper.  We don't really know what materials are going to cost, or how much labor will cost, and how much energy will cost.  There are a lot of things that we can do to reduce the cost of materials, but there are also things we can't do.
You can. 

Imagine you have a camera with a lens that has a focal length of 50mm.  If you take a picture of something at a certain distance, and put it in front of the camera, you can see it from a distance of 50m.  But if you take another picture of the same thing at a different distance, you'll see that it's not as far away.

You can do this with lenses, but it's a bit more complicated than that.  You need to be able to measure the distance between the camera and the object you're trying to capture.
OPEC is a group of oil producing countries. 

Saudi Arabia is the leader of the group.  They are trying to keep the price of oil at $100/barrel, which is the highest it has ever been.

The other members of OPEC are not so much trying to cut production, but trying to raise the price.  The reason they are not doing so is because they don't want to lose their market share.  If they do so, they will have to pay more for their oil, which means that they will not be able to sell as much as they would if they
Basketballs are made of plastic, and the air in them is spread out in a way that makes it easier for the ball to hit the basket. 

The air in the basketball is also spread out more evenly from side to side, which allows the air to get into the basket better.
The amount of cancers in the world has always existed. 

Cancer is caused by mutations in the DNA of the cells that make up the body.

We don't know the cause of all cancers, but we do know that there are a lot of things that can cause cancer.  For example, we know that some cancers are caused by genetic mutations.  We also know that certain cancers can be caused by a variety of things, but not all of them.
It's not linguistically correct to say "his voice is monotone." 

It's just a way of saying "he has a monotonous voice".

_URL_0_
KFC has a lot of fat in it. 

The fat in KFC is mostly polyunsaturated fatty acids, which are the same type of fats that your hair is made of.

When you eat KFC, you're basically eating a bunch of fatty acids that your body doesn't have access to.  These fatty acids are stored in your hair follicles, and when they are exposed to water, they start breaking down and releasing chemicals that cause your hair to become oily.
The first few seconds after the detonation of a nuclear bomb are called the "fizzle". 

The fizzle is when the fissioning material in the core of the bomb breaks apart, and the resulting debris is released into the air.

When the fissile material is broken apart, the energy released by it is absorbed by the surrounding air, which is what causes the fizzle.
It's a combination of things.

1. The casinos have been losing money for a long time. 

2. The state has been trying to get more money out of the casinos, but the casinos have not been able to make enough money to pay off their debts.
The Enron scandal is about a bunch of people who made a lot of money by manipulating the accounting of the company's books. 

The company was a very large oil and gas company.  They had a very complex business model where they would sell oil and natural gas to other companies and then sell it back to them at a lower price.  This was called "mark-to-model" or "mark to model".

When the oil price dropped, the company had to sell the oil to other oil companies.  The problem was that they didn't have enough money to pay back the oil
It's not rocket science, it's rocket science. 

SpaceX was founded by a bunch of people who had a lot of experience in rocket science and engineering, and they were able to use that experience to build a rocket that was cheaper and more reliable than any other rocket in the world.

They started out with a very small rocket, and used the knowledge they learned from NASA and other rocket companies to build their own rocket. They also used that knowledge to build the rocket itself, which was a lot cheaper than building a new rocket from scratch.
Trading Places is about a guy who is trying to sell stock on the stock market.  

He's trying to make a lot of money, but he's not very good at it.  He's not making much money, so he decides to sell his stock to a friend of his.  The friend tells him that if he sells his stock, he's going to have to pay him back.  So he tells him to go to the bank and ask for a loan.  If he doesn't get the loan, he'll have to sell the stock to someone else.

The bank
Gift cards are a way for businesses to get rid of unused credit cards.  They are often used by people who don't want to pay cash for a gift, but want to get it back.  If they don't have the money to pay for the card, they can use it as a way to get the money back.
Nuclear reactors work by fissioning uranium. 

Uranium-235 is a highly unstable isotope of uranium-235.  When it fissions, it releases a lot of neutrons.  These neutrons cause the water in the reactor to boil, which causes the water to evaporate.  This is what causes the steam generator to spin.  The steam is used to generate electricity.

When the reactor reaches criticality, it shuts down.  That's the point at which the reactor can no longer produce enough energy to power the generators.  It's called criticality because
Vitamins are water soluble and fat soluble. 

When you eat, your body breaks down the vitamins into water soluble vitamins, which are absorbed by your digestive tract. When you drink them, they are broken down into fat soluble vitamins which your body then excretes.
Yes, it will form. 

It's just a matter of time.

There are a lot of Native Americans living in the US, but they're not as many as there used to be, so it's going to take a while for it to form.
Calories are burned when your muscles contract and contract. 

When you are climbing stairs, your muscles are contracting and contracting, and your body releases heat.  This is the same reason you burn calories when you run, your body is trying to get rid of excess calories.
I think it's because it's a cultural thing. 

When you're telling directions, you're trying to get the attention of the person you're talking to.  You're also trying to make sure they understand what you're saying.  It's a way to get their attention.
It's not the data itself that costs so much, it's the fact that the phone has to be connected to the internet.  

When you use data on your phone, you're using it to send and receive data.  You're also using the phone to connect to the Internet.  The internet is a very big thing, and it takes a lot of bandwidth to do so.  It's not just the data that's used, but it's also the bandwidth used to transmit the data.

If you're talking about the amount of data your phone uses, it depends on where you
The New York Times doesn't lose money every year. 

It's a business.  It's a media company.  They make a lot of money.

They have a huge staff of writers, photographers, editors, writers, etc.  And they have a large amount of money to spend on advertising.  So they don't have to worry about losing money.
They don't make money from advertising.  

They get paid for the time it takes to produce a show.  They pay the people who make the show to produce it, and they pay the actors and crew to make it.

It's not the only source of income for them, but it's the most common.  Most cable networks also generate income from advertising, although most basic cable channels also receive subscription fees, which are the majority of their income.
The progression of medical shock from initiation to death. 

1. The brain is damaged.

2. The blood vessels in the brain are constricted, which causes the brain to stop functioning.
3. The heart stops pumping blood.
4. The body stops producing oxygen.
5. The lungs stop producing oxygen, and the heart stops working.
6. The kidneys stop working, which leads to a loss of blood flow to the brain, which is what causes the heart to stop working.
I think it's because the vacuum is always on, even if it's not on.  It's just a way for the animal to get used to it.  If the vacuum isn't on, they don't like it.
I think it has to do with the fact that black is the color of dust. Black is the colour of dirt, so it's easier to see in the dark.
Solar power is not efficient. 

It's not efficient because it uses a lot of energy to produce the same amount of power per square meter of surface area as it takes in.

Solar panels are made of photovoltaic cells, which are made up of a bunch of tiny solar cells.  These cells have a high energy density, which means that they produce a lot more energy than the amount of energy they take in.
Eating too much is bad for your body. 

When you are undernourished, your body uses the proteins in your body as a fuel source.  When you eat too much, your muscles atrophy and your body stops using the proteins as fuel.  This is why you feel hungry, but your body doesn't want to eat.  It wants to use the energy it has stored in your muscles to repair itself.

If you eat enough, you will be able to repair your muscles, but if you don't eat enough your muscles will atrophy.  Your body will start to
Fried rice is a side dish. White rice is the main course.

White rice has a lot of moisture in it, so it cooks faster than fried rice.
Different types of alcohol have different effects on different parts of your brain. 

Alcohol is a depressant, so it messes with your brain's ability to process information.

When you drink a lot of alcohol, your brain has to process it in a different way.  Your brain can't process it the same way as it does when you drink less alcohol.  It has to go through different chemical reactions in your brain to get the alcohol out of your system.  When you drink too much alcohol, the alcohol in your system is metabolized by your liver into acetaldehyde, which is a
I'm not sure what you mean by "unqualified in education". I'm not a teacher, but I am a high school teacher. 

If you are unqualified, you can't homeschool your children.  You need to be certified as a teacher.

You need to have at least a bachelor's degree in education.  If you don't have a master's degree, you're not qualified to teach.  It's not that you're unqualified to teach, it's that you have no idea what you're talking about.
It's called the [Fusiform Gyrus](_URL_0_). It's a part of the brain that is responsible for face recognition. 

The Fusiform gyrus is located in the temporal lobe of the temporal cortex, which is the part of your brain responsible for recognizing faces. It's also the part that processes facial expressions.
I think it has something to do with the shape of the wheel. 

In F1, the front wheel has to be wider than the rear.  This is because the car needs to be able to turn at a higher angle to keep the car in the same direction as the track.  If the rear wheel is too small, the car can't turn at the same angle as the front.

The front wheel also has to have a wider surface area, which means that the car has to go faster to get the same amount of grip.  The wider the surface area of the track, the
Newton's law of universal gravitation was discovered in the 17th century. 

Calculus was discovered by Gottfried Leibniz in 1684, but was not published until 1693.
It's not that it's cold, it's that there's a lot of snow in the mountains. 

It's that the mountains are very high up, so it's very hard to get to the ground.

There are a few places in the world where it's really cold, but it's not as cold as it is in Sibiria.
I don't know about you, but I think it has something to do with the fact that I'm not very good at merging. 

When you're in the middle of a lane, you have to keep your eyes on the road ahead of you.  If you don't, you can't see the cars in front of you, so you have no idea where they are going to go.

If you are in the lane behind you, you're not paying attention.  You're not looking at the cars behind you and you're looking at them behind you. You don't have time to
Flexing your muscles makes them stretch, but it doesn't make them more strained and sore. 

When you flex your muscles, you're stretching the nerves that control your muscles.  When you flex them, you are also stretching the nerve that controls the pain receptors in the muscle, which causes the soreness.
They don't. Spiders don't remember where their webs are located, they just build them. 

They do remember where they were when they were young, but they don't know where they are now.
Yes, it is possible to get permanently "cured" from ADHD or autism. 

It depends on the type of disease.

ADHD is caused by a defect in the brain.  It's caused by an imbalance in the neurotransmitters in your brain, which causes your brain to send signals to your brain telling your brain that something is wrong.  These signals are sent to the rest of your body, and your body's brain interprets them as signals that tell it that something isn't right.  This is called *reversible* damage.  If you're diagnosed with ADHD,
We don't know. 

We do know what causes it to behave like a wave, but we don't really know why.

It's not that we know why it's a wave.  It's that we can't explain it.  We know that it's wave-like because we can observe it, and we know it's waves because we've observed it.
Caskets don't come out of the ground during a flash flood because they are buried in the ground, they come out when the water starts to rise.

They come out because the ground is saturated with water and the casket is stuck in it.
Laptops and desktops have a lot more power and storage space than desktops, so multi-CPU desktop PCs tend to be more expensive.
Because it's a high profile case.  It's not like a normal case where you're dealing with something that happens once a year. 

It's a case where the government has to prove that they did something wrong, and they have to prove it to a jury.  They have to convince a jury that the government is guilty, and then they need to convince the jury that they are guilty.  That's a lot of work, and it takes a long time.
They are usually gang signs.  

It's a way for people to identify the location of the bathroom.  If you go to a public restroom, you can easily tell if it's used by a gang or not.  It's also an easy way to find out who is using the restroom.
The Church of England was created by the Tudors to help Henry VIII secure an annulment of his marriage to Catherine of Aragon in 1534.

The reason we still follow the church is because it was created to help him secure an agreement with the Catholic Church.  The Catholic Church was founded by Henry VIII's father, Edward VII, who was a Catholic.  He wanted to make England more Catholic, but the Church wanted to keep it Anglican.  So he created the church.
If they are found guilty of war crimes, they will be put on trial in military commissions.  They will be tried in civilian courts, and if found guilty they will face the death penalty.
A meteorite hitting the ocean would have the same effect as an impact on land. 

The ocean has a lot more water in it, so it would absorb more of the heat from the impact.

If the ocean was hit by a meteorite, it would also release a lot of water vapor into the atmosphere, which would cause the temperature to drop.
It's a marketing ploy to get people to buy the product. 

The log is a way for people to know that they are buying something from a company that they have heard about on TV.
When 4G was the best available, it was pretty fast.

Now that it's the best, it's almost unusable.
When you touch your skin, your nerves send a signal to your brain telling it that it's hot. Your brain interprets that as a signal and interprets it as pain.

When you pull your hand out of hot water, your brain sends a second signal telling your brain that your skin is cold, which causes your brain to send a second message to your body telling your body that you're cold.
Baccarat is a card game.  

The basic rules are:

1. You have a deck of 10 cards.  If you have 10 cards in the deck, you have to put them on the table.

2. You are allowed to put any number of cards on the deck.  This is called a "deal".

3. Each player has a set number of hands.  Each player is allowed to have a set amount of hands in a given hand.  You have to make sure that each hand is worth the same amount of money.  So if you
I think it has to do with the fact that people in poor countries tend to have less education and less access to education, which means that they are less likely to have access to information.
They use sensors to detect the movement of the muscles in your hand, and then they use the brain to learn how to use them. 

It's kind of like how you learn to use a computer, but instead of using the computer to tell you what to do, you use your brain to tell the computer what you want to do.

_URL_0_
Your brain doesn't adjust to a shaky video like it adjusts when your head is tilted/rotated/shaken.  Your brain is used to seeing the world as a single image, not a series of images.
I'm not sure what you mean by "sensitising and desensitizing" books, but I think you're referring to the process of putting a book on the shelf. 

Libraries have a lot of books in their collection that have been there for a long time, and they have been used by many people over the years.  They are not just used by people who borrow them from the library, they are also used by the people who work at the library.  For example, if you go to a book store and buy a book, you will find that it has been there
It's not that they don't have an hourly forecast, it's just that the weather stations are too far away from each other to be able to keep track of.
Greece is a member of the Eurozone. 

The Eurozone is a group of countries that share the same currency, the euro.

When Greece joined, they had to agree to accept a set amount of money from the European Central Bank (ECB) and the International Monetary Fund (IMF).  The Eurozone countries agreed that Greece would have to pay back the money they lent to Greece, and Greece would be able to borrow money from other countries in the euro zone in exchange for the money.  This is called the "bailout".

In order for Greece to
I think it has to do with the way the hair follicles are grown. 

Eyebrow hairs grow in the middle of the middle phalanx, which is the part of the body that contains the epidermis (the hair follicle that grows on the back of your head) and the hair on the top of your eyebrow.  When you get an eyebrow hair, it's called the papilla.  It's the area of the dermis where the hair is grown, and it's the part that is responsible for regulating the growth rate of the hair.

When you get a
The recycle bin doesn't permanently erase anything. It marks the space occupied by the file as reusable (removes the pointer to the file) without immediately removing any of its contents.
We have a lot of foods that have French in front of it. 

For example, I think it's because of the French influence on the food we eat in the United States.

In the early 1900s, there was a French restaurant in New York City called Le Cordon Bleu.  The owner of the restaurant was a Frenchman, and the chef was French.  So the chef decided that he wanted to open a restaurant in the city.  He decided to name the restaurant after the chef, so he named it "Le Cordon bleu".  The restaurant was very successful,
I think it was to protect traditional family values. 

In Russia, there are a lot of people who believe that domestic violence is an issue of "traditional family values" and that it should not be a criminal offence.
Air resistance is a measure of how much force the plane has to overcome to keep it aloft. 

If the distance traveled is shorter than the distance to the ground, then the amount of air resistance will be greater.

However, if the distance is shorter, the air will be thinner, and so the plane will be able to fly faster. 


The reason for this is because air resistance is proportional to the square of the speed of the plane.  If the distance between the plane and the ground is longer, the more air resistance there is, the faster the plane can fly.
Because it's unconstitutional. 

Women are not required to register for selective services because they are not allowed to serve in the military.
It's not innate, it's learned. 

When you're a baby, you can hear the rhythm of your mother's heartbeat and the sound of her womb.  This is the start of your sense of rhythm.  When you're an adult, you have to learn how to play instruments.  You have to be able to read music.

So when you hear music, your brain has to learn to recognize the rhythm, melodies, harmony, and other musical parameters.  It's the same as when you learn to read a book.
It is possible to convert old film to HD/1080p without re-filming them. 

The process is called "Digital Intermediate" and it is done by scanning the film and converting it to a higher resolution.  
 
The film is scanned and then scanned into a master file, which is then converted to a 1080p master file.  The master file is then used to convert the original film to 1080p.
Scientology is a religious organization. It was founded by L. Ron Hubbard, who is the founder of the Church of Scientology. 

Scientology has been around for decades, and is a very well-funded organization.  It is run by Hubbard's son, David Miscavige.  He is the leader of the organization, and he is a Scientologist.  Scientologists believe that they are the only true religion, and that they have a divine right to exist.  They believe that the only way to be free is to follow the teachings of Hubbard.  Scientology is not a religion, it
Cats have a tapetum lucidum in the back of the eye that reflects light back through the retina, increasing the amount of light available for it to capture, but reducing the sharpness of the focus of the image. 

Cats also have very large pupils, which allow them to see in low light.
The operating system is written in assembly line.  

The OS is written as a set of instructions.  The OS is compiled into binary files, which are then distributed to the device.  These instructions are then compiled into the OS.  This process is called "installation".  It is done by a program called a "installer".  This is a program that downloads the OS from the source code of the OS and installs it.

When the OS is downloaded, it is then loaded into the device's RAM, which is then used to store the OS files.  When the OS
They have the same amino acid sequences, but they are not the same species. 

The reason they are different is because they have different amino acids in their DNA.

Amino acids are the building blocks of proteins.  They are the backbone of the proteins that make up the protein.  The amino acid sequence is what determines how the protein is made.  It is the same for all proteins, but the amino acids are different.  This is because the amino acid structure of the protein changes as the animal ages.  When the animal is old enough to breed, it will be able to produce
You can get health insurance through the Affordable Care Act (aka Obamacare). 

You can buy it on the Obamacare marketplace. 
You have to go to the website and sign up for a plan.

If you don't have health insurance, you can get a tax credit to help you pay for it.  You can also get tax credits from the federal government.  The federal government will give you tax credits based on your income.  If you have a pre-existing condition, you will be eligible for the tax credits.
The sound of the bullet is caused by the shockwave from the bullet hitting the barrel of the gun. 

The bullet is traveling at supersonic speed, which means that it is travelling at the speed of sound.
The US has a lot of federal security agencies. 

The FBI, ATF, DEA, ICE, FLETC, DOI, IRS, etc. are the main ones.  They are the ones that deal with drug trafficking, money laundering, immigration, fraud, terrorism, and other crimes.

They also deal with things like terrorism, drug smuggling, and drug trafficking.
China was a huge country, with a population of over 1.3 billion people.  

Japan was a small country with a small army, and a small navy.  They had a lot of resources, but they were not very well equipped to fight a war.

They had to rely on other countries to supply them with food and supplies.
You googled their name. 

Google knows your name, and they know your search history, so they can tell if you've ever looked up their name before.
The US constitution is a document written by the people of the United States.  It was written by a group of people, and it was ratified by the states.  

The first amendment is the preamble to the constitution, which says that the government shall not be allowed to pass laws which infringe on the rights of the people.  The first amendment states that the federal government shall have no power to make laws that are not specifically delegated to it by the Constitution.  This means that any laws passed by Congress are not binding on the states, and the states can secede from the United
Ireland was a net exporter of food during the Famine. 

The famine was caused by a potato blight, which was spread by the potato blight.  The famine was not caused by the people revolting, but by the fact that the people were not able to grow enough food to feed their own people.
It's not case sensitive, it's case-insensitive.

If you have a file named "myfile" in your computer's directory, it can refer to any file in the same directory, but it can't refer to the same file as "myname".

The reason for this is because the file system doesn't care if the file is a text file or a directory file, it only cares if it's a file with a character in it. 

So, if you have two files named "Myfile" and "MyName.txt" in a directory, you can
It's called an itch cycle. 

Your body has a chemical called LSC.  It's a chemical in your skin called urushiol.  When your skin is injured, it binds to the surface of the plant.  This is what causes it to itch.
Your body has a bunch of different types of heat receptors in your skin.  Some of them detect heat, some detect cold, and some detect both.  

When you touch something, your brain sends a signal to your skin to tell you that it's hot or cold.  Your brain then sends that signal to other parts of your body to tell them what's going on.

If you have a cold spot on your skin, it's because it has a different type of heat receptor.  When you touch it, it sends a different signal telling your brain what's happening.  If you
AOL Instant Messenger and MSN were two of the most popular instant messaging services in the late 90s and early 2000s.  

AIM was popular because it was the first web-based instant messaging service.  It had a lot of features that made it easy for people to send and receive messages, but it was also very slow.

MSN and AOL were slow because they were slow.  AIM was slow because it didn't have the features that people wanted.  They were also slow because people didn't want to pay for it.  If you want to send a message
I think it has something to do with the shape of the eye socket. Most animals have two pairs of eyes in the same place, but in humans we have two eyes in different places. 

The shape of our eye socket is determined by the shape and size of our skull. We have a single eye in the middle of the skull, and two in the back. This allows us to see with one eye.

We also have a third eyelid, called the nictitating membrane, which is a transparent membrane that can be drawn across the eye for protection and to moisten it while maintaining vision
Drones are used by the US military to track and kill terrorists and militants. They are also used by law enforcement agencies to gather intelligence.

There is a lot of controversy over the use of drones because they can be used to spy on innocent civilians.
I'm not a speech therapist, but I can give you an idea of how speech therapy works. 

First of all, speech therapists work with the patient to help them learn how to speak.  They work with them to improve their articulation.  For example, they may work with someone who has difficulty swallowing, and they may teach them how to chew and swallow.

They may also work with people who have difficulty swallowing because they have a problem with their vocal chords.  This can cause them to make sounds that they can't make when they are swallowing, which is why they need speech therapy
I think it has to do with the fact that Flappy bird is a game where you have to learn how to play the game. 

If you are a new player to the game, and you don't know how it works, you might not be able to figure it out right away.

But if you are an experienced player, you know how the game works, and know how to solve the problems, and how to get the game to work.  You know how you can beat the game in a certain amount of time, but you can't get it to work right the first time.
The sound of a punch is a combination of two things:

1. The sound of the punch hitting the ground, and the sound of it hitting the air.

2. The impact of the impact on the air, which is what makes it sound the way it does.
There was a time when there was a lot of fish in the ocean, and it was a staple food. 

In fact, in Japan and Hawaii, we eat more fish per capita than we do in other developed countries.

The reason for this is because of the abundance of fish, and the fact that the ocean is very rich in fish. 

 >  How is it that there were societies which largely relied on seafood, such as Japan andHawaii?

It's not that there was no food, it's just that there wasn't enough of it to go around.
I think it's because they don't want to say "goodbye" to the person on the other end of the phone.
The easiest way to break TLS/SSL is to crack it. 

TL;DR: If you crack it, you can decrypt it.
When you fill a balloon with helium, you're filling it with air that is lighter than the air it's made of.  When it's full of air, it expands, and when it's fully inflated, it collapses.

When the balloon is full of helium, the pressure inside the balloon decreases, and the inside of the balloon collapses.  This causes the balloon to lose its buoyancy, and it will eventually fall back to earth.
I think it's because it's easier to use a single monitor for multiple purposes. 

1. It's easier for you to see what's going on when you're playing a game.

2. If you're trying to play a game, you need to be able to see all the details on the screen.
3. You need a monitor that's big enough to display a lot of information.
4. It can be used as a monitor for gaming.
5. You can use a monitor as a display for other purposes.
6. It is easier to see things on a
When you run, your heart is pumping blood through your body. This causes your blood vessels to contract, which causes the pain you feel.
Enablers do what they do because it's easier for them to do it.

Enabler is a term used to refer to people who have a job that requires them to be able to do a lot of things. 

For example:

1. Enablers are the people who are in charge of making sure that things are done right.
2. They are the ones who are responsible for making sure things happen.
3. They make sure that people are doing the things they are supposed to do.
4. They keep things running smoothly.
5. They help
Paintings are made up of many different materials. 

The first step is to determine how long the painting has been exposed to the elements.  This can be done by looking at the paint on the canvas, the paint itself, or the paint that is applied to the canvas.

If the painting is exposed to a lot of elements, it will dry out.  If it's exposed to too much moisture, it can dry out, and if it's not exposed to enough light, it could damage the paint.  The second step is that the artist's intent is to make the painting look
It depends on the country. 

In the US, there are three different types of screening.  First is a mandatory overseas screening for all refugees and immigrants, then a recommended domestic screening for refugees, and finally a required medical component to the Adjustment of Resettlement process.
The status quo of the global economy is that the world economy is based on free trade.  

There are a lot of things going on in the world right now, but the most important thing is that we have a free market.  The world market is a place where you can buy and sell goods and services at any price you want.  If you want to sell something, you have to pay for it, and if you don't, you can't sell it.

This means that there is a huge amount of competition between countries, which means that it is very hard for one country to
Liver problems are caused by excess bilirubin in the blood.  The sclera (the whites of the eyes) is the outer layer of the conjunctiva (the membranes that overlie the iris) which is the part of the eye that is sensitive to light.  If the liver is not functioning properly, it can produce too much of the substance, which causes jaundice (yellowing) in the eyes.
I think it's because you're revving the engine too hard. 

If you're not careful, you can cause a spark plug to catch fire, which can lead to a lot of damage to the engine.
Radio waves are electromagnetic waves.  They travel at the speed of light.  

Radio waves travel through the air and the vacuum of space.  The air is mostly transparent to radio waves, except for layers of charged particles in the ionosphere which can reflect certain frequencies.  This means that different frequencies of radio can travel at different speeds, but they can't interfere with each other.
Your brain has a system called the entorhinal cortex. This is the part of the brain responsible for storing information. 

When you think about something, your brain sends a signal to this part of your brain telling it what to do. This signal is sent to your brain, and your brain interprets it as a memory.

If you don't pay attention to this signal, you can't remember it.
The benefits of marriage in the US are many. 

1. It allows you to have a stable, long-term relationship with your partner.

2. It gives you more control over your finances.  If you get divorced, you can file for divorce and have your property divided between you and your spouse.  This means that you don't have to pay child support, and you can't be sued by your ex-spouse for child support.  It also means that if you have a child, you have the right to be able to sue them if they do not live up to their
Asteroids are rare.  They don't come close enough to the Earth to cause any real damage.  

Comets are rare because they don't have enough mass to crack the Earth's atmosphere.  If they were to hit, they would be too small to cause much damage.

An asteroid that hits the Earth at any time would cause a lot of damage, but it wouldn't be enough to damage the Earth enough to cause it to crack.
I think it's because they are trying to limit the number of sub subs that are allowed to exist. 

There are a lot of subreddits that have a large number of mods, and a large amount of content that is not moderated.  There are also some subreddits that don't have any moderation, so they are not allowed to be moderated at all.

I'm not sure why they are quarantining subs, but I think it is because they don't want people to be able to get in and out of them.
I think it has to do with the fact that women are more invested in their looks than men are. 

Women are more likely to be sexually attracted to men because they have more control over their bodies.  
 
Men tend to be attracted to women because they are attracted to their looks.
The Fair Repair Bill in NY and why it is necessary to keep phone repair legal
It's not that they can't be shut down, it's that they're so big that they don't really need to be. 

The Pirate Bay is hosted in the Netherlands, which is a country that has a lot of laws against torrenting.  It's also a country with a very strong copyright law, which means that it's very difficult to shut it down.
The difference between the sum of a whole number's places and the number itself is always a direct multiple of 9.  

9 is the difference between 1/2 and 1/3.  It's the same as 1/4, 1/5, and 2/6.
The Renaissance was a time when artists started to realize that they could draw in terms of three-dimensional perspective. 

Before the Renaissance, there was no real reason for artists to do so, because they didn't know how to draw in 3-dimensional perspective.

In fact, there were a lot of artists who didn't even know what perspective was, and didn't understand how to use it.
Your eyeballs are made up of a bunch of different pigments. 

Your eyes are made of a lot of different types of pigments, but the most common type is called macromolecular pigment. This is the pigment that absorbs light and reflects it back to your brain.

When you see, your eyes absorb light at a certain wavelength, and reflect it back at a different wavelength. This means that your eyeballs have a lot more pigment than any other part of your body, so they absorb more light than other parts of the body.
The universe is expanding at the speed of light. 

If you look at the universe from the perspective of the Earth, it's expanding at 13.8 billion years per year.  If you look from the point of view of the Universe, you're looking at it at 14 billion years.

But if you look in the other direction, you'll see that the universe is growing at the same rate as the Earth.  It's expanding faster than the Earth is expanding, so you can see that it's growing faster.  This is called the [FitzGerald contraction](_URL_
They don't. 

Credit card companies don't have to pay interest on the money they owe you.  They have a contract with you that says that if you don't pay them back, they will repossess your car or house.
Adolescents have a lot more time to explore and figure out who they are and what they want to do with their lives.  

As a result, they are more likely to make decisions about their future based on what they think is best for them.
I think it has something to do with the fact that Canada is a relatively safe place to live. 

If you are a criminal in a country with a high crime rate, you are more likely to be arrested and put in jail than if you are in a place with a low crime rate.
It's not so much that it's an important strategic location as it is that it is a place where the enemy can't move freely. 

If you're talking about a city, it's not important because it's a city.  It's important because there's a lot of people there.  If you want to fight a war, you have to be able to move your troops.  You can't do that if you're in the middle of nowhere.

A town, on the other hand, is an important location because it has a large number of people, a large amount of infrastructure
Most fraternities and sororities tend to be more conservative than most colleges. 

I'm not sure why, but I think it has something to do with the fact that most frats/greek students tend to have a strong sense of community.  They are a place where you can get together with other like-minded people who share the same political views.
I'm not sure what you're asking about, but I'll try to explain.

Beef comes from cattle, pork comes from pigs, and chicken comes from hens. 

Cows are a domesticated breed of cattle, which means that they have been domesticated by humans for thousands of years. They have been bred to produce beef, pork, and chickens. They are all related to each other, but they are all different breeds of cattle.
The patent wars between Apple and Samsung are about two different things. 

1. Design

Apple has a patent on the design of the iPhone.  The patent is for the ability to make a phone with a headphone jack.  This is important because it allows the phone to connect to the internet.

2. Android

Samsung doesn't have a patent for the same thing.  They don't have the same technology as Apple, so they don't want Apple to have access to the same patent.  So they sued Apple, claiming that Apple's phone uses the same software as Android.
When you delete a file, your computer has to write the data back to the hard drive, which is a lot faster than copying it. 

When you copy a file to your computer, it has to read the data from your hard drive and write it back to your memory, which takes a lot more time than deleting a file.
Oddsmakers use different ratios to make it easier to follow.

6/5, 12/1, and 5/2 are easier to understand because they are all based on the same number. 

12/1 is based on 1.5/2. 


1/2 is based off of 1.25/1.  It's the same as 1/5.
Being transgender means that you have a mismatch between your gender identity and your sex at birth.

For example, if you were born a man, you would be born with a penis and a vagina. If you are born a woman, you will be born a vagina and a penis. 

Transgender is a term used to refer to people who have a gender identity that is not congruent with their gender at birth, and who are seeking medical treatment to change their gender.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it has to do with the fact that they're making a lot of money. 

A lot of these movies are made with huge budgets, and the actors who are in them are making a ton of money, so it's not uncommon for them to be paid a lot more than they're worth.

The problem is that these movies aren't making money, and they're not making enough money to cover the costs of making them, so the actors aren't getting paid enough to make the movies they're in.
It's a reflex. 

When you are startled, your brain sends a signal to your muscles telling them to do something, and your muscles do it.

Your knee is one of those muscles that sends the signal to the brain, and the brain interprets it as an involuntary action.
If the US cut all foreign aid, it would mean that the US would have to pay more for military aid, which would mean more money for the military, which means more money to the military. 

Also, if the US stopped giving money to non-governmental organizations (NGOs) and other non-profits, they would lose money.
I think it's because of the way the locks are set up.  If you have a key to the kitchen, you have to use it to open the door to the other student's room.  But if you have the key to your room, you can't use the other students' key to open their door.
The intestines are not curved, they are curved in a circular shape. 

The anus is not curved at all, it is curved at the tip.

You can't put a giant dildo up there if the intestines curve.
GMO crops have been around for hundreds of years. 

Farmers have been modifying crops for centuries.

GMOs are not new, they're just new to the food chain.
Colorado has the highest average elevation of any state in the Mountain West.

Utah has the lowest average elevation.
The House of Representatives is one of the two houses of Congress, the other being the Senate. The House is responsible for making and passing laws, and the Senate is the one that makes and passes laws.

The purpose of the house of representatives is to give the people in each district a voice in the federal government, and to allow them to vote on things that affect their districts.
They use a star chart. 

If you look at the sky at night, you can see a lot of stars.  If you look up at the night sky, you'll see that there are lots of stars in the sky.  You can also look at them at night and see that they're all pointing in the same direction.

You can also use a finderscope to find stars that are close to you, and then use a telescope to find them.
Your brain has a "reward system" which is the part of your brain that produces dopamine and other neurotransmitters that make you feel good. When you are attracted to someone, your brain releases dopamine, which is a chemical that makes you feel happy, excited, and aroused.

When you're attracted to a person, you release oxytocin and vasopressin. Oxytocin is a neurotransmitter that causes you to feel happy and excited. It also makes you want to be close to that person, which makes you more likely to be attracted to them.
It's not about consent, it's about abuse of the authority such an adult has over a minor.
It's because your brain is not used to being in a horizontal position. When you're upright, your head is more supported by the dura and blood vessels in your skull, which is the part of your brain that controls your headache. When your head moves around, the blood vessels around your skull get pushed out of place, which causes you to have a headache.
Alas is a contraction of the Latin "alas" meaning "to fail" or "failure".

"Alas" is used to refer to failure, failure, or failure to do something. 

It's also used to mean failure to follow through on a promise, failure to keep one's word.

Alas means failure.
It's not a hard vacuum, it's a hard enough vacuum that you can't pull all of the air out of it, but it's not hard enough to cause it to fall out of the atmosphere.
It's called the palmar grasp reflex. When you open your fist, you're trying to grab something with your palm, but your palm is too small to hold the object in your palm. So you open it up and try to grab it with your thumb and index finger. 

When you close your hand, you are trying to hold it in a fist, but it's too small for your palm to hold.
I think it has to do with the fact that we are flying at different altitudes. 

When you fly in the sky, you are traveling at a constant rate of speed.  If you fly at the same altitude for a long period of time, you will have to travel at different speeds.

If you are flying in the air, you have to keep your speed constant.  You have to maintain the same speed at all times.  This means that if you want to fly at a certain altitude, you need to fly in a certain direction.  So, if you are going to fly
Your old Gameboy colour was switched on after 15 years of slumber, and the time/clock is still correct, how?
It is a ticketable offense to ride in a car without seatbelts on yet a motorcyclist that faces the same risks with less protection doesn't have to worry with such restraints. 

Bicycles do not have the same risk as cars.  They are not designed to be ridden at the same speeds as cars, so they do not require the same amount of protection.

The reason it is ticketable to ride a bike without a seatbelt is because they are not a type of vehicle that requires the same level of protection as a car.  If you are riding a bike, you
The British are in Afghanistan because they want to keep the country from falling into the hands of the Taliban.

The Taliban are a bunch of ethnic Pashtun rebels who want to overthrow the government and establish their own government.  They are also fighting the government because they believe that they are the rightful rulers of the country.
The Fed is buying $85B in bonds monthly. 

When the Fed stops buying bonds, they will have to sell a lot of them, which will lead to higher interest rates for the rest of the economy.
A VPN is a way for you to connect to a server in another country. 

The server is not 100% anonymous, but it is completely untraceable when you use it.

You can't use a VPN to connect directly to the server, but you can use a proxy server, which is a server that connects you to another server in a different country.
Asylum is a very complicated issue.  It's not something that can be explained in ELI5 terms.

Basically, it's a form of protection from persecution.  If you are a refugee, and you are in danger of being persecuted in your home country, you have a right to seek asylum in the United States.  You don't have to be a citizen of the country you're fleeing from, but you do have to prove that you are not a danger to yourself or others, and that your country is a safe place for you to live.  

In other words, if
The Libertarian Party is a political party that believes that the government should not be involved in the economy. 

The Libertarian economic platform is based on the belief that government should be limited to providing public goods and services, and that private businesses should be allowed to operate as they see fit.

In other words, the government shouldn't be able to dictate to private businesses what they can and can't do, and they shouldn't have the power to force them to do anything they don't want to do.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it has something to do with your circadian rhythm. 

When you're sleeping 7-8 hours a night, your body is adjusting to the fact that you're waking up at 9am.  You're not used to waking up in the middle of the night, you're used to getting up at 5am.
Pol Pot was the leader of the Khmer Rouge in Cambodia. He was a member of the Communist Party of Kampuchea, which is the ruling party of the country. 

He was a leader of a small tribe of people who lived in a small village in the middle of the jungle.  He was the father of a large number of children, and he was the head of the village's government.   
 
When he was a child, he was sent to a military school, where he was taught how to be a leader and how to lead his people.  When he was
I think it's just a matter of your perception of the song.

If you like a song at first, but after hearing it a few more times you begin to like it. 

It's like when you hear a song for the first time and you find yourself liking it more and more after you hear it again.
Batteries are made of electrolyte, which is a chemical reaction between hydrogen and oxygen. 

When the battery is at 50% of its capacity, the electrolyte is starting to break down.  This is why it takes longer to charge a battery from 0-50% than it does to charge it from 50-100%.
Your hair is made of keratin, which is a thin layer of fat that protects the hair follicle from water. When you get in a pool or hot tub, the water evaporates off of your hair, leaving behind a layer of watery residue that sticks to your hair.
The purpose of a roof scoop is to increase the load capacity of the car. 

When you open the top of a car, you open up the air intake in the back of the hood, which is usually at the rear of the vehicle.  When you close the top, you close that air intake, which causes the air to flow out of the way.  This causes turbulence, which can be annoying.

A roof scoop increases the amount of air that is able to flow through the car, which means that the car will be able to carry more weight.  It also allows the car to
We don't know. 

We know that Yellowstone is going to explode, but we don't really know when.  We know that it's going to happen because it's been erupting for thousands of years, and we know that there's a lot of magma in the area.  But there's not much we can do about it right now.
Tinnitus is caused by damage to the eardrum, which is the part of your ear that carries the sound waves that travel through your ear. 

When you get an ear infection, the bacteria in your middle ear can grow into your ear canal and cause it to constrict, which causes tinnitus.
Boxing is a very physical sport. It's a lot more violent and bloody than MMA.

Mixed martial arts, on the other hand, is a relatively safe sport. There are a lot of rules in MMA that are different from the rules in boxing. 

For example, in MMA, the fighters are not allowed to knock each other down. This means that if they do knock someone down, they can't get back up, and the referee has to stop the fight. 


In boxing, the rules are different. The fighters are allowed to hit each other, but the referee is allowed to
I'm not sure what legal advantages they would have had they crossed the border into Canada. 

They would have to get a visa to enter the US, which is not something they would be able to do easily.
Your body needs water to function properly. 

When you drink too much water, your kidneys start to produce too much urine, which is why you feel thirsty.

If you drink a lot of water, you will start to dehydrate.
Communism is a system of ownership of the means of production.  

In a communist society, the state is not the owner of all the goods and services.  The state is the one that owns the means to produce and distribute those goods.  This means that the state will not be able to profit from the production of goods or services, but rather will be used to provide them for the benefit of all.
I think it has something to do with the fact that when you cry, your body releases hormones that make you feel better. When you are sad, you release hormones that cause your body to release endorphins, which are hormones that help your body deal with stress. 

When you are happy, you also release hormones which help you deal with anger, happiness, fear, laughter or humor, frustration, or other strong, intense emotions.
Dark matter is a type of matter that does not interact with other particles. 

Dark energy is an unknown form of matter, which is not known to interact with any of the fundamental forces other than gravity.

We know that the universe is expanding because we can see it from the gravitational pull of the universe.  But we don't know what it's made of.  We can't see it because it doesn't interact with anything else.  It's not visible to us, but we can tell it's there because it's pulling on the space around us.
I think it has to do with the Second Amendment. 

The Second Amendment protects the right to keep and bear arms.  It's not about gun control, it's about the right of law-abiding citizens to own and use guns for self-defense.
California is a very arid state. 

There is a lot of land in the middle of the state that is not irrigated, so the water used to irrigate that land is gone.

California is also one of the top five states in the world in terms of population, so there is a huge amount of land that is used to grow crops.
I'm not sure what you mean by "get over" paranoid schizophrenia. 

I've had paranoid schizophrenia myself, and I can tell you that it takes a long time to get over it.

First of all, you have to understand that it's not a disease.  It's a personality disorder.  If you have paranoid schizophrenia, it's a symptom of schizotypal personality disorder, which means that you have a distorted view of the world.  This is a very common symptom of Schizophrenia, and it can be treated with antipsychotics and other medications.
There are a lot of venomous animals in Europe, but they are not as common as they are in North America. 

In the UK and Northern Europe, there is a lot more land for them to live in, so they are less likely to be killed by venomous creatures.
Sudan is a country in the middle east. 

It's a country that's been in a civil war for decades, and is currently divided between the North and South Sudan.

There's a lot of ethnic tension between the two sides, and the government is trying to divide the country into two parts.  The North is led by Omar al-Fashir and the South by Riek Machar, who are both members of the same ethnic group, the Nuer tribe.  They are fighting each other over the control of the oil fields in the south.  This is a
Lethal injection is a combination of paralytic drugs and anesthetic. 

A single shot to the head can cause severe damage to the brain, which is why it's considered more humane than a firing squad.

Anesthetic can cause muscle paralysis and respiratory arrest, and potassium chloride to stop the heart, which causes the heart to stop beating.
The rotation of planet Earth does not affect how long your flight will be, depending on the direction you're flying. 

If you're going in the direction of the earth's rotation, you will be traveling at the same speed as the earth.

However, if you're travelling in the opposite direction, you'll be travelling at a different speed.  If you're traveling in the north-south direction, your speed will be the same as the speed of the Earth, but you'll travel at a faster rate than the Earth's rotation.
When you are aroused, blood rushes to your penis. It's called vasocongestion, and it's caused by the vasoconstriction of the blood vessels around the urethra. 

When you feel horny, the blood rushes back to the penis, which causes it to become erect.
I think it's because your eyes aren't getting enough light to compensate for the difference in light coming from the go pro and your own eyes.
Bulletproof vests work by dissipating the energy in another way; the vest's material, usually Aramid (Kevlar) absorbs the energy and momentum of the bullet as it travels through the body. 

When a bullet hits a soft tissue, it deforms it, causing it to deform.  This deformation causes the bullet to stop moving, and the energy is dissipated in the deformation of the soft tissue.
I think it has to do with the fact that your eyes are used to looking out the window, and your brain is used to seeing the road ahead. If you look out your window, your brain has to adjust to the motion of the car, so it doesn't get used to it.
The subprime crisis was caused by a few things.

1. The housing market in the U.S. was very hot in the early 2000s. 

2. There was a lot of speculation in the housing market, and many people thought they could buy homes for less than they actually were worth. 


3. Many people thought that if they bought a house, they would be able to get a lower interest rate on their mortgage, so they could get a better deal on their house.


4. The government was trying to encourage people to buy homes, and the government was
You can do it with practice. 

It's a combination of your mouth, tongue, and voice.

You can also do it by using your arms and legs as percussion instruments, but it's not as easy as you might think.
Mental fatigue is due to the fact that your brain is not used to the same amount of energy as physical fatigue. Your brain is used to a lot of different things at once. 

For example, when you are exercising, you are using your muscles to move your head, which requires a lot more energy than your muscles are used to.  Your brain can't use as much energy as your muscles, so it has to use more energy to move the head.

When you are mentally tired, your brain has to work harder to keep your head in the right place, which means you need to
It's not to do porn, it's to be a prostitute.
When you hear a song for the first time, you don't like it, but when you hear it more often you suddenly like it. 

It's because your brain has learned to recognize patterns in the music.  When you first hear it, your brain doesn't know what it is, but after you hear the song more often, you start to recognize the patterns.
It's a way to reduce the amount of friction between the wheels and the tire. 

When you have a car, you have two things going on:

1. You have friction between your tires and the road.

2. When you have friction, you can apply more force to the tires, which increases the friction between them. When the tires are not slipping, they don't have enough friction to apply as much force, so they can't apply enough force to stop the car from sliding. When they are slipping, the tires have less friction, which means they can apply less force to
Time is a man-made construct. 

Time is not a natural thing.  It is a construct of our minds.  We don't know how time works, but we do know that it exists.

We can measure time by looking at the speed of light.  If you look at a clock, you can see that it is moving at a constant rate.  You can also measure the amount of time that has passed since you last looked at the clock, and you can measure how long it has been since the last time you looked at it.  This is a measure of time.
They don't. 

The news outlets don't know.  They rely on weather reports and other sources.  If you go to a weather station and watch a news show, you'll see that the weather station has a lot of information about the weather, so they can report on it.  It's not like you can go to the local news station and say "this is the worst flood in 1000 years".  They can't.
You would be able to survive a bit longer by eating yourself when you would starve. 

Your body needs glucose to keep you alive.  Your body uses glucose as its primary energy source.  When you eat, your body releases glucagon, which is a hormone that stimulates your liver to convert stored glycogen into glucose.  The glucagon causes your body to go into hypoglycemia, which causes you to lose weight.  This causes your blood sugar levels to drop, and your body starts to think that you're going to die.  You would need to eat yourself to keep your body from
When you open the fridge door, the air in the room is forced out of the room by the air conditioner.  When you close the door, it pushes the air back in.  This causes the air inside the room to expand, which causes the door to close again.
It depends on what you mean by "proof".

If you mean "proof" that something is true, then it has to be verifiable. 

For example, if you want to prove that something happened in the Middle Ages, you need to show that it happened, and that it was recorded by someone who was there at the time.

But if you're talking about the Bible, it doesn't really count as proof because it's not written down in the Bible. It's written down somewhere in a book, or in a text, or on a piece of paper, or whatever.
Sunflower oil contains a lot of hydrogenated vegetable oils, which are bad for you.

Olive oil contains monounsaturated fatty acids which are good for you, but not as good for your body as sunflower oil.
The resistors in a parallel circuit reduce the resistance of he whole circuit. 

When you connect two wires in parallel, the resistors are at different voltages.  
 
When the wires are at the same voltage, the resistance is equal to the voltage between the two wires.  If you add a resistor to the circuit, you are increasing the resistance between the wires.

If you put a resistor in the middle of the parallel circuit, it reduces the resistance from the other ends of the circuit.
I think it's because of the way the wood is spread out. Large logs are spread out in such a way that it's easier for the fire to spread out, but smaller logs spread out more evenly, so it's harder to spread the fire out.
Fingerprints are the result of friction between your skin and the surface of the object you touch. When you touch something, your skin stretches and deforms, and this deforms your fingerprints.

Your skin is made up of two layers of skin, the dermis and the epidermis. The dermis is the outer layer of the skin, which is the part of your skin that makes contact with the outside of the body. When your skin is stretched and deformed, it forms ridges. These ridges are called papillae, and they are what you see when you touch things.
They need to collide. 

The reason they need to be collided is because they are the only particles that are strong enough to interact with the strong force.  The other hadrons are weakly interacting with the weak force, which is what causes them to collide with each other.
The U.S. dollar is the world's reserve currency.  It is the currency that the world uses to exchange goods and services for dollars.  If the dollar collapses and no longer has any value, then the value of the dollar will drop to zero.  The dollar will become worthless.

If the dollar is worth less than $1,000, then it will be worthless.
There are more poisonous animals in Australia than there are in the rest of the world. 

The reason is that Australia has a lot of rainforest, which means that there is a lot more water available for the animals to live in.

Also, Australia is a very arid place, so there are more animals that can't live in the rainforest.
It depends on the type of scratch-off. 

If you are talking about scratch-offs that are printed on a piece of paper, you're talking about the kind that is printed on the surface of the paper.  These are called "scratch-offs".  They are made up of a bunch of tiny little dots, and they are printed onto the paper in a very fine pattern.

When you print them, you are printing them on a thin layer of paper that is very thin.  You can print them on any type of paper you want, but if you want to print them
It's just a cultural thing. 

In the Middle Ages, the word "girl" was used to refer to a young unmarried woman who was unmarried and unmarried.  It's still used today, but it's not as commonly used as it used to be.
It's a portrait of a beautiful woman. Leonardo da Vinci was commissioned by a wealthy nobleman to paint it for his wife.  It's considered the definitive example of the Renaissance portrait and perhaps for this reason is seen not just as the likeness of a real person, but also as the embodiment of an ideal of beauty.
Honey bees are not the most efficient pollinators. 

Honeybees don't produce as much honey as other pollinators, but they do produce a lot of honey.  They also don't need to be kept in huge hives.
It has to do with the taste of the syrup. Coca Cola has a lot of sugar in it, but it's also high fructose corn syrup, which makes it taste sweet. 

McDonald's uses a different type of syrup.  It has less sugar, which means it tastes sweeter.
It's not so much that humans are slow to learn how to walk as it is that we have a lot of other animals that are slower to learn to walk than we are. 

We're not the only animals that have this problem, but we're the only ones that have it.
They are not aliens, they are aliens. 

They are aliens because they are not human.  They are not us because we are not alien.
Ginger is a naturally occurring plant. It's a mild stimulant. 

The reason you have a ginger beard is because it's a result of eating too much of it.
1 gigabyte of text would be about 1,000,000 pages of text. 

1 megabyte is about 12.5 megabytes of text, or 1.25 exabytes of new information.
The bar code is printed on the back of the card. When you check a book out, it sends a signal to the reader, which tells the librarian that you're not in the library.
Yes, they can. 

It's called "perceiving" and it's the same thing as "seeing" or "feeling".

When you're blind, your eyes are not able to transmit information to your brain, so you have to rely on your other senses to tell you what's going on around you.

If you're deaf, you can't hear or see, but you can hear and smell.
It's a joke. 

It's just a way for people to make fun of each other.

_URL_0_
I think it's because people are tired of hearing about bad news. It's not that they don't want to hear about it, it's that they're tired of reading about it.
The general public doesn't have a problem with NSA's PRISM program, because it's a government program.

Google, Apple, Facebook, etc. know everything about you and use that info to make money.
I think it has to do with climate change. 

In the past, grass was common in arid areas, but as the climate changed, so did the amount of rainfall.  This meant that grass could grow in drier areas, so it spread.

Nowadays, it's more common in wetter climates, so the grass can grow in the drier parts of the world.
It's because the cookie dough has a lot of moisture in it. When you roll it out, the moisture evaporates from the surface of the dough, which makes it stick to the surface. When it's packaged in little square cubes, it doesn't have enough moisture to evaporate.
The wage gap is still an issue.

It's been an issue for a long time, but it's not as much of an issue now as it was in the past. 

In the past, women were paid less for doing the same work as men.  Women were less likely to be promoted to higher-paying jobs, and women were more likely to take unpaid time off for maternity leave.  This meant that women were often paid less than men for taking time off, and this meant that they had to work longer hours to make the same amount of money as men, which means that they
It's not illegal to host a torrent site, it's illegal to store it on your own servers.

The Pirate Bay was run by a group of people who were convicted of criminal copyright infringement. The Pirate Bay does not store the files on its own servers, but will provide links to other sites that do.
Harmonic notes are the same as fretted notes, but they are played in different ways. 

When you play a fretted note, it vibrates at the same frequency as the open string. When you play an open note, you vibrate it at a different frequency than the open note.

Harmonics are the opposite. They vibrate at a higher frequency than open notes.
I think it has to do with taste buds. 

When you're young, your taste buds are still developing.  They're still developing the ability to taste new things.  When you're a baby, you don't have a lot of time to learn new things, so you're not exposed to the same things that you would learn as an adult.  So you're still learning new things as a baby.

As you get older, you start to pick up on things that are more familiar to you.  For example, when you're 5 or 6 years old, you're starting to
Magnet Beer is a type of beer that is made with malted barley, which is a grain that is malted with sugar. 

Magnet beer is made by fermenting it with sugar and then adding alcohol to it.

The malt malt is used to make the beer, and the alcohol is used for the flavor and aroma of the beer.  This is why it's called a "magnet beer".

When you ferment the malt, it breaks down some of the sugars in it.  When you add alcohol, the sugar is broken down by the alcohol, and then the alcohol
I think it has to do with the fact that Romance languages have different pronunciations of vowels and consonants. 

In Romance languages, vowels are pronounced differently than consonants, so they sound different.

For example, in French, the first consonant is pronounced as a vowel, but the second is pronounced like a consonant, so it sounds like a vowel. In English, the second consonant has the same sound as the first, so the second syllable is pronounced the same way.
The auto locking mechanism is called inertial locking. 

When you pull the belt out of your seatbelt, the spring that holds it in place is pulled against the spring tension of the reel.  When you pull it back in, the reel is released, and the spring is re-tied to the reel, preventing the belt from extending off the reel during severe deceleration.
It's called a lenticular image. It's basically the result of two things happening at the same time.

When you record a video, you're recording the image as it's being recorded. You're using a camera that has a sensor in it that detects the light coming from the camera. When you record the image, the sensor detects that the light is coming from a source other than the camera, and it sends out a signal to the computer. The computer interprets that signal as a white light, and interprets it as a black light. This is what you see in the white orbs.
They didn't. 

The Empire had a lot of resources, but the Ewoks didn't have any of them.  They didn't even have the kind of technology that the Empire had.  The Empire had the best ships in the galaxy, but they were outgunned and outclassed.
The moon is a natural satellite of the sun.  It's not the only moon in the solar system, but it's the only one we know of that has a proper name.  The other moons are named after mythological or mythological figures.

We don't know the origin of the moon's name, but we do know that it's related to the moon of Jupiter.  Jupiter's moon, Eris, was discovered by Galileo in the 17th century.  He named it after Ersa, the Greek goddess of dew, who was the daughter of Zeus and Selene.
Parachutes are designed to slow the rate of descent, not the speed of descent. 

If you're going to use a capsule to return to Earth, you need to be able to slow it down enough so that it doesn't hit the ground.
The chemistry between an actor and a character depends on a lot of things, but one of the most important things is the chemistry between the actor and the character they are playing. 

For example, if you're acting in a movie, you're trying to make the character look like a real person, and the actor is trying to look like an actual person.

If you're an actor, and you're playing a character, you have to be able to make your character seem real. You have to make them seem like real people, and your character has to feel real. 


This is
When you yawn, your muscles contract and stretch the muscles in your neck and jaw, which causes your vocal cords to vibrate. This causes the pitch of the music you're listening to change.
Cardinal measurements are based on angles.

Ordinal measures are based off of degrees. 

A degree is a measure of how far you are from the center of the universe. 


A cardinal measure is based on the distance between two points.  

 >  If you measure the distance from a point in the middle of the earth to a point on the other side of the Earth, you can say that the distance is 1/2 of a degree from the centre.  You can also measure distance between 2 points in the earth.  This is called cosine, and it's
ASMR is a type of sensory arousal. It is caused by the stimulation of certain sensory modalities. 

For example, when you hear a lullaby, you are stimulated by the sound of the lullaby.

When you hear an ASMR video, you're stimulated by a specific sound.  It's like being touched by a soft touch.
Password cracking works by using a computer to try every possible combination of characters in a dictionary, and comparing the result of each guess to the actual password hashes. 

If the password is long enough, the computer will be able to figure out the password, and if it is short enough, it will be easy enough to crack.

However, if the website doesn't let you guess a lot of passwords, then the computer has to try all the possible combinations of characters, and then compare the result to the password hashes stored in the password file. 


This is called "brute force cracking".
The sandbags are filled with water, and the water is pushed down the river by gravity. 

The water is pushing against the sandbags, which pushes the water away from the river.
Because it would be too big to be seen from anywhere in the city. 

Godzilla is the tallest creature in the world, but he's not the tallest thing in the universe.

He's the biggest thing on earth.
WINE is not an emulator, it's an emulator.

An emulator is a program that runs on top of the operating system. 

WINE emulates the OS, not the OS itself.
The butt crack serves as a lubricant. 

When you're young, your butt crack is a place for your anus to be lubricated.  When you're older, it's a place where your anus is exposed to the air.  It's also a place that your anus can be exposed to a lot of bacteria.

Your butt crack also acts as a natural lubricant, which is why it's called a "butt plug".  It helps keep your anus lubricated, and it helps lubricate your anus when you go to the bathroom.
It's a common phobia because of the fact that clowns hide their faces in order to make it easier for children to see them. 

It's also because they are often depicted as evil, which makes them seem more frightening.
Redheads tend to have more facial hair than blondes, which is why they are considered more attractive.
They don't cough because they can't breathe through their mouths.

They cough because of allergies, allergies, dust or choking.
The DNA of the mammoth is not 100% Mammoth DNA.  It is 97-99% mammoth DNA.

It is possible to recreate the DNA of a mammoth, but it is not possible to do so with 100% of the DNA.
There is no such thing as a maximum sized airplane limit.

There is a maximum weight limit, but it is based on the weight distribution of the aircraft, not the size of the plane itself. 

For example, if you want to fly from New York City to Hong Kong, you need to have a maximum takeoff weight of 6.5,000 pounds, and a maximum landing weight of 5,500 pounds.
They don't. 

Net worths are publicly known because they are publicly available.

Forbes magazine publishes a list of the top 100 most powerful celebrities in the world.  The list is based on their annual ranking of the most powerful people in the business world, and the list is compiled by a team of people who are paid by the companies they work for.  These people have access to the information they use to compile the list, and they use it to determine the net worth of the people on the list.  If they don't want to disclose their net worth, they can file a
It's a cultural thing. 

In the past, humans were seen as a single, unified race.  In the future, we are not.  We are not a single race.

We are a collection of many different groups, and we are all part of the same society.  The only difference between us is that we are different from each other.  This is reflected in the way we are portrayed in movies and TV.  It's not that we're all the same, it's that we all have our own cultures, our own history, and our own ways of life.
When you switch from 4G to 3G, your phone is using a different type of signal. 

4G uses the millimeter wave spectrum, which is much more powerful than 3G.

3G uses millimeter waves, which are much less powerful than 4G, but are much more reliable. 


When your phone switches from 4g to 3g, it's using the same frequency as the 4G signal, which means that it's sending and receiving the same amount of data per second, but it's also using a slightly different frequency.  This means that your phone's
Some movies are shot on 35mm film, which is a medium that has a higher resolution than digital film. 

When you shoot on film, you're shooting at a wide angle, which means that the light bounces off of the film and bounces off the edges of the frame.  This means that it's easier for the camera to focus on the subject, and it's harder for the lens to get a good angle of view.

In order to get this effect, the film is developed on a special type of film known as a 35mm negative.  It's a film that's developed on
It depends on the depth of the water. 

In the middle of the ocean, the water is very deep, and the waves are very large.  The waves are so big that they are too subtle to really notice.

If you're in a boat, you're not going to notice them because they're so deep.  If you're on a boat in shallow water, you'll notice them, but if you're floating on the surface, you won't notice them.
Flash games are written in Flash, which is a programming language. 

Flash is written in C#, which means that it's written in a language that's very similar to C++.

C# has a lot of things to do with graphics, but it's not written in the same language as C++, so it's going to take a lot more time to write the code for a game. 


C++ is written for the CPU, so if you're running a game that's written for C# you're going to have to write it in C++ as well.
The baby boomers were the ones who brought the world to a better place than the generations that came before them. They were the first generation to be able to take advantage of the opportunities that were available to them, and the ones that came after them. 

As a result, they set the stage for the generations to follow.
I think it's because they don't want to have to deal with the fees associated with processing a debit card.  

Payments are processed through the Federal Reserve ACH system, which is where the money is sent to the bank.  The Federal Reserve has to pay a percentage of the transaction to the banks for processing the debit card, which means that the banks have to pay the fees to the credit card companies.
It's not that no one ever wins, it's that there are so many ways to win. 

For example, if you are a celebrity, you can enter a celebrity contest, and win a car, but you have to prove that you are the best in the world.

If you're a regular person, you don't get to compete in the celebrity contest. You have to show up at a celebrity event and prove you are one of the best, and if you win, you get a car. If you're an average person, it doesn't matter if you're famous or not.
I think it has to do with the timbre of the instruments. 

Arabic music is based on the same timbre as Western music, but it is played in a different way.

In Arabic music, the notes are played in the same way as the notes in Western music are played, but they are played at different intervals. 


In Chinese music, there are different timbres, and different scales used.  The timbre is the same, but the scale is different.  This is why you can hear the difference between Western and Chinese music.  It is because the
Chernobyl was a nuclear power plant. Hiroshima and Nagasaki were atomic bombs. 

The difference between nuclear power plants and atomic bombs is that nuclear reactors are designed to produce fission products that are stable and can be contained and isolated from the environment for a long period of time.

A nuclear bomb is designed to explode and release a huge amount of radioactive material.  This is called fission fallout.  It is a very short-lived form of radiation.  The amount of radiation released is very small, and the amount of time it takes for it to decay is very long.
The skin on the outside and around your big toe is made up of connective tissue, called the plantar fascia. This is the part of your foot that supports your heel and the ball of your feet. When you wear high heels, you're putting a lot of weight on it, and it's not used to the weight, so it forms a bunch of calluses.
Let's say you want to send a message to Bob. 

Say you have a message that says "hey, I'm sending you a message, and I want you to send me a message back."

Let's assume that the message is written down as (e,N).

Now, let's say we have a pair of keys (e and n) that we want to use to encrypt the message.

We say "hey Bob, I have a secret key that says 'hey, you can't decrypt this message'.

So, we say:

"hey
It's to prevent key jamming.

When you press any key, the game tries to figure out what you're trying to do. If you press the A key and then press the Alt key, it will tell the game that you are trying to move the mouse to the left or right, but if you press A and then the game will tell you to move to the right or the left, but it will also tell you that you need to press A or B to move. If the game doesn't know what to do, it won't be able to figure it out.
The shortest day of the year falls at the beginning of winter and not the middle.  The reason is because the Earth's axis of rotation is tilted at 23.44° to the plane of its orbit, causing different latitudes to directly face the Sun as the Earth moves through its orbit.  This causes the solstices and equinoxes to be in the middle of the season.
The most sustainable diet for humans to take is a plant-based diet. 

We eat a lot of grains, beans, legumes, nuts, seeds, and legumes.

It's not a sustainable diet, but it's the best diet for us right now.
Vegetables are a food we have to acquire a taste for. 

We eat them because they taste good, and because they are high in vitamins and minerals.

They are also high in fiber, which is what we need to survive.
You can have OSX on a PC, but you can't have Windows on a Mac. 

The reason for this is twofold:

1. You have to pay a licensing fee for OSX to run on your PC.

2. You need to have a license to run Windows on your Mac.
Hausdorff distance is a measure of how far two points are from each other.

Euclidean distance is the distance between any two points in the Euclidean plane. 

Hausdorf distance is an extension of this.  It's the distance from any point in Euclidea to any other point in the metric space.  



It's not a metric in the sense that it's just a measurement of distance, but it's a generalisation of Euclideanism.  If you want to know how far a point is from another point, you can
Tor is a network of computers that connects to each other.  It's not a VPN, it's a proxy.  

A VPN is a way to connect to a server in another country.  A proxy is a method of connecting to another server in a different country.
It's not a crime to overdose on illegal drugs. It's a medical emergency. 

If you were to report an overdose to the police, they would have to have reasonable grounds to believe that the person was in danger, and that they were acting in good faith.
Because it was a church shooting, not a school shooting.

It's not like the Florida shooting was a mass shooting, it was an isolated incident.
When to use I vs. When to use me vs. when to use you vs. me.
The English word "fuck" comes from Old English, which is a Germanic word meaning "to fuck". 

"Fucking" is derived from the Old English "führer", which means "to give birth" or "to beget" in Old English.
It's not about the actual team, it's about the people who are involved in it. 

There are a lot of reasons why people get attached to college sports teams.

1. It's a way for people to connect with their school's athletic teams.  
2. It gives them something to look forward to.
3. It provides a platform for the players to show off their talents.
4. It allows them to get exposure to the outside world.
5. It makes them feel like they are part of something bigger than themselves.
I'm not sure, but I think it has to do with the fact that German, Russian, and Japanese are all Romance languages. 

German is a Romance language, which means that it has a lot of Slavic roots.  It's the same reason that English has many Slavic names.

Russian, for example, is a Slavic language, meaning that it's the language of the Slavic peoples who lived in the region of Russia.  The Slavic people who lived there were called the Slavs, and their language was Slavic.  They were the first people to speak Slav
Humans evolved to be bipedal and to be able to walk long distances in the cold, dry savannahs of Africa.  

Humans also have a lot of sweat glands in our skin, which helps keep us warm.

We also have more sweat glands than most other land mammals, which means that we sweat more easily, which is why we have more body hair.
Carbon is heavier than oxygen, but it is also denser than hydrogen.

Oxygen has a higher density than carbon, so it can't float in air.
I think it has to do with the fact that watermelons have a higher density than dumbbells. The watermelon has a lower density than a 5lb dumbbell.
Yemen is a country with a large Shia majority and a large Sunni minority.

The Houthi rebels, who are from the Shia minority, have taken over the capital city of Sanaa and are trying to establish their own government in the country. 

Saudi Arabia, which is a Sunni country, is a Shia country, and is trying to impose its will on the Houthi-led government.
There are two main types of turbulence. 

**Turbulence** is caused by changes in the jet stream and other local wind shears.

The jet stream is a thin layer of air above the clouds that is constantly moving up and down.  When it is at an altitude above the tropopause, there is very little convection.  This means that there is no air pressure for the air to flow through, so the air is free to rise and fall as it wants to.  The turbulence is caused when there is a change in the speed of the air.  If the air
Emotions are caused by a number of things. 

1. Your body is trying to send signals to your brain that tell it what's going on in your head.  Your brain is processing these signals in different ways.  For example, if you are scared, your brain sends a signal to your hypothalamus, which is a part of the brain that controls your heart rate and blood pressure.  When your heart is pumping, your blood vessels dilate, your pupils dilate and your palms sweat.

2. Your brain sends signals to other parts of your body that tell them what's happening
Habits are formed through repetition and reinforcement. 

If you have a bad habit, it's easier to break than it is to break a good habit.  It's not so much that you have to break the habit, but that you need to keep doing it until it becomes a habit.
Because they don't want you to buy them for use as a computer.

They don't sell them as computers, they sell them for entertainment devices.
Your inner ear is the one that tells your brain that your head is spinning. 

Your brain also sends out signals to your eyes to tell them that your eyes are moving.

When you get dizzy, your brain interprets these signals and interprets them as a loss of balance.  This is called vestibular vertigo.  It's caused by your inner ear not receiving enough information from your eyes.  Your brain then interprets the information as a lack of balance, which causes you to feel dizzy.
Divine Books are books written by people who believe that they are divinely inspired. 

For example, the Bible is a collection of prophecies written down by Jesus Christ.  They were written down during the time of Jesus' crucifixion, and were given to him by his disciples to help them understand the events of that day.

Some believe that the Bible was written by God, some believe that it is written by someone else, and some believe it is the work of a prophet.  Some believe that Jesus is the author of the Bible, and others believe that he is the one who wrote
It's cheaper for the company to have a haggling system, and it's easier for them to get the best price they can. 

If you're buying a used car, you're not going to be able to go to a dealership and ask for a new car at a lower price.  You're going to have to go somewhere else.
Net neutrality means that the internet provider can't discriminate based on the content of your traffic. 

For example, if you want to watch a movie on Netflix, you have to pay Netflix for access to it.

If you don't want Netflix to have access to your video data, you can't charge Netflix for it.
The 1st and 2nd amendment do not apply on private property. The 5th amendment does.

The 5th Amendment prohibits the government from taking private property without just compensation.
When a computer program freezes, it doesn't know what it is doing.  It's either doing something wrong, or it's not doing anything at all.

If it's doing anything wrong, it's probably doing something like this:

_URL_0_

1. The program is trying to find something in memory

2. It's trying to write something

3. It can't find anything

4. It might be doing something else

5. It may be trying to do something else, like write something to a file

6. It could be
The middle finger was used in ancient times as a symbol of sexual intercourse, in a manner meant to degrade, intimidate and threaten the individual receiving the gesture.
We don't use TVs as computer monitors.

We use them for entertainment, not for data processing.
The Poincare Conjecture is a conjecture that says that if you have a complex number field, there are infinitely many points in that field that have the same value as 0. 

This is true for any field, but it's not true for all fields.

For example, let's say we have a field *x* and we want to know how many points there are in the field. Let's say that we have *x*.

We know that if we take a point *x*, we can say that the number of points that have that same value is 0.
I'm not sure what you're asking about, but I'll give it a shot.

Senses are a collection of nerve cells that are connected to each other. 

When you touch something, they send signals to your brain that tell your brain where it is, and your brain interprets that as a signal. 


For example, if you touch a piece of paper, your brain sends a signal to your eyes that says "hey, this paper is wet" and your eyes interpret that as "it's wet".

If you touch an object, your eyes send a signal that
The TSA has to be able to detect explosives. 

If you're carrying a bottle of water, it's not going to go through the X-ray machine.  It's going to be in a sealed container in your carry-on bag.  If you're bringing a can of soda, you're going to have to take it out of your bag and put it in a baggie.

The TSA doesn't want you to have a gun in your bag, they want to make sure you're not carrying a gun.
When you hit the button, it shuts off the power supply to the remote control.

The power supply is connected to the battery in the device. When it stops working, the battery is turned off and the device shuts itself down.
When you exhale, the air in your lungs expands and expands. When you open your mouth, it expands and contracts, which causes the air to come out of your mouth and into your lungs.

When you purse your lips, you're using the muscles in your mouth to compress the air that's in your throat and mouth, so that it doesn't expand and contract.
I'm not sure what you mean by unattractive. 

I think it has to do with your perception of what makes you attractive.

If you look at a picture of a beautiful person, you automatically assume that they are attractive because they have good looks.  If you see someone with bad looks, you assume they are unattractive because they are ugly.
I'm not an expert on drugs, but I can tell you that Philip Seymour Hoffman was a very hard worker. He was a great actor, but he was also a very smart guy. He had a lot of time to think about how he was going to get through the day, and he was able to keep up with his regular schedule. 

He also had a very good sense of humor. He would joke about how much he was using heroin, and how he didn't want to be caught doing it, and that he was doing it for the money.

Hoffman was also able to
RSS is a web-based format.

JULY is a JSON format.
The mayor of Toronto is elected by the City of Toronto, not the City Council. 

The mayor is the head of the city government, and the city council is the body that makes the laws.  The mayor is appointed by the mayor, not by the council.  This means that the mayor can't be removed from office by a court.

In the case of Rob Ford, the court ruled that he had a conflict of interest, and he was allowed to stay in office until the appeal was decided.
It's not possible to resuscitate a human. 

Humans don't have the same amount of blood vessels as animals.  If you were to put a human in a vat of liquid nitrogen, you'd need to be able to pump enough blood to keep the animal alive for a long time.

If you were able to do that with an animal, it would require a lot of effort, and the animal would probably die before it could be revived.
Google uses a lot of different methods to calculate the best route. 

First, it uses the location of the road network.  It's not just the GPS, it's also the speed of the cars on the road, and the time of day.

Second, it looks at how long it takes for a car to get to a certain point, and compares that to the time it takes to get from the same point to the next point.  This is called "user-equilibrium".

This means that if you're driving on a highway, you're going to get stuck in traffic
The "death drive" is not a biological drive, it's a psychological one. It's a desire to die. 

Freud believed that there is a fundamental difference between the "life drive" and "the death drive". He believed that the death drive comes from the desire to avoid death, and that it is the result of an instinctual drive to avoid danger.

He also believed that it was a result of trauma. He thought that trauma can be traced back to the trauma of being sexually abused as a child.
The purpose of the wall outlet is to provide a direct connection between the ground and the ground. The ground is the ground of the electrical circuit, the ground is where the current is coming from.

If you have a wall outlet that is ungrounded, you can't use it to connect to the ground, but if you have one that is grounded, it can be used to connect the ground to the wall.
Microwaves don't go anywhere. They are confined by the material out of which the oven is built. When the oven turns off, all the microwaves that were in the oven are gone.
It's a combination of things. 

First, there are a lot of coal-fired power plants in Asia.  These power plants burn coal, which is a highly polluting fuel.

Second, there's lots of smog.  A lot of the smog in Asia is caused by fires.  In China, for example, it's caused by the burning of coal.  The smog is mostly caused by people burning it to make more money.  China is a very poor country, so it's a lot harder for them to clean up their own smog, so they have
Medicare is the federal program that pays for health care for all Americans.

Medicaid is the state program that covers low-income people and people with disabilities. It is the primary payer of nursing home care.
The efficiency of today's solar panels is limited by the amount of silicon used in the panels.  

Solar panels are made of a material called [crystalline silicon](_URL_0_), which is made up of a lot of different types of crystalline silicon.  This means that it takes a lot more energy to produce the same amount of energy as it takes to make the same number of cells.  The more energy you put into a cell, the more energy it takes for it to produce, and the less energy you get out of it.

The problem is that the amount
It doesn't have a huge impact on a global scale. 

The difference in temperature between a small area and a large area isn't that big.  It's the amount of energy it takes to heat up the air in a region.  The difference between the temperature in a small region and the temperature of the entire planet is a tiny amount.

If you're talking about the difference between a tiny area and the rest of the world, it's a very small difference.  If you look at the temperature difference between Europe and North America, you'll notice that the difference is very small.
It's called the crossed extension reflex. It's the same reason you feel a weakness in your legs when you stand up. 

When you orgasm, your brain sends a signal to your spinal cord that tells your muscles to contract. Your muscles contract, and your brain interprets that as a weakness.
The blue pigment is not uncommon in nature, but it is rare in nature. 

It is found in plants and animals, but we don't know where it comes from.

There are a lot of different types of blue pigments, but the most common are indigo, lapis lazuli, and indigo. 


Indigo is a naturally occurring blue pigment that is found naturally in plants, but not in nature as we know it. It can be found in the leaves of nettles and of leeks, the leaf of the fraxinus, or ash tree, and
Aspirin is an anti-inflammatory drug. Paracetamol and ibuprofen are pain killers.

Paracetaminophen is an analgesic. It is used to reduce fever.
It's not a national issue, it's a state issue.  The federal government has the authority to regulate guns, but the states have the right to decide how to regulate them.
It depends on the type of animation you're talking about.

In the early days of animation, it was done on film.  The animators would take a sheet of paper and draw a picture of a character on it.  Then they would use a rostrum camera to film the character and the background.  They would then paint over the cels with colored paint.  This was done in sequence, one frame at a time.  

Nowadays, it's done digitally.  There's a lot of software that can be used to create 3D models of the characters.
Bows are heavy and require a lot of time to reload. They also require a large amount of energy to store up, which is not something that can be achieved with a musket.

Muskets are lighter than bows, so they can be reloaded faster.
We don't know. 

We do know that there is a difference in the amount of time it takes for the ovaries to ovulate, and the length of time between ovulation and fertilization.  This is called the [Vitellogenesis](_URL_0_) cycle.  It's a cycle that lasts about 12 months.

In the US, the average length of this cycle is about 6 months.  In the UK, it's about 8 months.
They don't. 

It's not that they don't pay taxes on all of their income, it's just that they pay a small percentage of it to the government.
Sweden has a free college education.

The U.S. does not have a free university system. 

Sweden does have a university system, but it is not free.  It is funded by the government.  The government pays for it, but not all of it.
The US economy is doing well, but paychecks are growing at a "record low pace"

The US is not doing well because the economy is expanding at a record low pace, it's because the US government is spending a lot of money. 

When the US is growing, it means that there is more demand for goods and services than there is supply.  This means that people are willing to pay more for the things they want, which means that wages are rising.

In other words, when the US has a strong economy, there is less demand for things that people want, so
The NBA didn't get rid of the traveling rule.  It was just changed to make it easier for the refs to decide if the ball was in the basket before the player took a step.  

_URL_0_
The first king was the son of the last king. 

He was elected by the senate.  The senate is the body that decides who is to be the next king.
The federal government has the power to enforce the laws of the United States.  The state government is the power of the state to enforce state laws.  

If there is a dispute between the federal government and the state government, it is up to the state governor to decide who has the final say.
When you're trying to fall asleep, your body is trying to get rid of excess heat in your body. When you wake up, your blood vessels are still open, so your body has to use more blood to keep you warm. 

When you are awake, the blood vessels in your extremities are closed, and your body needs to use less blood to maintain your core temperature. This causes you to feel cold.
You can remember stupid jokes, YouTube videos and articles, but you can't remember important info/skills that could get you a job.
Some people grow up slower than others.

There are a few reasons for this:

1. The brain is still developing. 

When you're young, your brain has a lot of room to grow and develop.  Your brain is a lot bigger than it is when you're older.  This means that your brain is able to store more information.  When you get older, the amount of space in your brain starts to shrink, and your brain can't store as much information as it used to.  So, as you age, you have less space to store information, and you
Some USB cables are designed to be used for file sharing, and some are designed for data transfer. 

The reason for this is because the USB standard is designed to only allow a single device to connect to a USB port, and not multiple devices at the same time.

For example, if you want to send a file from your computer to your phone, you need to connect the phone to the USB port first. If you want your phone to be able to send data to your computer, you have to connect it to the port first, and then the phone needs to be connected to the computer.
When you take a picture, you're using a camera with a wide angle lens.  The light coming from the sun hits the front of the camera and bounces off the back of the lens, creating highlights and shadows.  When the flash is on, it bounces the light off the wall, ceiling, etc.  This causes the light to bounce off of the wall and bounce back to the camera, creating shadows.
It depends on the bar.  

If you're talking about a small bar, the bartender will have a list of drinks that are priced at $5, $10, $15, $20, $25, $30, $40, $50, $60, $80, $100, $120, $125, $150, $200, $250, $300, $400, $500, $600, $700, $800, $1000, $1,000, $2,000.

For larger bars, the bartenders will have different drinks that
It's a safety thing. 

When you plug a plug into a wall outlet, the ground wire is connected to the ground screw.  The ground wire needs to be grounded to the wall.  If you don't have a ground wire, you can't plug the plug into the outlet.

If you have a plug with a hole in it, it's because the plug is too wide to fit into the receptacle.
I think it's because when you're thinking about something, your brain is trying to focus on one thing at a time. When you shake your head, you're telling your brain that you're not thinking about that thing right now, and you're trying to change your train of thought.
Oklahoma State University is a public university, which means that they have the right to expel students based on something they've said.

It's not illegal to expel a student based on what they say, it's illegal for them to expel someone based on the fact that they said something they shouldn't say.
Doppler effect is caused by the fact that light waves bounce off of each other at different speeds.

Think of it like this: 

Imagine you have a ball bouncing off of a wall.  If the ball bounces off of the wall, it bounces off the wall at a different speed than if it bounced off of you.  This is called the Doppler Effect.  It causes the frequency of the ball to change, and the wavelength of the light to change.  The wavelength of light is the difference between the speed of light and the speed at which the ball is bouncing.
I think it's a combination of things.

1. Your brain is trying to remember what happened in your dream. 

2. Your body is waking up from a dream.
It depends on how far away the star is. 

If you look at a star from a certain distance, it will appear brighter because it is closer to the sun.  If it is farther away, you will see it as more faint.

The reason for this is called Doppler effect.  When light hits your eyes, it bounces off of the rods and cones in your eyes and causes them to vibrate.  This causes the light to bounce off of your retina, which causes it to appear dimmer.  The same thing happens when light hits the rod cells in the back of
The UK is a liberal democracy. It was almost the only liberal democracy not to have legalised hardcore pornography during the 1960s and 1970s.
Chili peppers contain capsaicin. Capsaicin binds with pain receptors in the mouth and throat, which is why they require gloves when handling/eating/cooking them.
I think it has to do with the speed of sound.

Explosive charges travel at the same speed as the earth, but they travel at different speeds in different directions. 

When the first charge detonates, it causes a shockwave to propagate through the earth.  This shockwave causes the earth to shake, which causes the ground to shake as well.  When the second charge is detonated, the shockwave is slowed down, and the ground doesn't shake as much.
I'm not sure how they do it, but I'm guessing it's a combination of the two.

_URL_0_
It depends on the game. 

If you're talking about the source code of the game, it's written in the game's source code.  The source code is the code that the game uses to make the graphics, sound, sound effects, etc.  It's written by the game developers, and it's compiled into a file called the Source Code.

When you make a mod, you're modifying the code in a way that makes it easier for the game to run.  For example, if you're making a mod for a game that doesn't allow you to play it, you
You're looking at the Hubble telescope.  It's a very large telescope, it's about the size of a football field, and it has a very wide field of view.  You can see the stars, galaxies, planets, asteroids, and other objects in the night sky.

It's also a very good camera, so you can take pictures of everything in the sky at night.
We don't scan for alien radiowaves with earthbound antenna's.

We scan for them with radio telescopes.
I think it's because of the fact that it's a gateway drug. 

There's no evidence that marijuana is a gateway to other drugs, and there's no reason to believe that decriminalizing it would make it any less of a gateway.
Your body's natural reaction to an inury is to enflame and increase bloodflow, why do we ice it to do just the opposite?
Alpha and beta males exist in the human species, and are just meaningless jargon used by pickup artists to describe men who are not assertive, particularly with women.
I think it has to do with the fact that our brains are wired to recognize the differences between our own voice and that of other people. 

When you hear someone else's voice, your brain recognizes it as a different sound than your own, so you can tell that it sounds different to them.

But when you hear your own voice, it's not so much that it's different.  It's that your brain tells your brain that your voice is different from the voice of someone else, so your brain interprets it as being different.
I think it has to do with the fact that people are willing to pay a lot of money for a watch.  

If you have a Rolex, you can buy it for $100,000.  If you have an Omega, it will cost you $500,000, but if you want to buy a Timex, it's going to cost you a lot more than that.
Potholes are caused when the road surface wears out.

Asphalt is made up of a bunch of tiny little pieces of concrete, and when you drive on it, you push on it with your car. 

When you drive over a pothole, you are pushing on the asphalt, and the asphalt is deformed.  This deformation causes the asphalt to break down and form a hole.
Your skin is a very good insulator. It absorbs heat from the surrounding environment and transfers it back to your core. 

Your core is also a very important part of your body.  Your body needs to maintain a constant core temperature in order to function properly.  If your core is too cold, your body will start to lose heat and you will get hypothermia.

If your skin is too hot, your core will become too cold and your heart will stop pumping blood to your heart.  This is why you need to keep your core temperature constant.
It's not that a single person can't color an image, it's just that it's a lot of work. 

Casablanca was shot on black and white film, not color film.  It's not like you can color a single frame of a movie.
Batteries in a cupboard don't leak acid all the time.

They are designed to be stored in a dry state with little capacity loss if their seal is not removed. 

If the battery is over-filled with water and electrolyte, excess water accumulates in the cell, flooding the cathode and destroying its active properties.
When you increase the volume in a tv, you're increasing the amount of power being used by the speakers. 

When you turn up the volume, the sound gets louder because the sound waves are being amplified at a higher frequency than before.  This is due to the fact that the speakers are using more power to produce the same amount of sound.
I think it was a combination of factors. 

1. The fact that they were located in a remote location, which means that they could not be accessed from anywhere else.

2. They were not connected to the internet in any way, so they were not able to connect to the Internet at all.  This is why they were able to get away with it for so long.  If they were in a physical location, they would not be able to access the internet.  They would have to be connected to a server in another country, which is not possible.  So they had to
Dairy cows are kept in a factory farm environment where they have to be separated from their mothers, they are not allowed to graze, and they are housed in large pens. This causes them to suffer from mastitis, which is a bacterial infection that can kill them. 

Dairy cattle are also kept in pens where they can't get out of their pens for long periods of time, which can cause them to get sick and die. This is a huge economic loss for the dairy industry.

In addition to this, there is also a lot of stress put on the cows by being kept in
LLVM is a programming language.  It is a set of rules that describe how a computer language should be written.  The reason it exists is because it is a standard library for programming languages.  

There are a lot of languages that can be written in LLVM, but LLVM is one of the most well-known.  For example, there are many languages written in C++, C#, Go, Python, Ruby, Rust, Erlang, and soon, WebAssembly (currently under development).

The reason LLVM exists is to make it easier for programmers to write and
They use makeup artists to make the actors look younger than they actually are.

They also use make-up artists to give the actors a different look. 

For example, in the first episode of the first season of the show, the character was supposed to be 14 years old, but because of licensing regulations, the actor was required to be a 16-17 year old who could "play down" the age of the character, so they had to make him look 16 or 17 years old.
It's not that we're getting fatter, it's that we are eating more calories than we used to. 

When we were hunter gatherers, we would eat whenever possible and efficiently store the energy absorbed as fat to use when resources were scarce.

Nowadays, we live in a world where there is a lot of food, and we have a lot more time to eat, so we are more likely to eat more.
Spammers don't know where to find you. 

They don't have a way to track you down.  They don't even know where you are.
Your iris is made of pigments called melanin. Melanin is a pigment that absorbs light and reflects it back to your eyes. 

Your eyes are made up of a bunch of cells called retinal ganglion cells. The color of your eyes is determined by the amount of melanin in your iris and the frequency of the scattering of light by the turbid medium in the stroma of the iris.
Wifi and 4g are not the same thing. 

Wifi is a way for you to connect to the internet.  It's a way to send and receive data at the same time.

4g is the same way, it's just a different way of sending and receiving data.
Tobacco is a plant. It's not just tobacco, it's a bunch of chemicals. 

The reason it's so much more harmful than just tobacco is because it contains a lot of chemicals that are not known to be harmful.

For example, when you smoke a cigarette, you're inhaling a ton of different chemicals. Some of them are harmless, some are carcinogens, and some are just chemicals that we don't know what they are.
If Bigfoot was real, they would have found some dead ones/ remains or even bones.

It's not that they would not have found them, it's just that they wouldn't have been able to find them.
They aren't just wires with magnets, in the end. 

They are made of metal.

The reason they are so expensive is because they have to be made by a company that knows how to make them, and they have a lot of experience with making them.
If you sell something that says "not labeled for individual sale" it's not illegal.

It's illegal if you sell it to someone else.
I think it has to do with the fact that when you're drawing, you're visualizing what you want it to look like, and when you actually draw it, you don't know how it's going to look.
Tobacco is bad for your heart, but it doesn't extend to chewing tobacco as well. 

It's not that it's bad for the heart, it's that the chemicals in tobacco smoke affect the blood vessels that carry oxygen to your heart.

Carbon monoxide and cyanide are two of the most harmful chemicals found in tobacco, but they're not the only ones.  The other two are acrylonitrile and formamidopyrimidine, which are both carcinogens.  These two chemicals cause the heart to constrict, which causes your heart to pump less blood
The idea of being "professional" in work environments comes from the idea that if you work hard, you should be treated like a professional. 

The idea that you should behave professionally in a work environment comes from a desire to be treated as a professional by the people around you.
It depends on the language you're using. 

For example, if you're writing a web application, you might want to write it in C++, but if you want to make it run on Windows, you need to write the code in C#.

If you're building a game in Java, you can write the program in Java and then compile it into C#, which is then compiled into C++.
It depends on the speed of the lightning. 

Lightning travels at a very high speed, so the sound waves traveling through the air are traveling at a different speed than the ones travelling through the ground.

When lightning strikes the air, it heats up the air around it, causing it to expand.  This causes the air to expand, which causes the sound wave to change shape.  When the air expands, it creates a shock wave, which is what makes the sound of thunder.
I think it has to do with the fact that insects are not as big as big animals.  

If you look at a big animal, it is more likely that it is going to be killed by a predator.  If it is a small animal, you are more likely to see it as a potential threat to you.

Insects, on the other hand, are less likely to be a threat to humans.  They can't be hunted down by predators, they can't run away from predators, and they don't have as much of a chance of being eaten by predators.
I think it's because you're rubbing your tummy.  Your body is trying to get rid of whatever is causing the pain.
Comas are caused by damage to the brain. 

When you are in a coma, your brain stops working properly.  Your brain stops responding to pain, light, sound, smell, etc.  It stops functioning properly, and your body can't respond to any of those things.

Comas can be caused by a variety of things, but the most common is a traumatic brain injury.  The brain is damaged in such a way that it can no longer respond to pain or sound, so it can't be stimulated.  This is why you can't wake up from a coma.
Pigeons can be trained to go to a specific location. They are trained to fly back and forth up to twice a day reliably, covering round-trip flights up to 160 km (100 miles per hour) and speeds of up to 120 km/h (100 mi).
Bills are cheaper to produce than coins.

Silver is cheaper to make than gold, but gold is more valuable than silver. 

Gold is worth more than silver, but silver is less valuable than paper money.
They don't. 

There are two main methods.

The "top-down" method is the "bottom-up" method.  This is the method that is used in New York City.  It involves digging a tunnel, laying concrete slabs, and then laying concrete supports for the various levels of the station.  The concrete is laid on top of the dirt and gravel, and the concrete is poured on top.  Then the TBM (tunnel boring machine) is used to bore through the dirt, laying the foundations for the station, and laying the concrete supports.
The exchange rate is a measure of the value of the currency in the market.  

Say you have a dollar and you want to buy a banana.  You want to sell it to someone in the US for $1.  So you go to the bank and say "hey, I'll give you $1 for a banana".  The bank says "okay, you can do that, but you have to pay me $1 in US dollars."  So they give you a dollar, and you go and buy the banana.

Now, let's say you have $100,000
In a crowd, there is no room for rational thinking.  

When you are in a group, you are surrounded by other rational thinking people.  You can't think for yourself, you can only think for others.  When you're in a crowd you can think for other people, but you can't do for yourself.

In groups, there are no rules.  There are no limits to what you can and cannot do.  If you want to do something, you have to follow the rules of the group.  The rules are not set by you, they are set by the
The process of inventing a vaccine is the process of isolating a virus. 

First, the virus is isolated from a living organism.  
Then, the scientists try to figure out how the virus will interact with your immune system, and how it will react to the vaccine.  This is called the "genotyping" phase.

This is where the scientists look at the DNA of the virus and try to find out how it interacts with the immune system.  They then use computer algorithms to model how the vaccine will work, and then they test it on cells in a laboratory.
Some trans-women can self-lubricate after surgery, but it depends on the type of surgery. 

Some trans women can self lubricate, but not all trans women do.
It depends on who you ask.

The Federal Election Commission (FEC) regulates campaign finance in the United States.  They are required by law to report how much money is spent, and who gets it.  Most of the time, it goes to the candidates.  The FEC reports how much they spend on TV ads, radio ads, mailers, etc.  

There are a few exceptions to this rule.  For example, if you donate to a 501(c)(4) political action committee (PAC), they are allowed to spend unlimited amounts of money on ads.  These
When an image is blown up, it's painted rather than pixelated.

When you take a picture, you're taking a picture of a single point of light, and you're trying to represent it as a series of points of light. 

If you take an image of a piece of paper, and put it on a computer screen, you can see that the paper is made up of a bunch of tiny dots.  These dots are called "pixels".  When you blow up the paper, you are taking the dots and putting them on top of each other.  This makes the paper
They're not allowed to say whatever they want. 

The First Amendment protects the right to free speech.
It's called the [laryngeal adductor reflex](_URL_0_). When you swallow, the muscles in your throat contract to close the airway, which causes the vocal folds to close in order to protect the food going into the lungs.
Short-term memory is stored in your brain as a "slots" in which information is stored. 

Long-term memories are stored in the brain's "long-term storage" which is the part of the brain that is responsible for storing information.  The long-term store is called the "working" memory.  It is a part of your brain that stores information that is important to you.

When you lose a memory, your brain tries to store it in the "short-term" storage, which is where it is stored, but it doesn't work as well as it
When you're talking on the phone, your brain is trying to keep track of what's going on around you.  It's a lot easier to focus on what you're saying than it is on what's happening around you, so it's easier for your brain to process. 

When you walk in circles, you're also focusing on your phone, so your brain has a lot more time to process what you are saying.
The neutrinos that were sent to CERN were sent from the Large Magellanic Cloud (LMC) supernova. The LMC supernova was a massive explosion that occurred in 1987, and the LMC has been sending out a huge amount of neutrino beams ever since. 

The LMC is a massive collider that shoots out a massive beam of protons and neutrines.  It's called a synchrotron, and it's the largest particle accelerator in the world.

When the beam hits the collider, it bounces off of a bunch of different things
Gran Turismo has been around for a long time. It's been around since the early 90s, but it's been in development for a lot longer than that. 

It was originally developed by a company called Criterion Games, which is now known as EA Sports.

The original game was called Gran Turismo, and it was developed by the same company that makes Forza Motorsport games. It was released in 1993, and was a huge success. It sold over 100 million copies, and the company was able to make a lot of money off of it. It also became a huge hit
The clicker is a device that makes a sound to signal to the dog that he/she has done the right thing. 

When you click the clicker, the dog gets rewarded with a treat.
They don't.  

They get paid for advertising.  They don't make a profit, they make a lot of money.  If you buy an app for free, it's free.  But if you buy it for $5, you're paying $5 for it.

If you buy the app for $10, you pay $10 for it, and they make $5.  That's a profit.
There are a lot of tests that can tell you what STD's you are infected with. 

The easiest way to know is to use a Western Blot test.  This is a test that looks at the DNA of a virus and tells you if it is present in your blood.  It can also tell you if you are sexually active.

If you are not sexually active, you should get tested for STDs.
Kim Jong-un is the current leader of North Korea. He is the son of Kim Jong-il, who was named his father's successor at the Sixth Congress of the Workers' Party of Korea in 1980.

If the U.S. sent in a team to North Korea and assassinated him, it would be seen as a coup d'état. 

North Korea would have a new leader, who would be the leader of the country, and the new leader would have to deal with the consequences of being overthrown.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'll try to explain.

In the US, wealth is not evenly distributed.  The top 1% of the population owns about half of the total wealth, and the bottom 80% own about half.  This means that the top 20% of Americans own 86% of all the wealth, while the bottom 20% own 14%.

There are two main reasons for this:

1. The US is a very wealthy country.  We have a lot of wealth, but we also have a huge number of people who are poor.
I think it has to do with the fact that rubbing your back feels good. 

When you scratch your back, your brain sends signals to your spinal cord telling it that you are being scratched, which causes your nerves to fire, which makes you feel good.
When air is hot, it expands, which lowers its density, which makes it less dense than the surrounding air. When it cools down, it becomes lighter, which causes it to rise.
Zambia's economy is heavily dependent on mining and agriculture. 

Australia is heavily reliant on agriculture and mining.

The difference between Australia and Zambia is that Australia is a developed country with a developed infrastructure and a developed economy.  Zambia's infrastructure is a developing country with an underdeveloped infrastructure. 

 >  How can some countries that rely on resource extraction and agriculture, like Australia for instance, be really rich, but others, like say Zambia, are really poor?
Hedge funds are not perfectly hedged.  

They don't.  They use leverage, which means that they borrow money from other people and sell it on the open market.  This means that when they make a profit, they use that money to buy more shares of other stocks.  If they have enough shares, they can sell them at a higher price than the market price.

If they don't have enough stocks, they sell them to other people.  Then they use the extra money they have to buy other stocks and sell them.  That's how they make money.
They don't.  

They have contracts with their agents.  They negotiate with the actors guilds.  The actors guild negotiates with the show's producers.  It's a very complicated process.

Edit: I'm not sure if this is ELI5, but I'm going to assume it's the same as any other contract.
Allergies cause inflammation in your eyes. Rubbing them makes it worse but it feels oh so good.
They don't. 

They are designed to fire at a high rate of fire, so they don't need to deal with the friction at all.

The problem is that the barrel is a very large bulk of metal, so the friction between the bullet and the rifling causes it to expand and contract, which causes the barrel to heat up.  This causes the gun to fire faster, which means that the bullet has to travel at a higher rate of speed to get through the barrel.  If the barrel was designed to handle that much friction, it wouldn't be able to do it.
"I dropped the soap" is actually a line from Monty Python and the Holy Grail.  It's a joke, but it comes from a scene in the movie.

_URL_0_
If they were to go into a coma for an extended period of time, they would die from lack of oxygen to the brain. 

They would die of hypoxia, which is basically a lack of blood flow to their brain.
Because it was the dominant browser at the time. 

Internet Explorer 6 was the last version of Internet Explorer that was really good.  It was the best version of the browser, but it was also the least stable.

It was also one of the last versions of the web browser that had a lot of bugs, so it was a lot harder to fix.
When you are under duress, your brain sends signals to your eyes to tell them that your heart is beating, and your eyes are telling your brain that you are moving. 

Your brain interprets these signals as vibrations in your eyes, and interprets them as movement in your vision.
It's not trickle down economics, it's austerity. 

Greece's debt level is at 110% of GDP, more than 40 percentage points below the baseline scenario with market based interest rates.

The problem is that Greece has a huge amount of debt, and is not able to pay it off, so they have to borrow money from the rest of the world to pay off their debt.  
They can't cut taxes, they can't raise taxes, and they don't have the money to do so.
It depends on the state. Some states require you to blur out the license plate, others don't. 

In some states, it's a violation of the law, so it's not necessary.
Quantum mechanics is a theory of how the universe works.

The Standard Model is a model of the universe.  It describes how everything in the universe is made up of a bunch of particles and how they interact with each other.  

There are a lot of things in the Standard Model that we don't understand, but we know how they work.  For example, if you look at a piece of paper, you can see that it has a number of lines on it.  These lines represent the laws of conservation of energy and conservation of momentum.  The Standard Model describes how these laws
A quantifier is a sentence that turns a sentence about something having some property into a statement about the number (quantity) of things having the property. 

For example, "All people are mortal" is a quantifier because it says "all people have the property that they are mortal".

A sentence that says "there is no such thing as a quantified sentence" is not a sentence, it's a formula.

Let's say you want to know how many people there are in the world. You can say "there are no such things as quantifiers", but you can't
I don't know what you mean by "do not throw in trash" but I think it means "don't throw it in the trash".
Your body has two systems. The sympathetic (fight or flight) and the parasympathetic (rest and recuperation) systems.  The sympathetic system is responsible for the fight or flight response.  When you are stressed, your body sends signals to your brain to activate the sympathetic nervous system.  This is what causes you to feel tired, tired, and exhausted.

When you are not stressed, you don't have the sympathetic system activated.  Your body doesn't need to fight or run, it just needs to rest and recuperate.
You should be able to pick up the phone and dial a number by playing a recording of a touch tone. 

It's not that simple, it's that you have to match the frequency band to a frequency band.

If you're talking to a landline, you can pick up a signal from the phone, but you need to know what frequency band it's coming from.
The camera is not in the mirror, it's behind the character. 

The camera can't be seen because the camera is in front of the character, and the character is behind the camera.
Time has always existed. It's just that we don't know where it came from. We don't have any evidence that it existed before the universe was created, so we can't say with certainty that it's always been there.
Because they don't want to lose money on shows that aren't as good as the ones they already have. 

FX and FXX make shows that are rated TV-MA because they want to appeal to a younger demographic.

NBC, CBS, Fox, and the CW don't have that kind of budget.
Jupiter's atmosphere is made up of a lot of gas and dust, and it's constantly changing shape due to the gravitational pull of its moons. 

Jupiter has two large moons (Europa and Ganymede) that are in an orbital resonance with it, and their interactions keep it in an eccentric (elliptical) state.  This means that they have a slightly different gravitational pull than the opposite side of the planet, which causes them to appear to be "layered".
No one cares about the man in the box. 

It's a quote from the movie The Prestige.  It's meant to be a joke, but it's also a statement about how no one really gives a shit about what happens to the man inside the box, because he's not important.
Your ears are connected to the air in your nose and sinuses. When the cabin is pressurised, the pressure inside your nose is equal to the pressure outside, so your sinuses can expand and contract. This causes pressure to build up inside your ears, which causes them to pop.
Fountains work by pumping water from the tap into the fountains. 

The water is pumped out of the tap by a pump.  The pump is connected to a motor that powers a rotating impeller, which pushes the water through the pipes.  When the water is full, the impeller spins the water, which causes it to fall into the fountain.

When the water stops flowing, the pump stops working, and the water falls into a bucket.  This bucket is filled with water, and when it's full, it falls into the bucket, which is then filled with more
They don't. 

99 cent stores work by using the same amount of change as the price of the item they sell.  If you buy something for $1.50, they will give you a dollar for every dollar you pay for it.  So if you pay $1 for a $2.50 item, they'll give you $2 for every $1 you pay.

If you buy a $4.00 item, you'll get a $3.50 for $5.00.  This is because they don't want you to pay $10 for the $5 item
I think it's because when you are alone and it is quiet, your brain is trying to fill in the gaps in your memory. 

When you are talking to yourself, you hear your own voice.  When you are not talking, you are hearing the voice of someone else speaking to you.
There is no definitive number of colours that humans can see. 

We have three types of cone cells in our eyes, one for each color.

Our eyes are made up of a bunch of different types of cones, each of which can pick up a different wavelength of light.  The longer the wavelength of the light, the more sensitive the cone cells are, so we can see more than 100 different wavelengths of light at the same time.
Common Core is a set of standards that states have decided they want to use to teach their students how to do math. 

The idea behind it is that it will help them learn how to think in a more systematic way, so that they will be able to do more complex math.

For example, if you want to know how to solve a complex problem, you need to know that you have to solve it in a certain way, and that you can't do it in any other way. So you need a way to solve complex problems. 


The problem with Common Core math is that
It's not that the sun hurts your eyes, it's that you're looking directly at the photosphere of the sun. The photosphere is the part of your eye that receives light from the sun and reflects it back to the rest of your body. 

When you look at the sun, the light is bouncing off of your cornea, which is a layer of cells in your eye. The light bounces off of the cornea and bounces back to your brain, which then sends the information to your eyes. Your brain then interprets the information and sends it to you.

If you look directly
Your nose is filled with mucus.  When water gets in, it causes the mucus to clog up your sinuses.  The mucus clogs up the sinuses so much that it starts to sting.
It's not so much that it's hard to make, it's that there are so many different types of resistors. 

For example, if you want to make a resistor with a voltage of 1.5V, you need to make it with a material that has a resistance of 0.1V/mΩ, which means that it has to be made of a material with a resistance that is 0.01V.

If you want a resistor with a resistivity of 1mA, you have to make one that is 1mA/mV, which is about 1/
In economics, the IS-LM model is used to model the relationship between money supply and demand for goods and services.  

In the IS model, the money supply is represented with the IS curve, which is a set of points representing the equilibrium in demand and supply, and the LM curve is the equilibrium between the IS and LM curves.  The IS curve is a measure of the amount of money in the economy.  If the IS is zero, then there is no demand for money, and there's no supply of money.

The LM curve, on the other hand, is the measure
Hospitals in the U.S. don't get paid by the government, they get paid from private insurance companies. 

Medicaid is a public health insurance program that provides health care for people who are not covered by their employer.  The government pays hospitals for the care they provide, but the hospitals have to pay it back to the private insurers.

This means that they have to charge a lot of money to cover the costs of treating uninsured patients.
There is a ground. 

It's called the earth's magnetic field.

The earth is a conductor of electricity.  It acts like a conductor because it acts as a magnet. 


If you want to know how electricity works in space, you need to think about it like this:

Imagine you are walking on a piece of metal.  If you put it on the ground, it will conduct electricity, but it won't be able to do so because it's not a conductor.  The ground is the magnetic field, and it acts like the conductor of the electricity.
I'm not sure what you're talking about. 

Cash checking is a way for banks to keep track of how much money you have in your checking account.  If you don't have enough cash in your account to pay your bills, they will tell you that you need to put it in a savings account.

If you have too much money in your bank account, they'll tell you to put the money in the savings account, but if you have more than that, they won't let you put it into your savings account until you pay them back.  This is because they don't want
Your body has two sets of nerves in your skin, one for cold and one for warmth.  Your brain sends the cold signal to your brain, and your body sends the warmth signal to the brain.  When you touch a warm part of your body with really cold hands, your brain sends both signals to the same nerve.
Your brain has a bunch of different parts that are responsible for different things. 

Your amygdala is the part of your brain that tells you what's going on around you.  When you're scared, your brain sends signals to other parts of the brain that tell you what to do.

When you're in a situation where you don't know what is going on, your amygdala sends out signals to your other brain parts that tell them to do what they need to do to get you out of the situation.  This is called the "fight or flight" response.
I think it has something to do with the fact that our fingerprints are unique to us. 

Our fingerprints are the result of friction between our skin and the surface of our hands and feet, and because of this, we have unique patterns that we can't change.

We don't have to change our fingerprints to be able to identify each other, we just need to know that we have them, and we can use them to identify ourselves.
Calories are a measure of the amount of energy your body needs to produce. 

When you eat a lot of food, your body stores it as fat.  When you don't eat enough food, it turns into calories.

If you eat too many calories, you will gain weight.
Neosporin is an anti-inflammatory drug. 

It binds to proteins in your skin, and binds to them in a way that prevents them from being broken down by the bacteria in your cut.
If there is a fire in the stairwell, you need to get out of the building. There are two ways to do this. 

1. You can run down the stairs to the ground floor and try to find a way down to the first floor.

2. If you can't get down, you can use the stairs as a ladder to get to the second floor.
It's called rolling code. 

The car key fob has a radio transmitter that transmits a rolling code every time the key is pressed.  If the car key is in the right place, the radio transmitter receives the code and sends it to the receiver.  The receiver then sends the code back to the car, which is then read by the car.

If the car fob doesn't have rolling code, the car won't be able to open the door.
You can control the voice in your head, but you can't control what it says. 

Your brain has a lot of control over how it interprets sound, but it doesn't control how it communicates with your body.
Pawn shops don't make checks out to other people, they make them out to themselves. 

If you want to borrow money from a pawn shop, you have to prove that you are the owner of the item.  If you don't have proof of ownership, you can't get the money back.
When you sleep, your body goes through a process called circadian rhythm. This is the cycle of when your body turns on and off, and when it turns off. 

When you don't get enough sleep, you're not getting enough sleep.

Your body is going through a cycle called the circadian rhythm, which is basically a cycle of blood pressure, heart rate, oxygen consumption, temperature, and brain activity. This cycle is regulated by your body's hypothalamus, which controls your metabolism.  When you're awake, your brain is doing a lot of work, and your body is trying to keep
It's not that politicians hate it so much, it's that they don't understand it.

In the US, we have a lot of people who work in the financial industry, and they are the ones who make most of the money. They are the people who make the decisions that affect our economy, and the people that make those decisions are the politicians.
Charter schools are public schools that operate independently of the local government school district.  They are funded by the state or local government, but they are not publicly funded.
PC games are written on the hard drive, not on the disc.

Console games, on the other hand, are written in the console's memory card, which is the same as a hard drive.
I'm not sure what you mean by "universal". 

Taste and smell are not universally the same across all humans.

There are a lot of things that can go into it, but the most important one is that we have evolved to be able to detect the difference between different tastes and smells.  For example, we have a taste receptor in our noses that tells us if something is salty or sweet, and we can tell if it's sour or bitter.  We also have receptors that tell us if things are salty or sour, and our taste buds can tell the difference.
I think it has to do with the different types of fats in the milk.  Cow milk has a lot of capric acid in it, which makes it taste different than goat milk.

Goat milk, on the other hand, has more capric acids, which make it taste more like cheese.
It's because Latin is the first language. 

It's the language of the Romans.  It was the language that was used by the Romans to communicate with each other.  They were the first people to speak the language, and they were the ones to write it down.
Sweden burns their trash for power, but they don't release toxins into the environment.

They burn it to generate heat, and then use the heat to generate electricity.
There are a lot of people who write viruses. 

Most of them don't know how to write good code.

They write viruses because they're bored.  They're bored because they don't have a job, and because they want to make money.  It's not that they're malicious programmers, it's that they are bored.
Wind is the movement of charged particles in the air. 

Think of it like a river.  The water in the river is moving, but the air is moving with it.

The air is constantly moving, and the water is constantly being pushed around by the wind.
Proteins are important in the nervous system because they act as receptors. 

They are important because they are part of the cell membrane, which is the membrane that connects the brain to the rest of the body.

When a protein binds to a receptor, it activates the receptor, which activates other proteins in the cell, which in turn activate other proteins, and so on.
The golden rule of the stock market is to buy when low, sell when high, who is doing it the other way around?
Radian measure is a circular measure.  It's a measure of angle, not a unit of length.  

Radians are used because they are the simplest way to measure angles.  The length of a circle is defined as the angle between the center of the circle and the radius of the circumference.  If you take a circle and divide it by a circle, you get a radian.

If you take an angle of 360 degrees and multiply it by the circumference, then you get the radian, which is the length of the arc.
The heart is the seat of reason. It is the center of thought, reason, and emotion. 

Emotions are caused by the body's nervous system, and the heart is a seat of the heart.

If you put your hand on your chest, you can feel the beating of your heart. If you touch your hand to your chest with your other hand, you feel the heart beating.
The logic behind Reddit up votes and down votes is that the more upvotes you get, the more likely you are to get upvoted.  

The reason for this is that if you have a lot of upvotes and few downvotes, it means that the post has a higher chance of getting upvotes than if you only have a few upvotes.

If you have 1 upvote and 1 downvote, then the post is more likely to get downvoted than if it has 0 upvotes or 0 downvotes.
It depends on the street you're on.

If you're at an intersection with a major road, it's easy to decide which street you want to be on. 

But if you're in a residential area, you're going to want to choose a street that's less busy than the main road, so if you live on a street with a lot of other houses, you might want to go down the other side of the street.
Rubber is made of rubber, and when it wears out, it falls off. 

The chunks of rubber that are left on the side of the highway are mostly from old tires that have worn out and are not being replaced by new ones.
It doesn't. 

Viruses are made up of a lot of different things.

1. They are made of DNA, RNA, and proteins.
2. When they come in contact with air, they get chopped up.
3. They don't reassemble themselves.
4. They die.
There are a lot of things that can be used to measure climate change.  

First, you can use things like tree rings.  Tree rings are used to record the temperature of the earth at different times in the past.  They can tell us how much of the atmosphere was covered by ice and how much was not.

Second, you could use carbon isotopes.  Carbon isotopes can tell you how long it has been since the earth was last warm.  These can be measured by measuring the amount of CO2 in the air.  This can be done by comparing the CO2
It's not designed to clean the whole windshield. 

It's designed to remove dirt and debris from the rear window and the side mirror.
Pimples are caused by bacteria or fungus. Blackheads are caused when bacteria or fungi grow in the dermis, which is the outer layer of the skin.
When you bleed the air out of the radiator, you're actually reducing the amount of heat that's being generated by the radiator. 

The amount of air that is being drawn out of a radiator is a very small amount, so it doesn't make a huge difference.

However, when you bleed out the air from the radiator you're increasing the pressure in the pipes that carry the heat to the hot water heater, which means that the heat is being transferred to the water heater.
The blockchain is a ledger of all the transactions that have ever been made in Bitcoin. 

It's a record of every single transaction that has ever happened in the history of the Bitcoin network.

When a new transaction is made, it is added to the blockchain, which is a list of all previous transactions that were made in the past.  
 
When someone sends a bitcoin to another person, the network has to verify that the person who sent the transaction has used the correct private key/public key pair.  If the private key is not used, then the transaction is not valid.
HTTPS encrypts all data sent over the internet. 

HTTPS is a protocol that encrypts and decrypts the contents of a message before it gets to your computer.  
   

   HTTPS is a way to encrypt all data transmitted over the Internet.  It's not as secure as plain text, but it's a lot more secure than plain text.
They don't have to.  Trademark law says that they can't do that.  They have to show that they are doing it in the course of their business.  If they don't, they can sue.
It's not so much that resetting your computer or wireless router fixes the problem, it's that it makes it easier for you to find the problem and fix it. 

If you have a computer that has a hard drive that is full of crap, it can be hard to find.  If you reset the hard drive, you can find all the crap that is there.
It depends on the type of ad. 

For example, if it's an ad for a product or service, it can be accepted as an ad if the advertiser has the right to put it there.

If it's a scam, then it can't be an ad.
I think it has to do with the way your brain stores information. 

Your brain has two main types of memories: episodic memories and destination memories.

Episodic memories are the ones that are stored in your brain that you remember.  They are the things that happen in your life that are important to you.  For example, if you have a conversation with your best friend, you will remember the details of the conversation, but you will forget the finer details of big events.  This is because your brain doesn't store them in the same place in your memory.  It stores them
It's because when you look at a picture, your brain interprets it as a series of still images.  Your eyes are used to seeing a single image, so when you see a picture that's moving, it's easier for your brain to tell that it's moving.

When you see an animation, your eyes are looking at a sequence of images at 24 frames per second.  This is because your brain is used to looking at one picture at a time.  When you see something moving, you see it as one picture.  So your brain tells your brain that the picture is moving.
I think it has to do with cultural norms. 

Sweden is still a cash-based society, so there are still a lot of people who don't like to use cash.

Germany, on the other hand, is a cashless society.  They don't use cash, so they don't need to accept credit cards.
When you have energy, it is stored in the form of potential energy. 

Think of it like this:

Imagine you have a piece of paper with a bunch of electrons in it, and you want to write down the number of electrons that are in the lowest energy state in the paper.

Now, imagine you have an electron in the highest energy state.  If you write down how many electrons are in that state, you can see that there are a lot of them.  So you write out how many of them are in a given energy state, and how much energy it takes to
It's called vasoconstriction. When you're born, your chest is compressed by the placenta. This causes the blood vessels in your lungs to expand, which allows for more air to enter your lungs.

When you're not breathing, your body doesn't know how to breathe, so it doesn't have any way of telling you that you need to start breathing.
I'm not sure what problems are still preventing a hoverboard from being created and mass marketed.  

I think the main problem is that the board is too expensive.  It costs a lot of money to make, and there is no way for it to be mass produced.
When you're in bed, your brain is in a state of deep sleep, so it's not able to process as much information as it is during the day. When you're awake, you're constantly thinking about what's going on in the world around you, so your brain isn't able to slow down as much.
The US has no official religion, so there is no official law against same-sex marriage.  

However, there are a number of religious groups that believe that marriage is only between a man and a woman, and that it is against the teachings of the bible.
It's because capacitive touchscreens only work with the tip of your finger, not the pen or other non-conductive implement. 

A pen or pencil can be used as a pen, but it doesn't have the same capacitance as a touch screen, so it won't be able to detect the change in capacitance between your finger and the screen.
I think it has to do with a lot of things. 

1. Europe and the Middle East were more advanced than Africa at the time of the Roman Empire.

2. Europe was more advanced because they were able to trade with other countries, and because they had a lot more land to farm on, which allowed them to grow more food.
3. Europe had a better climate, which meant that they could grow more crops, which made them more able to produce more goods.
4. Europe also had more money, so they could afford to have more slaves.
5. They had
I think it has to do with the fact that they are more accepting of other religions. 

In the Middle East, there are a lot of different religions, but they are all very similar in that they all share the same basic beliefs.

For example, in the middle east there are many different religions that believe in reincarnation, but all of them share a basic belief in the same God, and they all believe in a higher power.
It's called the laryngeal adductor reflex. When you swallow, the muscles in your throat contract to close off the airway, which causes the vocal folds to close in order to protect the food going into the lungs. 

The next swallow is normal.
The TV is sending a signal to your TV. 

The TV has a transmitter and a receiver.  The transmitter is using RF (radio frequency) to transmit the signal to the TV, and the TV is using the TV to receive the signal.

When the TV receives the signal from the transmitter, it sends it to the receiver, which then sends the signal back to the transmitter.  When the TV gets the signal, it tells the transmitter to send it back to you.  If you have multiple TVs, the TV will send the same signal to all of them.  But if you have
The first computer was a vacuum tube.  It had a drum that was driven by a magnetic drum.  The drum was used to store the data.  

The computer was programmed by the drum, and the drum was read from the drum by a computer programmer.  There was no software to program it, so the programmer just read the drum and wrote the instructions to the drum.
They're not lawn flamingos, they're lawn flamingoes. 

They're a species of grasshopper.

The reason they're so popular is because they're easy to care for, and because they don't need to be watered.
I'm not sure if this is ELI5, but I'll try to explain it.

Imagine you have a computer that runs Windows, and you want it to be able to connect to the internet. You want to connect it to your network, but you don't want it connected to your local network, so you want to make it so that it connects to the local network. 

You have a piece of hardware that is connected to the Internet, but it doesn't have access to any of the things that you need to access it for.  So, you can make it run Windows,
Neanderthals were not a separate species, they were part of the Homo genus Homo. 

They were a subspecies of Homo sapiens.

Homo sapiens and Neanderthals diverged from each other about 50,000 years ago, and were not able to interbreed until about 60,000 or 70,000 ago. 


The DNA of the Neanderthal population is still present in our genome, but it is not present in the DNA of modern humans.
They don't expect any form of repayment within a number of years.  

They expect a return on their investment.
It depends on the type of record. 

For example, if you're talking about 78 rpm records, they were made in the late 19th century, and were played on a phonograph, which was a type of cylinder.

When you hear a 78 rpm record, you're hearing the groove of the record, which is the same as the groove on a standard 78rpm record, but the groove is different than the grooves on the vinyl record. So you can hear the difference between the two grooves, and you can also hear the differences between the notes on the record and the notes in
It is 0346 PDT, the sun isn't due to come up for 2 more hours. Birds are chirping outside, and "nature is starting to wake up".
Banks were created in the early days of the United States as a way for people to borrow money from each other. 

The government would lend money to people who needed it, and the banks would lend it to them.

When the government wanted to lend money, they would give the money to the banks, and they would buy the money back from the banks.
They don't. 

They get in through the skin of the pea pod.

The pea pods are covered in a thin layer of mucilage, and the worms can't get through it.
I'm not sure what you're asking about, but I'll try to explain it.

Let's say you have a set of points on a plane, and you want to know how many of them are symmetric about a horizontal line, as shown in Figure A. 

If you look at the line, you can see that the distance between the two points is 1/2, and the distance from each point on one side of the line to the other is 0/2

Now, let's say that you have two points on the plane. 


1/2 = 0
The "r" is a play on the word "reddit" which means "read" or "read". 

The "something" part of the name is just a play-on-word for "reddit".
It's a marketing strategy.  They want to get people to spend more money on their products.  If they don't have them, they can't sell as many of them.
I think it's because you're supposed to use a different plate every time you go up to a buffet
It depends on the country. 

If you pay for international mail in the US, you pay the US Postal Service (USPS) for the postage.  If you pay in the UK, then the UK pays the UK for the stamp.

In other words, if you send a letter to a country that doesn't pay the same rate as the USPS, the UK will charge you the same amount of postage.
Random bag searches work by swabbing bags and packages for explosive residue, and X-raying them for explosives. 

It's not that random, it's that the bag is randomly assigned to a person, and the X-rays are random.
It's not that healthcare is linked to employment, it's that it's linked to income.  Rent is tied to income, but it's not tied to employment.  If you have a mortgage, but you don't have health insurance, then you can't get health insurance.
It's a tradition that dates back to the early 20th century, when Europeans colonized large parts of the world and used classificatory systems to distinguish themselves from the local inhabitants.

In the early 1900s, Arabs and North African Americans were sometimes denied entry into the United States because they were considered nonwhite. In 1944, the law changed, and Middle Easterners were granted white status in order to avoid entry quotas and have a greater chance of achieving success and avoiding discrimination.
The English word "pound" is derived from the Latin "lībra" meaning "pound". 

The English pound is a unit of mass, and the English word for "mass" is "lb".
A mole is a large mass of rock, usually of stone, used as a pier, breakwater, or a causeway between places separated by water. 

Mole is a term that comes from the Middle French mōlēs, meaning "large mass, especially of rock" or "stone".
Mosquitoes are attracted to humans because we have a lot of body heat, which makes us more attractive to them. 

They are also attracted to heavy breathers, especially pregnant women, because of their high body heat.
Sarcasm is a form of politeness. 

It's a way to show that you're not trying to be rude or condescending, but that you mean what you say.
Gasoline has a higher energy density than a battery, but that's not taking into account that that energy is only released due to oxygen. 

A fuel cell uses hydrogen to power an electric motor.  Hydrogen has three times more specific energy by mass compared to gasoline (143 MJ/kg versus 46.5 MJ/L).

The energy density of a battery is a measure of the amount of energy it can store.  If you're talking about energy density, the energy density is measured in megajoules per liter (MJ/L), which is the energy per unit volume.
I'm not sure what you mean by "one-of-a-kind". 

If you're talking about rare items like art and rare artifacts, they're not rare at all.

They're rare because they're valuable because they are rare.  


If they're rare, then they're worth a lot of money, but if they're cheap, they don't have any value. 

 >  If you want to buy a rare piece of art, you need to know what it is.  You need to be able to tell if it's valuable or not.
Script kiddies are hackers.  They are the ones who are able to find vulnerabilities in other computers and exploit them.  

Crackers are people who are capable of finding vulnerabilities in computers and exploiting them.

Hackers are the people who can find weaknesses in computers, exploit them, and take advantage of them.
Hiroshima and Nagasaki were not cordoned off. They were both bombed. 

Chernobyl was.

Fukushima was.
They don't have to pay for it, they just want to get you to use their service.

It's not like they're giving you free wifi, it's just that they don't expect you to pay anything for it.
Microwaves use a timer for the cooking time, and at the end of cooking time the oven switches itself off.  Convection ovens use a convection oven, which uses radiant heat to heat the air around the food.  This means that the food is constantly being heated by the convection air, and the oven is constantly moving the food around. 

A conventional oven has a thermostat which turns the oven on and off and selects the temperature at which it will operate.
Gravity is the result of gravity. 

Imagine you have a rubber sheet.  If you put your hand on the bottom of the rubber sheet, you will feel a slight dip in the bottom.  This is gravity.

Now imagine that you have an object that is moving at high speed in all directions.  You put your other hand on top of that object, and you feel it pull you down.  Now imagine you have another object that's moving in the same direction.  It pulls you down as well, but it's pulling you down in the opposite direction of the other object.
They don't. 

PirateBay and WatchSeries don't change domains because they don't need to.  They don't want to have to pay for a new domain name, they want to be able to sell the old one to someone else for more money.
Algebra and trigonometry are useful because they are easy to memorize. 

Taxes and money are not.  They are important because they require you to know how to pay taxes and how to handle money.
The opposite of medium is the opposite of the word medium.

The word medium is used to refer to something that is not a physical thing. 

For example, if you are talking to someone on the phone, you are not talking to them through the phone.  You are speaking to them via text message.  If you want to talk to someone in person, you need to use a physical medium.
It is legal to leave books in a little library, but it's illegal to leave the digital equivalent on a file sharing website.

The copyright laws are different in different countries. 

In the United States, the first sale doctrine of US copyright law applies to the first-sale doctrine, which allows libraries to lend materials to patrons, but not to the general public.
I think it's because Japan is a very conservative society. 

It's not that they don't want to have sex, it's just that they're not used to having sex.
They work together on the same project file.  

It's called a "source file".  It's basically just a bunch of images that have been scanned, scanned, and then combined into a single file.

The animators work together to make sure that all the images are in the right order, and that they match up with each other's work.  For example, if you want to animate a character's face, you need to know how to draw it, and how to animate the character's limbs, muscles, and facial expressions.  This is done by the character animator,
Jehovah's Witnesses are Jehovah's Witnesses. They are a religious organization that follows the teachings of Jesus Christ. They believe that they are the chosen ones of God and that they have been chosen by God to lead the world. 

They are a very small group of people who are very religious and very strict in their beliefs.  They are not like any other religious organization, and they are very strict about how they live their lives.  There are a lot of restrictions on what they can and can't do, and there are many restrictions on how they can live their life.  If they don
Because it's a taboo topic that children should be 'protected' from.
We could, but it would take a long time. 

The atmosphere on the moon is too low to hold an atmosphere for geological spans of time, and it would retain the atmosphere for thousands of years.
We pluralize *some* things that are less than 1.

For example:

1-1-2-3-4-5-6-7-8-9-10-11-12-13-14-15-16-17-18-19-20-21-22-23-24-25-26-27-28-29-30-31-32-33-34-35-36-37-38-39-40-41-42-43-44-45-46-47-48-49-50-52-
They didn't. 

Geodesic coordinates are used to determine the direction of a road.  They are based on the plane of the earth's surface.  If you are building a road on a flat surface, you will need to use a compass to find the center of the road.

If you're building on a slope, you need to find a point where the road is level with the ground.  You can do this by measuring the angle between the ground and the road, and using the angle of the ground to determine if the ground is level or not.  Then you use a
Cannabis and marijuana are two different plants that are related to each other. 

Hemp is the plant that makes fiber and is used for industrial purposes.

Marijuana is a plant that is used to make hashish and hashish is used as a recreational drug.
Beds and pillows existed long before we had them. 

We used to sleep on the ground, in trees, in the dirt, in a ditch, in an open field, on a sloping bank.

When we got our first pillows, we used them to keep us from falling out of the trees.
Password encryption works by hashing the password into a hash. 

The password is stored in plain text, which can be hashed, hashed and salted.

If the password is hashed then it can't be decrypted, but if it is salted, it can be.
We don't know. 

The only way we can tell if there are typos is by looking at the text and comparing it to the text of the original text.
The hammer hits the anvil, but it doesn't make any sound.

Your inner ear has a membrane that connects to the tympanic membrane (ear drum) and the cochlea (inner ear). This membrane has hair cells on the membrane that line the ducts of this canal. These hair cells detect sound and send it back to your brain.
Radio waves.

Radio waves travel at the speed of light, which is about 300 million miles per hour. 

The Rosetta probe is using radio waves to communicate with Earth, and we are using the radio waves from Earth to communicate back to Rosetta.
It's an optical illusion.

When you look at a picture, you see the image as a series of dots on the screen. 

If you take two pictures of the same picture, and compare them, you will see that the dots are in different positions. 


The reason this happens is because your brain interprets the dots as two separate images, and interprets them as a single image. If you take a picture of two different pictures, you'll see the dots in two different positions, and then compare them to each other, and you'll notice that they are in the same position
Because paper money has no intrinsic value. 

Gold and silver are valuable because they are a store of value.

Paper money is valuable because it is a medium of exchange.
Dank memes are a subgenre of memes usually involving meme formats but in a different way to image macros. 

The term "dank" is derived from the word "drowsy" which originally meant "a cold, damp place", and then became an ironic term for a type of meme, and also became synonymous for "cool".

It's also used to refer to a meme that is different from the norm.

For example:

_URL_0_
When you put soap in a soap dispenser, the liquid soap is pushed through a small nozzle. The nozzle pushes the soap out of the dispenser into the air, which causes the bubbles to break down and form a foam.
Comcast is a cable company.  They are the largest provider of cable TV in the US.  

They are also the biggest provider of fiber optic cable in the world.

The problem is that they are a monopoly.  If you want to get cable TV, you have to pay them a lot of money to get it.  This means that if you don't pay them enough money, they will not give you the service you want.  It's not a good thing.  Comcast is also a monopoly because they have a monopoly on the cable TV market.  So if you want
Coke is made of carbonated soda, which is carbonated with lime. Glass bottles are made of silica glass, which has a higher concentration of carbon dioxide than plastic bottles. This means that the carbonation in the glass bottle is stronger than in plastic bottles, which makes it easier for the drink to be carbonated.
Coma is a state of unconsciousness caused by damage to the brain. 

When you are in a coma, your brain shuts down.  Your brain doesn't respond normally to painful stimuli, light, sound, etc.  It doesn't know how to respond to any of those things.  When you wake up from a coma your brain can respond to those things, but it can't respond to anything else.
The universe is expanding. 

If you look at the universe from the perspective of the earth, it is expanding at a rate of about 10^10^2 per year.  If you take a look at it from space, you can see that the universe is growing at 10^20^2/year, which is about 13.5 billion years.

But if you take the same amount of time, you will see that it is growing faster.  That's because time is relative.  You can't measure the speed of light, but you can measure the rate at which it is moving
The Golden Gate Bridge is made of concrete thrust blocks on the banks of the river, and is supported by piers. 

The bridge is cantilevered over the river.  The piers are anchored in the river bed, and the bridge is built on top of them.
It's because the film was shot at 16 frames per second (16 frames per minute) back in the day, which was the slowest frame rate available to film cameras. 

It's also because of the fact that the film projectors used back then were hand-cranked, which means that they were able to play back the film at a higher frame rate than they do now.  
   

   >   If you look at the film, you'll notice that it's not moving at the same speed as it is now, it's moving at a different rate.
Greece is in a situation where they owe a lot of money to the European Union and the International Monetary Fund (IMF). The EU wants Greece to reform its economy, but the IMF doesn't want Greece to do that, so they want the Greek government to cut their spending. 

The problem is that Greece has a huge amount of debt, and the EU wants them to pay it back, but they don't want them to do it.

So they're trying to get Greece to agree to a deal with the EU and the IMF, which means that they have to cut taxes, cut
It's called formication. It's caused by the nerve endings in your skin being stimulated by a chemical called histamine, which is produced by your body's immune system. 

It can be caused by a variety of things, but it's usually caused by an irritation or irritation.
We have two pairs of lungs. The left lung is divided into two lobes, an upper and a lower lobe, by the oblique fissure, which extends from the costal to the mediastinal surface of the lung both above and below the hilum. 

The reason we have two lungs is because we have a diaphragm, which is the part of our body that controls our breathing. It is the same part of the body as the heart, and it is the one that controls the heart and the lungs.
When you increase the voltage, you're increasing the current in the circuit, but you're also increasing the resistance. 

If you increase voltage from 120 to 220, the total amperage ends up being the same as if you did not change voltage at all.
I think it has to do with the fact that we don't teach them the letters phonetically, we teach them names. 

It's not that they don't know the letters, it's just that they're too young to remember them.
It depends on the type of food you're trying to cook. 

For example, if you're cooking something at a high temperature for a short amount of time, you're not cooking it at the same temperature as if you were to cook it at a lower temperature.

If you're doing it for a long time, the food will be too soft and will not be able to absorb the heat.
It's not a bribe, it's a promise to influence the outcome of the election. 

If you donate $10,000 to a political campaign, you don't get anything in return.

But if you give $20,000, you get a $50,000 loan from a bank, which is a bribe.
It's called alien hand syndrome. 

It's caused by a defect in the brain that causes the brain to think that one of your hands is a foreign limb.  It's not a physical defect, it's more of a mental defect.  The brain thinks that your hand is foreign because it's not used to the way you use it.  If you use your left hand to do something with your right hand, your brain interprets it as if it's the other hand.  This is called the "alien hand syndrome".

If you are schizophrenic, you may have an alien hand
The chicken pox virus doesn't have the ability to replicate in your body, so your immune system will not be able to fight it off. 

Influenza, on the other hand, is a different story. Influenza is a virus that is able to replicate itself in the air, which is why it is so hard for it to survive in the human body.

Chicken pox is a bacterial infection, so the immune system is not able to kill the virus, but it can kill the bacteria that cause it.
When you are awake, your brain has a lot of neurons in it that are doing a bunch of different things. 

One of them is called the thalamus.  It is the part of the brain that is responsible for memory and learning.  When you are asleep, the thalamocortical area of your brain is very active.  This is the area that is used to store memories.

When you wake up, you have a lot more thalamic cells in your brain.  These are the ones that are responsible for storing memories.  They are also the ones responsible for
The Pirate Bay does not store the files themselves, it merely points to them. 

If you're downloading something from the Pirate Bay, you're not actually stealing it.  You're merely pointing to it.
No knock warrants are used to prevent people from thinking they are intruding on the property of the owner of the property. 

It's also to prevent the homeowner from thinking that the police are trying to break into their home and causing property damage.
Yes, there are complimentary textures that work similar to how complimentary colors do.  

_URL_0_
Pianos are made of wood, and they are made by hand. They are not made to be in tune, they are built to be played by a professional player.

When you tune a piano, you are changing the tension of the wood, which causes the piano to vibrate. This vibrates the wood and makes it vibrate, which makes the piano sound out of tune. When you play a piece of music, the piano vibrates, and this vibrating makes the wood vibrate and makes the sound of the piano. When the piano is tuned, it vibrates back and forth, which
Film is made of a thin film that is coated with silver halide crystals.  When you take a picture of the film, you are exposing it to light.  The silver halides in the film are reduced to metallic silver.

Digital cameras are made of an image sensor.  This is the same thing as film.  But the film has a different layer of silver in it.  Digital cameras have a sensor that is much more sensitive to light than the film does.  

When you shoot a picture on film, the film is exposed to light for a long period of time.
I'm not a professional photographer, but I can give you a general overview of what a camera lens does. 

A lot of lenses are good for photography, but they're not good for everything.  If you want to take great photos, you need a wide angle lens.  You need to be able to focus on a wide range of objects, and you need to have a wide enough aperture to get the image you want.  
 
A good lens is one that has a wide aperture and a long focal length.  This means that it can be used to capture a wide variety of
When you spray compressed air, you're changing the temperature of the air, which causes it to lose heat to the surrounding air. 

If you're not careful, the air you're spraying will evaporate, which will cause the air to get colder.
Radar uses radar to measure the speed of air. 

Radar can measure the amount of air in the air, and how fast it is moving.

It can also measure how much air there is in the plane, and if there is a lot of air, it can tell you how much turbulence there is. 


_URL_0_

If there is too much air, the radar can't tell how fast the plane is moving, but if it is too little, it will tell you that the plane's speed is slowing down.
When you delete something on your phone, it doesn't actually go anywhere, it just marks the space occupied by the file as reusable (removes the pointer to the file) without immediately removing any of its contents. The space can then be used, or overwritten, with data from other files or other functions.
I think it has to do with the fact that they believe that they are actually God. 

Mental illness is not a disease, it is a mental illness that is caused by a lack of understanding of reality.

If you are mentally ill, and you believe that you are God, you are not going to be able to deal with reality.
The dangers of using The Pirate Bay are twofold:

1. It's a torrenting site. 

2. It can be used by people who don't want to pay for access to the content.

Torrenting is a way for people to get access to copyrighted content without paying for it.  If you don't pay for it, you're not going to be able to access it.
You can swim out of a ball of water in zero gravity, as in the Passengers trailer. 

The problem is that the water in the ball is not the same density as the air around you.  If you were floating in the air, you would feel gravity, but if you were in the water, you wouldn't feel gravity.

If you are in a water bed, you will feel gravity because the water is denser than the air surrounding you, but you will not feel it.
Abduction is the taking of a person against their will.

Kidnapped is when a person is taken by force.
Calculators are not calculators for math. They are calculators that are designed to be used for scientific calculations. 

If you want to know how a calculator works, you need to look at the calculator's instruction manual.

The most basic calculators use a slide rule, which is basically a calculator with a keyboard and a number pad, and a program that tells the computer what to do. 

 >  How do calculators calculate math problems?

When you enter a number, the computer tells the calculator what it needs to do, and then it tells the program to do it
The marginal tax rate is the difference between what you pay in taxes and what the government owes you.  

If you earn $100,000 a year, you pay $50,000 in taxes.  You pay $25,000 per year in taxes, and the government gives you $10,000 of that.

But if you make $200,000, the government will give you $20,000.  That's $50K.  So if you have $100K a year in taxable income, you'll pay $20K in taxes on that $200K.
I think it has to do with the way they are trained to speak.  

I'm not an expert, but I think it's because they have been trained to talk in a certain way.  I'm not sure if it's the same for all actors, but it's probably because they are used to speaking in certain ways.  For example, if you're an actor, you have to learn how to speak in the way you are supposed to talk.  If you're a singer, you learn to sing in a particular way.

If you're playing a character in a play,
They don't. 

There are two ways to get out of an elevator during a fire alarm.

The first is to use the emergency stairwell.  If you are in a wheelchair, you can use the stairwell to get down to the ground floor.  You can also use the stairs to get up to the second floor.
Daft Punk are a French electronic music band. They are best known for their electronic dance music, but they are also known as a band of musicians. 

They are known for playing a variety of instruments, and they are known to have a wide range of instruments that they can play.  They are also well known for the fact that they are very talented musicians, and are able to play all sorts of instruments.

The most common instrument they play is the bass guitar, which they use a lot. They can also play drums, keyboards, and synthesizers. They also have a lot of other
It depends on the situation. 

In the case of a hostage situation, the hostage taker may not want the police to know that they are being released.  They may want to keep the police away from the hostages, or they may want them to know they are not being followed.
It would be better for them to be kept at body temperature, but that would cause damage to the organs. 

It's cheaper to keep them at room temperature than it is to store them in liquid nitrogen.
It's called "recycled".

When you animate something, you draw it on a piece of paper, and then the animators draw over it. 

The animators then use the paper to draw a new image of the character.

They then use that new image as a reference point for the next time they want to animate it.
The grass has a chemical called urushiol that binds to the surface of your skin, which causes it to become itchy. 

_URL_0_
I think it has to do with the fact that when a game is first released, it's not really a "realistic" graphics. It's more of a "feel good" game.

When a game first comes out, there's a lot of pressure to make it look "real" because it's the first game that people are playing, so it's expected to be "real". 

The problem is that when the game is released, people are used to seeing it as "real", so they expect it to look good, and they expect the game to be as good as it is
I'm not an expert on the subject, but I'll try my best to explain it. 

The UK is a union between the UK and Scotland.  The UK is the largest country in the world, with a population of about 32 million people.  Scotland is a part of the UK, and is a member of the European Union (EU).  The EU is a group of countries that share a common language, culture, language, and history.  They have a common history, a common culture, and a common heritage.

In the past, Scotland was part of England, and was
He's a comedian. 

He's funny, but he's also smart.  He knows how to tell a joke, and he knows when to use it, and when to not use it.

It's not obvious to most people, but it's obvious to him.
The federal government doesn't want to make it legal. 

It's a matter of federal law and federal policy.  The federal government has the power to enforce federal drug laws, and the state governments have the ability to enforce state laws.  It's not really a question of whether it's legal or not, it's about how the federal government is going to enforce those laws.
Electric cars are more environmentally friendly because they don't use fossil fuels.

They use batteries, which are more efficient and less polluting than gasoline or diesel engines.
It's because the orchestra is playing at different tempos, and the conductor is trying to keep up with them. 

When you hear a symphony, you're hearing the orchestra playing at the same time, but the music is moving at different speeds, so the conductor's timing is off.
Alcohol is a depressant, which means that your brain is flooded with chemicals that make you feel happy and loving.

When you're drunk, your brain doesn't have these chemicals in it, so you are more likely to be angry and mean. 

Alcohol also lowers your inhibitions, which makes you more prone to do things that you wouldn't normally do when sober.
The molecules themselves are only 3-atoms long. 

The molecules are only visible on a macro level because they are made up of 3-atom long molecules.

When light hits a molecule, it causes it to change shape, and this changes the shape of the molecules.  This is called the Brownian motion, and it is what causes light to bounce off the molecules and onto the surface of the surface.
A record is a collection of data. 

For example, if you have a bunch of notes on a piece of paper, you can write down what you wrote down.

If you want to know how many notes you have, you write them down on a sheet of paper and then put them in a book.  If you write down the number of notes you've written down, you have to write down how many times you wrote them down, and how long it takes for them to be written down.
It's not that it's hard to go back to the moon, it's that we don't know enough about it. 

We don't have the resources to build a base on the moon.  We don't even have the technology to get there.
Mainframes are very large computers that are designed to handle very large amounts of data at a time. 

The mainframe was originally designed to do a lot of things, but as computers have gotten smaller and smaller, they have become less and less powerful.

In the early days, mainframes were very large because they were very expensive.  They were designed to deal with large numbers of input/output (I/O) devices.  The mainframe had a huge amount of storage space, and it had to be cooled to keep it from overheating.  This meant that the mainframe needed
When you're speaking, your voice is vibrating in your skull. Your skull conducts lower frequencies better than air, so when you hear your own voice, your skull vibrates in a different way.

When you sing, your vocal cords vibrate in the same way as your skull, but your head vibrates differently than your neck, so your voice sounds different to your head.
The Supreme Court ruled that it was an unconstitutional infringement on the First Amendment because it blocked peaceful protest on public streets.
Liquor is made from distilled spirits.  Liqueur is made by adding sweeteners to distilled spirits to make them taste better. 

Liqueurs are made by infusing certain woods, fruits, or flowers in either water or water and then adding sweetener to the mixture.
It depends on the service.  

If you have an active account, you can choose to have it permanently deleted, or you can have it made inactive.  If you don't want your account to be permanently deleted you can make it inactive, but if you want it to be active you can set it to become inactive for 30 days.  You can also choose to allow someone to manage the account, or delete it altogether once the user has died.

Reddit has a "legacy contact" feature that allows you to designate a friend or family member to manage your account.  This person can
I think it has to do with perspective. If you're drawing a straight line, you are drawing from a perspective, which means that you are looking at the object in front of you, not the object behind you. 

If you draw from a point in the middle of the room, you're looking at it from a distance, and you can't draw straight lines.  You're drawing from the perspective of the object, and if you draw a line from the center to the edge, you will be drawing a line that is parallel to the ground.

When you draw in perspective, you can
You can push start a manual transmission car, but it requires the clutch to be depressed before the engine will start.  

An automatic transmission has a vacuum servo that connects the engine to the drive shafts and gearbox.  When you push start an automatic transmission, you are disengaging the powertrain from the engine.  This disengages the engine from the powertrains, which is why it shuts down when you stop the car.
There are a few benefits to the population of big banks.

1. They have the ability to lend money to people who don't have access to it. 

2. They are able to lend more money to small businesses, which means that they can lend it out to more people, which is good for the economy.
When you close your eyes, your brain sends vibrations to your eardrum, which is the part of your ear that hears sound. When you open your eyes really hard, the vibrations from the tympani muscle in your middle ear get pushed out of the way, which causes the vibrations to be amplified. This amplifies the sound, causing it to sound like a rumbling sound.
Bats are the only land mammals native to New Zealand.  

Cows are native to Australia.  There are a few other mammals that live in New Zealand, but they are not native to the island.
When you're hungry, your body releases a hormone called ghrelin. Ghrelin is a hormone that causes your stomach to contract, which causes you to feel hungry. When you're not hungry, you don't feel hungry, but when you are, your stomach contractions make you feel hungry because your stomach is telling your brain that you need to eat.
The US has a lot of nuclear weapons because it is the only country in the world that has nuclear weapons. 

It's a deterrent to other countries, and it's a way to deter other countries from building nuclear weapons as well.

Russia and the US are the only two countries that still have nuclear weapons, and they are the two countries with the most nuclear weapons in the entire world, so they have the most to lose in a war.
Crohn's, Celiac, and Restless Leg are not prevalent in other countries.

They are prevalent in the US, but not everywhere.
When you have a lot of air in your lungs and don't let it out fast enough, your diaphragm constricts, which causes you to feel uncomfortable.
The VA is a federal agency.  It is a government agency, not a private company.  

There are a lot of things that go wrong with the VA, but the biggest problem is that the VA is run by the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA).  The VA is an agency of the federal government, not the individual states.  This means that it has to follow the rules and regulations set by the Federal Government.

The VA was set up by the VA to provide healthcare for veterans.  They were set up in a way that made it very difficult for them to do that.
It's not that the unions are bad, it's that the government doesn't want them to be bad. 

In the UK, there are a lot of trade unions, but they're not as strong as in the US.  They're not strong enough to make a difference.  In the US, they're strong enough that they make a big difference.
Spaghetti is made up of a bunch of strands of pasta. When you cook it, the water evaporates from the pasta, leaving it with a lot of water in it. The water is trapped in the pasta strands, which causes it to break into three pieces.
Employers are allowed to fire you for any reason they want, but they are required to give you at least 2 weeks notice before firing you.

The reason for this is that if you are fired for cause, you can't sue the employer for wrongful termination. 

If you resign without notice, the employer can sue you for wrongful dismissal.
I think it has to do with the fact that physics is a very practical field. 

If you want to build a computer, you need to be able to program it.

You also need to know how to write code, and how to program a computer.
Some people are against efficiency and the environment because they believe that efficiency is bad for the environment. 

For example, if you have a car, and you have to go to work every day, you are not going to be able to save the environment if you drive a car.

If you live in a small town, and have to drive to a big city, you will be driving a car that uses a lot of energy.  You will have to pay a lot more money for gas, and your car will be more likely to be broken down.
Vegetables have a lot of sugar in them. 

Candy, on the other hand, has sugar in it.
It's called an itch cycle. When you scratch, your body releases histamine, which causes your skin to release a chemical that makes your skin itch. 

When you don't scratch, the histamine is released, your skin releases a chemical called lactic acid, which makes it itch.
I'm not sure, but I think it has to do with the way the meat is processed. 

Beef and pork have a lot of fat in them, which is what gives them their unique taste.

Chicken, on the other hand, has fat in the chest, which gives it its "meaty" taste.
It doesn't slow down radioactive decay, but it does slow down the rate at which it happens. 

If you want to know why this happens, you need to look at the rate of neutron decay.

At absolute zero, the amount of neutrons that can be absorbed by the atoms in your body is much higher than it is at normal temperatures.  This is because the atoms have a higher density of free electrons than neutrons, and this means that they are more likely to be captured by the neutrons.
A PLEX server is a server that connects to the internet.  

The purpose is to connect to the Internet.  For example, if you want to send an email to someone in the UK, you can connect to a server in the US and connect to it from there.  This means that you don't need to connect the server to your local network, and you can send the email to anyone in the world.

If you have a lot of servers in your office, you might want to connect them all to the same network, so that they can all be connected to each other
Your veins are made of connective tissue, which is much thinner than arteries. 

When the needle gets pulled out of your arm, it pushes against the tunica media, which protects the blood vessels.
We can convert any object with mass into desired energy, but we can't convert it into energy. 

We can turn energy into kinetic energy, which is the energy that comes from the movement of the object.

But kinetic energy is not the same thing as energy as mass.  It's a store of potential energy, just like the energy stored in our bodies.  We can convert kinetic energy into energy when we move, but not when we're not moving.  If we want to convert energy into mass, we need to take it out of the system and put it back into the system.
Reddit's comment system works so well because it allows you to comment on videos without having to sign up to a Google+ account. 

YouTube's comments are a hotbed of infantile debate and unashamed ignorance, with the occasional burst of wit shining through.
Scientology is a religious organization.  They are run by a man named L. Ron Hubbard, who is the founder of the Church of Scientology.  

Scientology was founded by Hubbard in the early 70s.  It was founded as a way for Hubbard to get his ideas out into the world.  He wanted to get people to believe that they could do anything they wanted, and that they were the only ones who could do it.  So, he decided to create a group of people who would be able to do anything he wanted.  This group was called the Sea Org.
When you cough, your diaphragm pushes the air out of your lungs and into your testicles.
I think it has to do with the fact that your brain has a hard time articulating your reasoning. 

When you are faced with a situation where you don't know what to do, your brain is flooded with information.  You can't articulate your reasoning because it's hard for your brain to process it.  It's not hard for it to process the information, it's just hard for you to articulate it.
I think it's because when you say "I think that" you're conveying the idea that you're not 100% sure of the answer, but you're also conveying that you don't know with 100% certainty what the answer is.
A router is a computer that connects to other computers. 

A modem is a device that transmits data to another computer.

Wifi is a wireless network that connects two computers to each other

An IP address is the IP address of the computer you're connecting to.  It tells the computer on the other side of the network which computer is connected to which computer.
Your eyes are sensitive to changes in brightness and color.

Your eyes can tell the difference between the brightness and the color of the light coming from the screen, and the brightness of the afterglow.
It depends on a number of factors.

1. The government can shut down the internet because they don't want people to be able to access the internet. 

2. They can shut it down because they want to stop people from accessing the internet

3. They could shut down access to the internet in order to prevent people from using it

4. There are a lot of other factors that could go into it, but I think the most important one is that the government needs to have control of the internet, and they need to control it in a way that it can't be abused
Skiing is a leisure activity, not a job. It's a way to get out of the house and spend time with family and friends.
I'm not an expert, but I think it has to do with scheduling. 

A doctor's office has to have a schedule.  They have to keep track of all the patients coming in and out of their office, and they have to make sure they have the right number of people coming in to see them.  If they don't have enough people to keep up with, they will be late.
It's called referred pain. It's caused by damage to the nerves in your body that send pain signals to other parts of your body. 

If you have an injury to your nerves, they will send signals to your brain telling it that you're in pain, and if you don't feel it, it's not a problem.
It's an anti-spam measure, but how does it help?
Caffeine is a stimulant, but it's also a depressant. 

When you drink coffee, your body produces more adenosine receptors in your brain, which is the part of your brain that controls your sleep.  When you stop drinking coffee, you start producing adenosines, which are the ones that cause you to feel sleepy.  This is why you feel sleepy when you wake up in the middle of the night.

Coffee is also a diuretic, which causes your body to produce a hormone called adrenaline, which makes you feel more alert and alert.
You should wash your teeth as soon as you wake up or after breakfast.

If you brush your teeth before you go to bed, it will remove plaque and bacteria.
It's called tribonucleation.

Basically, when the two articulating surfaces of a synovial joint are separated from one other, the volume within the joint capsule is increased and a negative pressure results. The pressure causes the fluid in the joint to expand, which causes a bubble to form. This is called cavitation.
I think it has to do with the number of cars at the intersection. 

If there are more cars at an intersection than there are cars at a stop, then the signal will be flashing at the same rate/tempo.

But if there are only a few cars there, then there is less room for the signal to be flashing.
When you are in a fit of laughter, your muscles contract and contract in a way that causes you to lose control of your muscles. This is called cataplexy, and is caused by a sudden loss of muscle tone. 

When you're in the middle of a fit, your brain is trying to control the release of chemicals that cause you to laugh. These chemicals are released in the motor cortex, which is the part of the brain that controls the movement of muscles. When you laugh, these chemicals stop being released, and your muscles relax.
The United States was founded as a colony of the British Empire in the 17th century. 

The British Empire was a very large and powerful empire, with a lot of land and lots of money.  The British were able to exploit the land and the money they had to build their empire.

In the 18th and 19th centuries, the United States had a lot more land than other colonies, so it was able to produce more goods and produce more money than other countries.  In the 19th and early 20th century, the US started to export more and more goods to other countries,
Your eyes are sensitive to UV and UV light. UV is the most damaging to your eyes because it causes damage to the cornea, which is the part of your eye that controls your vision. 

The sun is a very bright source of UV light, so it can cause damage to your cornea.
North Korea has been sending money to South Korea. 

South Korea is sending money back to North Korea.

North Korea sends money to China, which in turn is giving money to the South Korean government, which is giving it to the North Korean government.
They don't enforce speed limits.  They are notified by radio.  If they see a speed limit posted, they report it to air traffic control.

If they don't see a sign, then they just don't report it.
I think it has to do with the way we view the world. 

We tend to think of the world as a single, homogeneous place, and we tend to look at it that way.

There is no such thing as homo sapiens.  There are hominids all over the world, and they are found in many different places, but they are all from the same place.
We don't use fast chargers for all phones/laptops/tablets because they are too expensive. 

They work because they use a different type of battery.  They use Li-ion batteries, which are lighter and have a higher capacity than lithium-polymer batteries.
It depends on the context. 

The "N" word is used in a lot of different contexts.  For example, it's used in the context of the word "shit" in the show "Trailer Park Boys".  It's used as a metaphor for "shit".  In one episode, Ricky's growing ignorance leads him to use the word, and in another, he uses it as a verb.  In both cases, the context is different, and the context has a different meaning.

In the case of "shit", it's not the context that matters, but the context
I think it's because of the color of the apples. 

Lime apples are green, and lime apples are limey.
It's not "instant" in the sense that it's instant. It's instant because it's easy to prepare. 

It's just that it takes a lot of time to prepare food, and it takes time for it to cook.
Brick is stronger than wood. It's also more durable than wood, so it's easier to maintain.
Yes, they can be afraid of the dark. 

It's not that they can't see, it's that they don't know how to use their other senses to tell the difference between light and dark.
They are moved to zoos because they are not native to the area they are being moved to. 

If they are found in the wild, they are released back to their natural habitat, and if they are too big to be released back into the wild they are kept in zoos.
Lumberjack muscles are made out of muscle fibers. 

Muscles made in the gym are made up of a lot of different types of muscle.  They are made of different materials, and different kinds of fibers.

For example, when you work out, you are using a lot more muscle fibers than when you are working out in a lumberjack's gym.  Muscle fibers are made from many different materials.  When you train your muscles, you're using different materials to build them up.  For example, if you're working out with a heavy weight, you'll be using more muscle
They would have to get a warrant to do it. 

The FBI is not a law enforcement agency.  They are a federal agency, not a state agency, and they do not have the authority to set up a fake deep web account.
It's because the two prongs are the same width. 

When you plug two pronged electrical plugs into the outlet, you're using the same length of wire.  
 
The problem is that if you plug one of the prongs in the other way, you end up with two different lengths of wire, which means that you can't get the same amount of current through the outlet.

If you plug the other prong in the opposite direction, you can get a lot of potential energy flowing through the plug.  If you plug it in one way, the current will
Nerves are made of myelin, which is a thin layer of protein that protects the nerves from damage. 

When the nerve is severed, the myelin is damaged, and the nerves can no longer be connected to the rest of the body, so they can't regrow.
It doesn't matter if you are a republican or democrat, it matters that you are registered to vote. 

If you don't have a party affiliation, you can't vote for the candidate of your choice.  If you are not registered to a party, you cannot vote for a candidate of the other party.
Coffee or tea does not count as drinking a lot of water. It is a calorie-free, fat free, sugar-free thirst quencher that is essential to your body's metabolic functions. 

If you drink too much coffee or tea, you are not drinking enough water.
Asparagus contains asparagusic acid, which is a naturally occurring chemical that your body breaks down in your urine. 

It's not the only one, but it's one of the most common.

Other foods that do this are:

* Asparagus beans
* Spicy foods
* Saffron
* Caffeine
* Salt
* Alcohol
* Bile
* Nitric acid
* Methane
* Sulphur
* Oxygen
* Carbon dioxide
* Sodium
* Potassium
* Magnesium
* Cyanide
*
Yes, they can arrest you for shoplifting. 

If you're in a store that's not in the mall, you're not breaking the law.
When you are stationary, your center of mass is in the same place as the ground. When you are moving forward, the ground is moving away from you, so you are pushing against the ground, which causes you to lean to one side or the other. 

When you're moving forwards, you're pushing away from the ground and pushing towards the front wheel. This causes the ground to move in the opposite direction, so the bike will lean to the left or the right.

The gyroscopic effect of rotating bike wheels causes the bike to tilt to the right or the left, so when you
They don't. 

They're not tilting.  They're tilting in the opposite direction of gravity.  When you lift a heavy load, the weight of the crane is equal to the amount of force applied to the ground.  So if you're lifting a ton of weight, the crane has to balance the weight with the ground in order to keep the ground level.  This is done by using the ground to act as a counterweight.  The ground is the same weight as the crane, but the ground has to be balanced by the crane.

The difference is that the ground
I think it has to do with the way our brains are wired. The left side of the brain controls the language center and the right side controls the motor center, so the left hand tends to be more dominant than the right.
If you're a citizen of country A, and you shoot and kill someone in country B, you will be extradited to country B.

If you are not a citizen, then you will not be tried in either country.
Golf scoring works like this:

1. You play a round of golf, and you score a total of strokes.

2. You get points for each hole you play. 

3. If you win a hole, you get 10 points. 


4. You lose a hole if you make a bogey or a birdie, and they get 0 points

5. You win the round if you shoot a par or better, and then you get 1 point.


6. You score a par on the next hole, and your score is added to your total
The body is taken to the morgue, and the body is prepared for burial. 

The body will be wrapped in a blanket and placed in a plastic bag, and then the family will take it to the mortuary.
Our eyes are made up of two layers of cells, called the iris and the retina. The iris is the part of the eye that focuses the light. The retina is the one that reflects the light back to the eye.

The iris has a double-slit pupil, which makes it easier for the light to pass through the lens and into the retina, which then reflects it back out.
AT & T Next and T-Mobile Jump work by giving you the option to buy a new phone at the same price as the old one, but you have to wait 6 months before you can upgrade your phone. 

AT&T and Verizon require that you wait 2 years before they can upgrade their phone.

T-Mobile has a program called JUMP! which allows you to buy your phone for $10/month for 6 months and then upgrade it for $20/month after that.
A tube amplifier is a type of amplifier that uses a vacuum tube to amplify the sound. 

A tube is a tube that has a small amount of air in it.  The air in the tube acts as an amplifier, and the air in a tube is used as a source of power.  A tube has a voltage that is proportional to the size of the tube, so if you plug a tube into a wall socket, you will get the same amount of power as if you were plugging it into a standard amp.

If you plug in a transistor, you get a very high voltage,
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think it has to do with the fact that ADHD medications are Schedule 2 controlled substances, which means that they have to be tested and approved by the FDA before they can be prescribed. 

This means that the FDA has to approve the drug, and then the drug manufacturer has to fill the prescription, which takes a long time.
Mars is not a supervolcano, it's a volcano.  It's more like a volcano in the middle of the earth.

It's not a big volcano, but it's big enough that if it were to erupt, it would cause a lot of damage to the surrounding area.  If it were big enough, there would be a huge amount of debris thrown into the air, and it would spread out over a large area.



It wouldn't be a big deal, but if it was big enough to affect the entire planet, then it would have a huge impact on the Earth.
It's not the wind, it's the air around the flag.

When the wind is steady, the air above the flag is moving at the same speed as the air below it. 

But when the wind changes direction, it changes the speed of the air in front of the flag, so that the air behind the flag moves at a different speed.  This causes the flag to wobble in the wind.
The U.S. does not have universal healthcare. 

It's not that we don't have universal health care, it's that we do not have enough people to pay for it.

In the US, there are a lot of people who don't qualify for health insurance, so they have to pay out-of-pocket for their health care. This means that if you have a pre-existing condition, you can't get health insurance.
I think it has to do with the fact that they were made with real food, and because they were created in the 70s and 80s. 

It's not that they're amazing art, it's that they are made of real food.
I don't know the answer to this, but I think it has something to do with the way your brain works. 

When you're swimming, your brain has to process a lot of sensory input from your eyes, ears, nose, mouth, tongue, etc. Your brain has a lot to work with, so it has to be able to process all of that information.

If you're not swimming, it's because your brain doesn't have enough sensory input to process it all.  Your brain can only process a few things at a time, and it takes a while for your brain to
I think it's because they're patterned to look like individual cement tiles, with deep grooves every 4-5 feet?
The immune system is a complex network of cells and organs comprising lymphocytes, macrophages, Dendritic cells, Natural Killer cells (NK Cell), Cytotoxic T Lymphocytes (CTL), etc., that work together to defend the body against attacks by "foreign" or "non-self" invaders including cancer cells. 

Cancer is caused when the immune system over-burdens.  The immune system can't fight all of the invaders, but it can fight some of them.  This is called the "endogenous immune response".  When the immune response is over-
Languages from far away cultures have similarities because they have been influenced by other languages. 

For example, there are many languages that are related to each other, but not related enough to be considered part of the same language family. For example, English and German are part of a language family called the Indo-European family, but they are not related to one another.

There are many other languages in the world that are not part of this language family, and they share some similarities, but there are also many languages in other languages that aren't part of that family.
Because he didn't want to be seen as a traitor.

He was working for the Russian government, and the US government doesn't want him exposed.
It depends on the language. 

In English, the first syllable of a person's name is the first letter of their first name.  So if you have a first name that starts with the letter "J" and ends with "J", it will translate to "Jenny"

If it starts with a letter "A", it translates to "Jack".  If it's a letter ending with a vowel, it'll translate into "Jack", and if it ends with a consonant, it's "Jack."

It's also possible for a person to have two first names,
It depends on the rank. 

Sergeant is the lowest rank in the infantry.  It's the guy who is responsible for the armory, weapons and ammunition within a company.

Furir is the highest rank, it's the one who is in charge of the medical care of the company.  The rank is the one that is in command of the entire company, and it's also the one where you are responsible for all the food and equipment in the company, as well as the upkeep of the flag and the company's colours.  This is the rank that is usually held by
You would suffer from "Ship/Space Lag" if you were to fly in a spaceship. 

It's caused by the difference in pressure between the cabin and the outside of the craft.

When you're in a plane, the cabin pressure changes during ascent and descent to the majority of airports, which are at low altitudes.  When you're flying in space, the pressure changes to the point where you can't feel the difference between the inside of the plane and the spaceship.
It's not really "throwing [your] vote away", it's just that you're not voting for the party that you want to vote for. 

The Green Party is a political party, not a political organization.  It's not a party that wants to change the world, it's a political movement.  The Green Party wants to make the world a better place for everyone.  They want to make sure that everyone has a voice in the decision making process, not just the people who voted for them.

They're not asking for your vote to be thrown away, they're asking
There is no universal "code" language. 

There are a lot of languages, but they are not all the same.

For example, if you want to write a program in English, you need to know how to write it in English.  You need to be able to understand the syntax and grammar of the language you are programming in.  If you are trying to write something in German, you have to know the grammar of German, and if you are working in Spanish, you can't understand the grammar.  So you need a language that can understand German and Spanish.
It's because the video is being played at a different bitrate than the ads. 

Ads are encoded at a certain bitrate, which means that they have to be played at the same bitrate as the video itself.

If you're on a slower connection, the video will be playing at a lower bitrate because the ad server has to send the video at a higher bitrate.
The 7702 is a tax-advantaged retirement account. It is an improvement upon the unpopular qualified voluntary employee contribution (QVEC) provision developed in the early 1980s.

A 401k is an employer-sponsored retirement plan. It allows you to put money into a 401k and then withdraw it tax-free if you meet certain requirements. 

Roth IRAs are tax-deductible retirement accounts. They are not tax-deferred, so you pay taxes on the money you put into them, but you don't pay tax on the income you take out of them.
I think it's because they were shot on color film back in the 70's and 80's. 

Back then, film was shot on black and white.  The film was tinted with dyes to make it appear more vivid and vibrant.  This was done in the form of film tinting or toning (i.e. "colorization") but also with real color processes such as Kinemacolor and Technicolor.
They don't get sued for selling knock-off toys because they don't want to pay licensing fees.

If they do get sued, they have to prove that they are infringing on the trademark of the manufacturer.
We invaded Iraq for the oil. 

We invaded because we were told that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction and we needed to remove him from power.
Hypnosis is a form of brainwashing. It's a way for a hypnotist to trick you into thinking they're hypnotizing you, but they're not. 

When you're hypnotesized, your brain shuts down, and you're not aware of what's going on around you. You're not conscious of your surroundings, your body, or anything else.

If you're under hypnosis long enough, you'll be able to remember what you're thinking and feeling, but you won't be aware of the fact that you're being hypnotized.
I think it's just time. 

The US and UK have been cool with each other for a long time, but it's been a while since they fought a war.

During World War II, the US was a huge military power, and the UK was a small country with a lot of resources.  The US had a lot more resources than the UK, so it was easier for the US to get involved in the war than it was for the UK.  After the war, the UK had to give up much of its military power to the US, so the US didn't have to
A preservative is a substance or a chemical that is added to products such as food, beverages, pharmaceutical drugs, paints, cosmetics, wood, and many other products to prevent decomposition by microbial growth or by undesirable chemical changes. 

For example, if you have a piece of meat that has been salted with sodium nitrate and refrigerated for a long time, the bacteria in the meat will not be able to digest it, and it will not spoil.

Some food preservatives are antimicrobial (they inhibit the growth of bacteria or fungi) and some are anti-oxidant (they
It's not "easy" for us to send a man to the moon now.  It's not easy to land a man on the moon, but it's easy to return him safely to the earth.
Plague is caused by the same bacteria that cause the flu, but it's called pneumonic plague.

Pneumonic plague is not contagious, so it doesn't spread from person to person. Bubonic plague, on the other hand, is highly contagious, and can be transmitted through direct contact with dead bodies.
Redshirting is when a student-athlete is not allowed to play in games until their junior year of college. 

It's a way for a student athlete to take advantage of the extra time they have to take to complete their coursework and get their grades up to the point where they are eligible to play college football.

A redshirt year is a year where a player is allowed to practice with the team, but not play in any games.  If they are injured, the coach can remove them from the team and let them take a full academic year off.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I can give you an idea of how kitchens worked in the Middle Ages. 

In the middle ages, cooking was done on an open hearth in the middle of the main living area, to make efficient use of the heat. The hearth was heated by wood or coal, and the smoke would come out of the chimney. The fireplace was usually on the floor, placed at a wall—sometimes raised a little bit—such that one had to kneel to reach it.

This was a very inefficient way of heating food, but it
If one of them is guilty of a crime, they both go to jail. 

If they are conjoined twins, they are both guilty of the same crime.

But if they are not conjoined, they can't be held responsible for the crimes of the other.
There is a method to it, but there is no scientific method to go with it. 

It's not at random, it's a result of the way your brain interprets the information it receives from your eyes.

If you look at a picture of a tree, you can see that it's not a tree at all. You can look at it from a different angle, and you'll notice that it looks like it's moving, but it's actually not moving at all, because your brain is interpreting the image as if it is moving. This is called the [Gestalt principle](
It's called a [RISC](_URL_0_) bootloader.  It's a piece of software that runs in the BIOS (bootloader).  When you boot up your computer, it loads the operating system into memory, which is stored on a floppy disk.  When it's loaded, the computer uses a servo motor to spin the disk, which makes a whirring sound.

When the computer boots up, it uses the servo to read data from the disk and write it to memory.  This is what you hear when you turn the computer on and off.
Carbon is the fourth most abundant element in the universe, and it is capable of forming a vast number of compounds, more than any other element, with almost ten million compounds described to date, and yet that number is but a fraction of the number of theoretically possible molecules that can be formed around it.

Carbon can form many chemical bonds with other atoms, and is able to form many long chains of molecules. 

Silicon, the element directly below carbon on the periodic table, does not form very many complex stable molecules, and because most of its compounds are water-insoluble and because silicon dioxide is a hard and abrasive solid in contrast to carbon dioxide at temperatures associated with living things, it would be more difficult for organisms to extract.
There are so many vitamins and supplements that are just sugar pills, how can we tell which are real?
You can't. 

If you pay a fine for parking in a "no parking" space, the city will tow your car.  If you don't pay the fine, they will tow it.
The "Clean & White" setting is for cleaning your teeth.  It's not for brushing your teeth, it's for cleaning the bristles of your toothbrush.
Interest rates are a measure of the amount of money you have available to invest in the economy.

When you have a low interest rate, you have more money available to buy things, and more people are willing to spend it. 

If you have low interest rates, more people will be willing to invest, and they will spend that money on things like houses, cars, and other things that are not currently in high demand. 


This means that the economy will be able to create more jobs.
It's not. 

It used to be that the penny was made of 24 troy grains of silver, which was the weight of a troy ounce of silver.

Now, the penny is made up of 24 grains of copper, which is about 1.5 troy ounces of silver in weight.  So, if you want to know how many pennies there are in the world, you need to look at the amount of silver that's in the coin.  It's not that there are more pennies than there are silver pennies, it's that there's less silver in the
Nuclear submarines are designed to be stealthy. 

They are not stealthy enough to be detected by any sort of sonar.  They are stealthy because they have to spend much of their time on the surface, and therefore need to be able to "escape" by diving when an enemy is spotted.
Genetic changes can mean a lot of things.

1. They can mean that a new species is different from the one that came before it. 

2. They could mean that the new species has a different genetic code than the old species. 


3. It could mean they are different from each other, but they are still the same species

4. It can mean they have the same genetic code, but have different genetic codes for different traits

5. It means they have different genes for different functions

6. It is possible for two species to be the same
It doesn't. 

If you want to make something random, you have to use a random generator.  It's called a pseudo-random generator, and it uses a pool of random numbers to generate a random number.  If you're not sure how it works, you can check out [this paper](_URL_0_).
When you get a cold, your immune system sends a bunch of chemicals to your body to try and kill the virus. These chemicals are called cytokines, and they are released by your body's immune system to fight off the infection. 

When you have a fever, the cytokines are released in your body, and your body is trying to fight the virus off, but your body doesn't have enough energy to fight it off. So you end up with full body aches and pains.
I think it has to do with the fact that men and women have different physical requirements for different jobs. 

Firefighting is a job that requires a lot of strength and endurance.  Women are not as strong as men, so they have to work harder to maintain their physical fitness.

In the military, it's the same thing.  They are required to be physically fit for the job, but they are not required to have the same amount of strength or endurance as men.
Allergy medicine does suppress the immune system, but it doesn't suppress it. 

The immune system is constantly trying to fight off things like influenza and the cold.  It's just that it's not as effective as it used to be.
I think it's because it's a cultural thing. 

We don't want our children to grow up thinking that swearing is a bad thing. We want them to be able to say "I'm sorry" and "I didn't mean to say that" and so on.
They are top-level domains. 

The first level is.com, the second is.net, the third is.gov, and the fourth is.org.
The Roman Empire was founded in the 4th century BC by Julius Caesar, who was the first emperor of the Roman Republic. 

During the Roman Empire, there was a period of time when Rome was ruled by a group of aristocrats called the "Order of the Orders", who were the ruling class of the empire.

The Order of the Order ruled the empire in the form of a monarchy, which was based on the idea that the people of Rome should be able to choose who they wanted to rule the empire and who they didn't want to rule it. This system was very effective, but it
We have telescopes powerful enough to look into other galaxies, but we don't have telescopes large enough to get clear images of Pluto.
I think it has to do with the fact that the car is moving at a higher speed than the insect. 

When you're in a moving car, the air around you is moving faster than you are.  If you're not moving at the same speed as the car, you're going to be thrown backwards.

If you are, however, you are going at a lower rate of speed, so the air is moving with you.
Headaches are caused by tension in the brain. When you fall asleep, your blood pressure drops, and your blood vessels in your head constrict, which causes a headache.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'll try my best to explain it.

Sandra Brown was found dead on the floor of her Brooklyn apartment, but her family's fridge was anything but empty. The police were able to identify her because she was found with a large amount of blood on her, but they couldn't find any physical evidence that she was alive. 

The police thought she was dead because she had been beaten to death, but the medical examiner said she was not dead.
It's impossible to have a score of 850. 

Your credit score is determined by the number of credit cards you have, the amount of credit you have and how much you owe.  If you have more than 300 credit cards, you have a higher score.

If you have less than 300 cards, your score is lower.  You have a lower score if you have too many credit cards.  Your score is also determined by how long you have had a credit card and how many times you have used it.  The higher the score, the more you have been able to use it.
It's called aphasia. It's caused by damage to the part of the brain that controls speech. It can be caused by a variety of things, but it's usually caused by hearing loss. 

It can also be a side effect of a disease, such as meningitis, or to ototoxic medications such as Gentamicin.
The golden ratio is an irrational number.

It's a result of Pythagoras and Euclid, who discovered that if you divide a number by itself, the result is equal to the sum of the parts of the number you divide by. 

For example, if you take a circle and divide it into two parts, you get a result that's equal to 1/2 of the total number you divided by. If you divide the number by 2, then you get the same result, but the two parts are equal to 2/2, so you get 1/3 of the original number.
Sour candy contains citric acid and tartaric acid, which causes your tongue to get sore. 

Your tongue is used for crushing food against the hard palate, during mastication and manipulation of food for softening prior to swallowing.

When you eat sour candy, the acid dissolves in your tongue, causing it to become sore.
I think it has to do with the fact that we are conditioned to think of violence as normal. 

Gore, blood, and death are a part of the human body, and we are programmed to associate them with pain and death.

Sex, on the other hand, is a natural part of our bodies, and our brains are wired to associate it with pleasure and arousal.
There are many different kinds of cables. 

The reason there are so many different types of cables is because they are different in size, shape, and quality.

For example, if you want to connect a cable from one country to another, you need to have a cable that is long enough to go from one end of the country to the other, but not too long to be able to carry more than one cable at a time, so you have to make sure that the cable is strong enough to carry a lot of cable. 


The other reason is that different countries have different standards for
There is a lot of variation in the quality of the tobacco used to make cigarettes. 

Tobacco is made from a variety of different types of tobacco, and the quality varies greatly from country to country.

For example, in the US, there are two types of cigarettes that are made by the same tobacco company, but are made in different countries.  
   

 
The tobacco that is used in the cigarettes is different from the tobacco that's used in cigars.  Cigarettes are made from different kinds of tobacco that are different from each other.  The tobacco is
The moon is not always visible on a bright sunny day.  It is sometimes visible during the day, but it is usually obscured by clouds.
Larger animals have more muscle mass than smaller animals, which means that they have more mass to push against the ground. This means that when they fall, they are more likely to land on their feet, which is why they are stronger.
You have to go to /r/videos and type in the URL. 

If you don't have a youtube account, you can't post a video there.
It's a swivel chair, with a set of wheels for mobility and adjustable height. 

The seat is attached to the back of the chair at a 90° angle to the seat.  The seat is made of two pieces of wood that are attached to one another at 90° or slightly greater angle, with the four corners of the horizontal seat attached in turn to four legs.  These four legs are connected to a shaft about which a four-arm turnstile on rollers can turn—strong enough to support the weight of a person who sits on the seat (usually wide and broad enough to hold the seat up).  The four legs also have a mechanism that allows you to adjust the height of the seat by turning the shaft.
It's not possible to "defrost" and have your heart restarted after your body has been "warmed up". 

Your body is still too cold for the heart to be able to pump blood to the rest of your body.  Your heart needs oxygen to function properly.  When your body is cold, it uses up all the energy it has stored in the blood vessels to pump oxygen to your heart.  This is called diastole.

When your heart stops pumping, it stops the blood flow to your brain, which is why you can't resuscitate someone who's died of
It's not illegal in Israel, but it is illegal in the eyes of the international community. 

It's illegal even in Israel's own eyes, because it's illegal under the terms of the UN Security Council Resolution 2231, which prohibits Israel from building settlements on Palestinian land.
Language is a collection of words. 

Language is not a single thing.  It's a set of words that are related to each other.  If you want to understand a language, you need to understand its grammar, vocabulary, and vocabulary.

Languages come from a lot of different sources.  For example, if you have a language that is related to English, but not English, then you can understand it as English.  But if you don't have English, you can't understand it.  You have to understand the grammar and vocabulary of the other languages, and you have to
Your brain is made up of a bunch of cells called neurons.  These cells are connected to each other by a network of nerves.  When you remember something, your brain sends out a signal to the neurons in your brain telling them what to do, and they do it.  

When you have a memory, it's stored in the nucleus of the neurons.
It's because it's the last day of Lent. 

Easter is on the 7th Sunday after Pentecost, which is the seventh Sunday after Easter.  It's a feast day in the Christian Church, so it's believed to be the last Sunday before Easter.
The laws are enforceable. 

There are laws against war crimes, but there are no laws against crimes against humanity.

The laws about war crimes are enforced by the United Nations, but they are not enforceable by the UN.  The UN does not have the authority to enforce the laws.
I think it has to do with the fact that the commentators have a lot of time to watch the game and know the players on the field. 

They also have the benefit of being able to see the players in the crowd, which helps them identify them.

I'm not sure if this is true for every sport, but I think it's true for football. 


_URL_0_
It's not that they don't have nuclear weapons, it's that they have a policy of "nuclear opacity". 

They don't want the world to know that they're building nuclear weapons because it would make it easier for Iran to build nuclear weapons and then use them against them.

It's the same reason the US doesn't want Israel to get nuclear weapons.
It's called an aphthous stomatitis. It's caused by inflammation in your tongue. It can be caused by bacteria, viruses, bacteria in your saliva glands, or it can be a result of an autoimmune reaction.
It's called a "flash crash".

A stock market crash is when the value of all the stocks in the market drops at once. 

The stock market is a collection of stocks that are owned by a bunch of people.

When the stock market goes down, it means that all the other stocks in that index are going down as well, and that's bad news for the people who own those stocks.
It's true that politicians use war for their own gains. 

But it's not true that they use it for the sake of winning.

They use it to promote their own interests.  They use it as a tool to gain political power.
I'm not an expert on politics, but I'll try my best to give you a basic understanding.

In the US, we have two major parties: the Republicans and the Democrats. 

The Republicans are the party that controls the House of Representatives and the Senate.  The Democrats control the Presidency and the Supreme Court.  This means that the President is the head of the government, and the Congress is the branch of government that makes laws.  They are the ones who decide what the President does, and what the Constitution says.  In the case of the Senate, they are the people who
Confidence is a good way to attract someone, but it's also a bad way to sound confident. 

You can sound confident by saying things like "I'm confident" or "I know what I'm doing" but it sounds arrogant because it implies that you know what you're talking about.
When you squint at a light source, you're looking at it from a different angle than the one it's coming from. The light is coming from the same direction as you are, but the angle of the light source is different than the angle you're seeing it from. This causes the light to bounce off of your retina, which is the part of your eye that receives light from the eye. 

When you look at the light from a certain angle, the light is bouncing off your retina and bouncing off of the surface of the object you're squinting at. This bounces off the surface and
There are no longer any popular all girl rock n' roll bands like there were in the 80's.

In the 80s, there were a lot of all girl bands, but they didn't get as much exposure as they did in the 90s. 

It's not that there weren't any, it's just that they weren't as popular as they used to be.
The point of a proof rating is not that it tells you how much alcohol is in the drink, but that it gives you a rough estimate of how much of it is in your blood.

If you have a.08% blood alcohol content (BAC) and a.05% alcohol content in your urine, and you drink enough to get a.10% BAC, then you're over the legal limit of.08%.

However, if you drink more than that, you're going to have a higher BAC than if you drank less than that.
It's not. 

There is no scientific consensus that vaccines cause autism.  There is a lot of evidence to the contrary, but it's not enough to support the idea.  It's more of a conspiracy theory.
The US is in 16.394 trillion dollars worth of debt and still be one of the richest countries/biggest economies?
The NHS bill is a bill to privatise the health care system in the UK.  

The idea behind it is that the NHS will be privatized.  The idea is that it will allow the private sector to compete with the public sector for patients, but the government will still be able to provide the same services.

There are a lot of people who are opposed to it because they feel that the government is not doing enough to fund the NHS.  They feel that if the NHS is privatized, it will mean that the poor will be left with less access to care, and that the
When you have a cold, the mucus in your nose is clogging up your airways.  Your body is producing mucus to keep your sinuses open, which is essential for breathing.  When you have an allergic reaction, your body produces more mucus, which clogs up your nasal passages.
Hugh Glass is made of ice.  He's body temperature is below zero degrees Celsius, so he's not going to freeze to death.
They don't. 

The board is made out of rubber, and the board itself is made of rubber.  The board is also made of plastic, and it is very strong.  It is designed to withstand the force of the wave.  If you fall off the board, you are going to hit the water, and you will land on the board.  You will not be able to land on your feet, and if you do, you will hit the board hard enough to knock it off.

If you are wearing a wetsuit, the board will protect you from the water.
I'm not sure what you're talking about. 

The Galapagos tortoise is a species of tortoise, not a subspecies.

It's not that they're different species, it's that they have very similar characteristics, but they're not the same species.  They're subspecies of the same tortoise.
Yes, it's a good idea. 

The problem is that the alcohol in the drink will dehydrate the electrolyte in your body, which means that you will need to drink more water to replenish your electrolyte levels.

Biolyte is an electrolyte replenishing drink that contains electrolytes that are dissolved in water, so that you don't have to drink as much water.
I think it's because the stock market value of the company is a measure of how much money the company will make in the future.  

CEOs are paid by the stock price, so if the company makes a lot of money, they get to keep that money.

If the company doesn't make as much money, then they don't get paid as much, so they get paid in stock.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I think you're referring to the two/three "voices" in your head. 

Your brain has two main parts, the left and the right. The left side of your brain is responsible for language processing. It's the part of the brain that helps you understand sounds, it's also the part that makes sense of language.

The right side of our brain is the one that makes the decisions about what we say and how we say it, and the left side is the part responsible for making sense of the words we say.
Golf shots on tv are taken with a wide angle of view, which means that when you look at the ball, your eyes are looking at it from the front of your head, not from the back. 

When you take a picture of a golf ball, you're looking at the back of it, not the front.  Your eyes are trying to see where the ball is going to land.  When you take the picture, your eye is trying to look at where the golf ball will land, not where it will land.

So when you shoot a golf shot, the camera is looking
A driver's license is not a right. It is a privilege.

The right to travel is a fundamental right that does not owe its existence to the federal government.
It's called thermogenesis.  When the temperature rises above 12°C, the plant releases a hormone called florigen.  Florigen is a hormone that causes the stem to elongate.  It is released when the temperature reaches a certain temperature, and when it reaches that temperature, the stem starts to grow.
RedditSimulator is a game that simulates a real world subreddit.  It's not really a game, it's more like a simulation of a subreddit.

The subreddit simulates the experience of being in a subreddit, and it's a lot more complex than you might think.  There are a lot of different things going on, but the most important thing is that the subreddit is a collection of sub-reddits, and each sub-reddit has its own subreddit manager.  

There's also a subreddit manager, which is basically a list of all the subreddits that have been added to the subreddit
The color of blueberries is due to a chemical called anthocyanidins, which are pigments that are made up of cellulose chains.

When you mash the berries, you're breaking down the cellulose chain into smaller and smaller pieces, so that the color of the berries is more evenly distributed across the surface of the fruit. 

This is why blueberries are green on the inside and blue on the outside.
IMAX uses a 3D projector that uses a laser to project the image onto the screen. 

4:3 uses a 2K projector that projects the image to the screen at a higher resolution than the standard 4:3 projector, which means that the image is larger.

Dolby 3D uses a [Laser](_URL_0_) projector to project an image on the screen, which is then superimposed on top of the 4K image to create a stereoscopic 3D image. 



Edit: I'm not sure if this is correct, but I'm
I think it has to do with the fact that we tend to group things we did at the same time together. 

For example, if you go to the grocery store and buy a bunch of things, you'll see that you have a lot of things that you bought at different times, so you group them together.
I'm not sure if you're talking about Word or PDF. Word is a text file, PDF is a picture file.

If you want to save a word file as a PDF, you need to convert it to a format that can be read by a computer that can read the text, and then convert it back to text.
They were collected before we even knew how to test DNA. 

The kits were collected because they were cheap, easy to store, and easy to use.  They were used to collect blood, hair, saliva, semen, etc.

They were also used to gather evidence that could be used to prove that someone was responsible for a crime, and that the crime was committed by someone with DNA.
North Korea does not have access to the internet. 

They have a walled garden intranet system called Kwangmyong, which is maintained and monitored by the Korea Computer Center.  It is only accessible to the government and a select few people.  The internet is controlled by the government.  There is no way for the government to access it.
We can, but it would require a lot more energy than we have.

We can make water by electrolysis, but that is a very expensive process that requires a lot of energy. 

Hydrogen is the most abundant element in the universe, so we can't just create it from scratch.
Cheesecake cracking is the result of too much moisture in the cake. The moistness of the cake causes it to crack, which is why it's called a cheesecake.
The Chinese government has been very helpful and helpful to the West in the past. 

Blackhat and the Martian come to mind because they were made in the 90s.

It's not that the Chinese government is being helpful, it's that the West is being cooperative and helpful. 


_URL_0_
Because the plane has to fly at such and angle to go slowly. 

When you fly at high speed, the air around you is moving at a constant rate.  If the plane is traveling at a certain speed, it can't keep up with the speed of the surrounding air, so it has to slow down.

The reason for this is because the plane needs to maintain a constant angle of attack to maintain the same speed as the air in front of it.  When the plane slows down, it loses lift, so the air is forced to move away from the plane, which causes it to
I think it's because you're not used to your house's smell. You're used to the smell of your own house.
The EPA is the agency that regulates the environment. 

The EPA has the authority to enforce the Clean Air Act and the Clean Water Act.  The EPA also has the power to set standards for water quality and air quality.  These standards are set by the federal government, not by the states.

If the EPA were to remove these regulations, it would mean that the EPA would no longer be able to enforce those standards.  It would also mean that there would be less money available to the states to spend on clean air and water.
Antibiotic resistance is when the bacteria in your body start to evolve resistance to the drugs that are used to treat them. 

For example, if you have strep throat, and you take antibiotics, the bacteria that cause it will become resistant to the antibiotics.

If you have a cold, and your body doesn't have the immune system to fight off the cold, then your body won't be able to fight it off, and the bacteria will start to develop resistance to those antibiotics.
I think it has to do with the fact that women's bodies tend to be more curvier than men's bodies. 

In the past, women wore more revealing outfits because they were considered more attractive.

Nowadays, it's because women are more likely to compete in men's sports, so they want to look as attractive as possible.
It is possible for anything to get colder then absolute zero, but it is not the lowest temperature possible. 

Absolute zero is the lowest limit of the thermodynamic temperature scale, a state at which the enthalpy and entropy of a cooled ideal gas reach their minimum value, taken as zero kelvin (0 K, not 0°K).

It is not possible to reach absolute zero using only thermodynamic means, because the substance being cooled approaches the temperature of the cooling agent asymptotically, and a system at absolute zero still possesses quantum mechanical zero-point energy, the energy of its ground state at absolute 0.
They don't measure the height of mountains on planets when there is no water. 

They measure how far away they are from the sun, and how fast they are moving relative to the sun.

If you look at the distance between the poles of the moon and the earth, you'll notice that the moon is moving away from the earth at a much faster rate than the earth.  This is because the moon's gravity is stronger than that of the earth's.  So if you're looking at the moon, you can see that it's moving at the speed of light.  If you're
Oral health is not directly connected to heart health. 

Blood pressure is a measure of blood pressure.  Your blood pressure is measured by the amount of fluid in your arteries.  If you have high blood pressure, your blood pressure will be higher than normal.

If you are obese, you will have a higher blood pressure than if you are not obese.
It's not that they don't want you to upgrade parts, it's that they're afraid that if you do, you'll end up with a bad computer.  

If you're buying a new computer, you need to be able to upgrade the hardware.  If you don't have the money to do so, you're not going to get a good computer.
I think it has to do with the way we perceive the sound. 

When you hear a note, your brain interprets it as a sound wave.  If you hear the sound wave as a wave, your ears are telling your brain that it's a C, but your brain is telling your ear that it is a C.

If you hear it as an octave, your ear is telling you it's an A, but you're hearing it as C.
They were highly sought after by employers as a means of cheaper labor.

Before the Equal Pay Act of 1963, it was common practice for companies to pay women less than men for equivalent work, irrespective of the skills involved. 

In the early 20th century, women were paid less for doing the same tasks that men were doing, but they were paid more because they had more education and experience.
The Crown is the head of the government of England.

The Kingdom is the land that England is a part of.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm going to try to explain it.

A corporation is a tax-free way for people to keep their personal assets in a company.  If you own a company, you don't have to pay taxes on the income you make from it.  You don't pay tax on the money you make as an individual.  But if you own shares in a corporation, you do.  So if you have $100,000 in cash and you sell it for $100 million, you're not paying taxes on that money.
The US and Russia have never been engaged in armed combat directly against each other. 

The Cold War was a series of proxy wars, mostly between the Soviet Union and its satellite states (often referred to as the Eastern Bloc) and the Western world, particularly the United States.
You can't lie about what you said during a traffic stop.

You can lie about how you got pulled over, but you can't tell the truth about why you were pulled over.
They used buoys. 

The buoys were used to keep track of where they were and where they needed to go.
Being smart is not the same as having a good memory/recall.

Being smart means that you have the ability to think critically and make connections between things. 

If you are smart, you are able to think in a systematic way.  You can think of it like this:

1. You are smart because you have a good idea of what is going on.  
2. You have an understanding of how things work.
3. You understand how things are organized.
4. You know how to organize things.
5. You can organize things into categories.
Adding numbers to your password doesn't increase security in any way.  It increases the number of characters that can be guessed, but it doesn't make it harder for an attacker to figure out your password.  

If you want to increase security, you need to make your password harder to guess.  If you use the same password over and over again, an attacker will eventually be able to figure it out.  You need to use a different password every time you use it.
Bermuda, the Cayman Islands, the Seychelles, and the British Virgin Islands are all tax havens. 

They are tax havens because they have low tax rates.

The reason they're tax havens is because they are not part of the OECD or the European Union.  They are part of a group of tax havens called the "Caribbean Group".  These tax havens are all part of that group, but they are separate from the OECD and the EU.  The reason they are in the top 10 is because their tax rates are lower than the average tax rates in the OECD.
Yes, we can. 

The problem is that we don't know how to repair the brain, which is the most important part of a person's brain.  We don't have the technology to repair it yet.  It would take a lot of time and money to do so.
The simplest way to calculate 2 + 2 = 4 is to divide by 2.

Let's say you have two integers x and y. 

x = x*x + 1

y = y*x

If you divide x by 2, you get x * x + 2

Now let's say we have a list of integers x = x + y

Y = x

So if we divide x * 2x + 2x, we get x = 2x*2x + 4

We can do this by multiplying by 2x.
Lotteries don't require you to complete a skill testing math question in order to claim a prize. They want you to be able to correctly answer the question.
The difference between Chernobyl and Fukushima is that Chernobyl was caused by a "beyond design basis event," the tsunami and associated earthquakes were more powerful than the plant was designed to accommodate, and the accident is directly due to the tsunami overflowing the too-low seawall. 

Fukushima is a civilian power plant, and has been operating safely since 1971. It has been shut down since March 11th, 2011.

Chernobyl was a military power plant. It was built in the 70s, and was built to handle the effects of the Chernobyl earthquake and tsunami. It had been
Plants don't have a brain. They don't even have a nervous system. 

But they do have a sense of smell, and they can sense light, temperature, humidity, chemical gradients, and other things that animals can't.

They can also sense the direction of gravity, and translate that into movement. 


Plants can also detect the presence of other plants, and if they are in a situation where they need to move, they can use their senses to do so.
I think it would be bad for the world. 

First of all, it would make it harder for other countries to trade with each other.  If you want to sell your goods and services to other countries, you need to be able to exchange your currency for their currency.  You can't do that if you have a single currency.

Second, the value of a currency is determined by the exchange rate between the currencies of the countries that use it.  So, if the Euro is worth more than the US Dollar, then the Euro will be worth less than the Dollar.  This means
It's because it's easier to get in and out of a castle if it's open inwards. If it's closed, it's harder to get out.
Obamacare is a piece of legislation that was passed by the Obama Administration. It is a law that requires the federal government to provide health insurance to people who are not currently covered by their employer. 

It also requires the government to pay for the costs of providing health insurance for people who do not currently have it.

The problem with this is that the government is already spending a lot of money on health care, and the ACA was supposed to cut that spending.  The problem is that this is not going to happen, because the government will not be able to cut it.
When you are in shock, your body is trying to fight or run away from something that is causing you harm. Your heart is beating faster, your blood pressure is lower, your brain is confused, and your muscles are weak.

When you go into shock, the blood vessels in your body stop working properly, and the blood is not being able to get to your vital organs. This causes your heart to stop beating and your brain to stop working.
Trademarks are used to identify a product or service.

Copyright is used to protect the copyright of a work.
Guildings on /r/Askreddit alone have paid for 30.84 years of server time, why does Reddit still request donations?
When you sleep, your vocal cords get stretched out.  Your vocal cords vibrate, and when you wake up, they are not as stretched out, so your voice is deeper.
RAID 5 is the highest level of RAID. It requires that all drives spin synchronously (in a lockstep) so that if one of them fails, the data on the other will not be lost. 

RAID 4 is the lowest level. It doesn't require synchronous spins, but it does require a dedicated parity disk to store the data.

So if you have a RAID set of 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20,
The Challenger (Space Shuttle) crash was caused by a failure of an O-ring seal on the right solid rocket booster, which led to the rapid disintegration of the shuttle stack from overwhelming aerodynamic pressures. 

The shuttle was designed to be able to withstand a load factor of up to 20g, which is well over its design limit.

When the O-rings failed, it caused a sudden lateral acceleration to the right, which caused the shuttle to veer off course and crash into the ocean.
It's because they're cutting to the next ad. 

If you're watching TV during a commercial break, you're not paying attention to the rest of the show, so you don't notice it.
The Nazi salute was a compromise between the German military salute and the Nazi salute. 

The German salute was based on the "Horst-Wessel-Lied", which is the German national anthem.  The Nazi salute is the "Heil Hitler" salute.
Vitamins and minerals can be passed through your body in the same amount of time as fat, but they are stored in the liver. 

Fat is stored in skeletal muscles and the liver, and is used by your body to make glycogen, which is the energy that your body uses to fuel your muscles.

When you exercise, your body needs to use the energy stored in glycogen to keep your muscles going. When you stop using it, you start using it to make more fat.
The speed limit starts when the driver sees the sign. 

The sign is not always the first one to go up.  It's usually the first sign that says "30 mph" or "50 mph".

If the sign is at the end of a lane, then the speed limit will start there.
Your perception of somebody's physical attributes can be different than perception of others while we are looking at the same person
YKK is the manufacturer of the YKK zipper. 

YKK has a monopoly on the Ziplock.  They are the only company that makes the Zippers.  YKK is also the only manufacturer that makes all of the other Zippers in the world.  The other companies that make Zippers are the ones that sell them.

If you look at the list of manufacturers of Zippers, you will see that there are a lot of companies that sell Zippers that are not YKK.  There are also many other manufacturers that sell zippers, but they are not all Y
Capitalism is a system where people own their own businesses. 

Corporatism is a form of capitalism where the government owns the means of production.

The difference between capitalism and corporatism is that in the US, we have a lot of large corporations, and they are often owned by the government.
Your body is adapted to living within the atmosphere of Earth, and your skin is tough enough to withstand the drop of one atmosphere. If you were exposed to the hard vacuum of space without a spacesuit, your skin would expand to about twice its size in such conditions, giving you the visual effect of a body builder rather than an overfilled balloon. 

Your body would also lose heat from the lack of oxygen in the air, which would cause you to freeze.
It's not a thing, it's just a cultural thing. Middle names are a way for people to distinguish between their first and last names. 

When you were born, you were given a first name, and your parents gave you a second name. It's just that your parents didn't want you to be known by just your first name. So they decided to give you a middle name so that you could distinguish between your first and second names.
They use the stolen credit card numbers to purchase the goods. 

If you're buying something online, you don't need to go to the store and pay for it with a credit card.  You just need to pay for the item with the stolen card number.

The easiest way to do this is to buy the item online.  If you go to a store and buy it online, the store will have the credit card number printed on the receipt.  They can then use the card number to purchase it.  This is called "skimming" and is a common method of credit card fraud
The Texas legislature is in session right now. 

It's called a "special session" because the governor has called a special session of the legislature in order to pass legislation that he deems critically important in the conduct of state affairs.
When you die, the water in your body stops being pumped through your body. 

Your body is no longer able to pump blood through the blood vessels, so the water stops being able to do so.

The water in our bodies is still there, it's just not being used by the cells in our body.
Cell phone coverage on trains isn't the worst in the world, it's just that it's the worst.

There are a few reasons:

1. Cell phone towers aren't always in the right place. 

2. Cell towers are often in the wrong places. 


3. Cell phones don't always work in the same areas.  They're often in different parts of the country, and the cell towers are in different places, so they don't work as well together.
Stock trading works like this:

1. You buy a stock and sell it.

2. You sell the stock to other people. 

3. The other people buy the stock. 


4. They sell it to each other

5. They pay each other for the stock

6. Then they pay the seller

7. The seller pays the buyer

8. The buyer pays the sellers

9. The sellers pay the buyers

10. The buyers and sellers exchange the stock, and the seller gets paid

11. Then the seller
It's not that the food can't be stored at room temperature, it's just that it needs to be refrigerated. 

When you open the food, the moisture in the food evaporates, and the bacteria and mold that live in it will start to grow.

If the food is stored in a sealed container, the bacteria will not be able to grow, and so it will not spoil.
It's not about quality, it's about cost. 

Mexico has cheaper labor costs.  China has higher labor costs than the U.S.

If you're buying something from a Chinese factory, you're paying more for the labor.  If you buy something from an American factory, the labor costs are lower, but the quality is the same.
THC is the active ingredient in marijuana.  It's not the psychoactive component that makes you feel the effects, it's the amount of THC in your blood that causes you to feel those effects.

THC has a very long half-life, meaning that if you take a large enough dose of it, it will stay in your bloodstream for a long time.  This is why it's not possible to overdose on it.
Radio, wifi, satellite tv, etc all get to the proper location to be received without interfering with each other. 

Radio is a radio station that broadcasts on the same frequency.

Wifi and satellite tv transmit on different frequencies, and they all use the same antenna.
Fumes are made up of a bunch of molecules that react with each other. 

When they burn, they release a lot of energy, and that energy is converted into light.  The light that comes out of them is not visible to the human eye, but it is visible to infrared and ultraviolet light.

Fumes emit light at a very narrow range of wavelengths, so they appear to warp light in a way that makes it appear as if it is coming from a different source.
The primary colors are red, blue, and yellow. 

The secondary colors are green, violet, and magenta.
Pimps have a lot of control over the women because they control the money they get from their clients. 

The pimp is the one who pays the bills, and the women are the ones who have to pay the bills.

If the pimp doesn't have the money, they can't control the women.
You cant use the internet without electricity, so why not?
The Rhodes Memo is a collection of memos written by a former senior official at the State Department.  It's basically a summary of what was said to the committee investigating the Benghazi attack.

The gist of it is that there was a lot of speculation that the Obama administration was covering up the events leading up to the attack, and that some of the top officials in the administration knew about it, but didn't want to say anything about it because they were afraid of being accused of covering it up.
Generating random numbers is a bit more complicated than it sounds. 

Let's say you want to generate a random number from a list of integers.

The easiest way to do this is to take the list of all the integers in the list, divide them into n equal parts, and multiply them by a factor of n.  This is called a "random number generator".

Now let's say that you have an array of integers with a rank of 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13,
Milk contains lactose, which is a protein that binds to water and makes it taste cold.

Water, on the other hand, is amphiphilic, which means that it can't bind to water. 

When you drink milk, you're actually drinking water that's already warmed up, so you're not tasting the same temperature as it is when you drink it.
The Middle Ages were a time of religious persecution. 

There was a lot of pressure to follow the teachings of the Catholic Church, which led to a lack of creativity and innovation.

This was a time when science was kept separate from religion, and it was not easy to make new discoveries.
Folding is a way for people to set up a business in their own home. 

It's like a business incubator, but instead of renting a house, it's a place where you can set up your own business.  
 
You can rent a room, or you can rent out a room to someone else.  If you want to start a business, you can use the space as an office, but if you don't want to pay for it, you could rent it out to someone who does.  You can also rent out the space to other people who want to set
When you're asleep, your brain is producing melatonin, which is a hormone that makes you sleepy. When you wake up, your body is producing more of it, which causes you to fall back into a sleep cycle.
RSS stands for Real Simple Syndication.

Web Feed is a family of web feeds that are used to publish frequently updated works, such as blog entries, news headlines, audio, and video, in a standardized format. 

RSS is a type of RSS that is used to distribute content to other websites.
Freckles are caused by a mutation in the melanocortin 1 receptor (MC1R) gene.  Melanin is a pigment that protects your skin from UV rays.  The mutation in this gene causes freckles.
There are optical illusions, tactile illusions, and audio illusions.

An optical illusion is when you look at something and it looks different from what your eyes are seeing. 

A tactile illusion is an optical illusion when you touch something with your hand and it feels different than what your hand is touching. 


An olfactory illusion is where your brain interprets the smell of something and interprets it as a sound.  It's similar to a visual illusion.
Soil is made up of minerals and organic matter. 

When you fertilize the soil, you are adding minerals to the soil.  These minerals are dissolved in the water, and the water is then absorbed by the plant.  This is what makes the soil "useful".  When you don't fertilize it, the minerals are lost.  The plant doesn't need the minerals to grow, it needs the water to grow.
Leasing a car means that you pay a fixed monthly payment for the privilege of driving the car for a certain number of years (say, 12,000 miles) and when the lease ends, you return the car to the lessor. 

Buying a car with financing means that the car is worth less than the value of the car when you buy it, so you have to pay more for it when you return it.

Leasing allows you to drive a car every few years without the responsibility of selling the old car.
Pi is a ratio of two integers called a rational number that has a repeating pattern of digits when expressed in decimal form.

Pi is the number we use to represent the circumference of a circle. 

When you divide a circle by a circle, you get a number called pi.  If you divide the circumference by a number of digits, then you get pi.
They don't. 

They're not breaking any laws, they're just not paying attention to the road.

If you're driving a taxi, you're not supposed to be looking at your phone while driving.  You're supposed to look at the road, not your phone.  If you do, you get a ticket.
The Wealth of Nations is a book about economics. 

It was written in the early 1800s, and was written by an Englishman named Adam Smith.  It was written during the time of the French Revolution.  The book was written as a response to the idea that there was too much inequality of wealth between the wealthy and the poor, and that it would be better to redistribute the wealth to the poor.

The idea was that the rich should be able to buy and sell their goods and services at a lower price, so that the poor could have a fair share of the wealth.
Your forehead has a lot of sweat glands.  When it's cold, the sweat evaporates off of your skin.  It's also the place where your body's thermoregulation system is most active.

When it's hot, your body needs to cool itself down by evaporating water from your skin, which is done by evaporation.  Your forehead has the most sweat glands, so it's the place to do it.
The debt is paid off by the estate.  If the estate is large enough to pay off the debt, then it goes to the executor.  

If there is more debt than money in the estate, then the debt will go to the court.
It's called trademark infringement.  Trademark law says that you can't infringe on another company's trademark by changing the name of a product.  If you're going to do it, you can sue them for trademark infringement, but if you're not going to go all the way, you don't need to.
Holding your breath causes your body to release endorphins. Endorphins are chemicals that are released by your brain when you're having an orgasm. When you hold your breath, your body releases them, which makes you feel better.

_URL_0_
Some Americans support illegal immigration because they don't want to have to pay taxes. 

Some Americans don't like the idea of having a large number of people coming into the country illegally because they think it's bad for the economy.
The US is not in debt, it is in debt.  The debt is the amount of money the US owes to the people who pay taxes.  When the US is in a war, the government has to borrow money to pay for the costs of the war.  This money is not coming from the government, it comes from the people.
Because urinals take up a lot of space. 

The bathroom is designed to be a place for people to use, not a place to urinate.  If you put a partition between the urinals, it would make it easier for someone to sneak in and out of the bathroom without having to worry about being seen.
Helium is used in a lot of things. 

1. It is used for many purposes that require some of its unique properties, such as its low boiling point, low density, low solubility, high thermal conductivity, or inertness.

2. It can be extracted from natural gas, which means that it is cheap to extract from the ground, and it can be produced in large quantities, which is why it is so cheap when it's so usefull and we are running out.
Neon colors are caused by the photoreceptors in the back of your eyes firing at different wavelengths of light. 

Your eyes are made up of a bunch of cells called photoreceptor cells.  These cells are responsible for detecting color and are sensitive to light.

When you look at neon colors, they are firing at a different wavelength of light than your eyes are used to seeing.  This causes them to fire at different frequencies of light, which is why you can't see them at the same time.
Sound waves travel at different speeds. 

When sound travels at a certain speed, it has to travel through a certain amount of space before it reaches the other end of the sound wave.

If sound is traveling at 344 metres per second (1,130 ft/s) and the distance between the two ends of a sheet of metal is 1/10th the speed of sound, then the sound waves travelling through the sheet will have to travel at a different speed than the ones traveling through the rest of the sheet. 


If the sound is travelling at the same speed, then it will
Air conditioners use heat to cool the air. 

When you turn on your air conditioner, you're using heat energy to move the air from the outside to the inside of the room.

The air that's being cooled is cooled by the heat from the air conditioning unit, and the heat energy is released into the air, which is then used to heat up the air in the room, which in turn is used to cool down the air around you.  This is called evaporation.  When the air is cooled, the water in the air evaporates, and it's released as
They don't. 

It's called fair use.

Basically, if you're making a parody of a copyrighted work, you're not infringing on the copyright of the copyright holder.  You're just making fun of it.  It's not like they're trying to sue you for copyright infringement, they're just trying to make fun of you.
I think it's because the kid was being attacked by a cat, and the cat was trying to protect the kid.
Synthesiser sounds are created when the sythesiser injects chemicals into the skin of an animal. 

The chemicals are injected into the animal's skin, and the skin is heated by the chemical reaction.

When the chemical reacts with the skin, it causes the skin to expand and contract.  This expands and contracts, creating a sound.  The sound is then amplified by using a speaker, which amplifies and amplifies the sound.
We can go lower, but we can't. 

There is a limit to the amount of energy we can store in our bodies.  We can store energy in the form of heat, but that is not enough to keep us warm.  If we could store all of that energy, we would be cold enough to freeze ourselves to death.
The Big Lewbowski was written by a man who was a genius.  He wrote a movie about a guy who lived in a small town in the middle of nowhere.  

He wrote it in such a way that it was easy to understand and easy to follow.  It was also written in a style that was unique to the time.
Because it's on the Chattahoochee River. 

It's also on the edge of the Appalachian Mountains, which means that it has a higher elevation than other major cities east of the Mississippi River.
If Russia attacked Turkey, it would be a full scale invasion.  Turkey is a NATO member, and Russia is a member of NATO as well.  If Russia were to attack Turkey, they would likely be met with a Turkish counter attack.

Turkey is also an ally of the Kurds, who are an ethnic minority in Turkey, and are part of the Syrian Democratic Union Party (SDP), which is a political party that is allied with the PKK (Kurdish People's Democratic Party).  The PKK is an ethnic Kurdish party that has been fighting the Turkish government for decades, and is considered a terrorist
It's not illegal for some states to disobey federal regulations. It's illegal for them to do so because the federal government has the power to regulate them.
Radiation is electromagnetic radiation. 

It's a wave of particles bouncing off the atoms of your body and causing them to break their chemical bonds.

When you're exposed to electromagnetic radiation, the energy of the wave is absorbed by the atoms in your body, but it doesn't have enough energy to break the chemical bonds that hold the atoms together. 


If you are exposed to ionizing radiation, which is a type of radiation, it can knock electrons off atoms, creating ions. These ions can then be absorbed by your cells, causing damage to the DNA in your cells.
The moon is in the earth's shadow, so the light from the sun is blocked from hitting the moon. The light that does hit the moon is refracted by the atmosphere of the earth, so it appears red.
The government doesn't fund private schools, they subsidize them. 

The government subsidizes private schools because it wants to make sure that the kids are getting a good education.
Gravitational waves are ripples in spacetime that propagate at the speed of light. They are caused by the gravitational pull of gravity on an object. 

Imagine you are standing on the ocean floor and you have your hand on the bottom of a glass of water.  You can see that the water is moving, but you can't see how fast it is moving.  If you put your other hand on top of the glass, you can see it move at the same speed as the water.

If you take your hand off the glass and put it on the ground, you will see that
Lighters have a valved orifice that prevents the liquid from evaporating as soon as the top of the lighter is opened. 

It's not that the liquid is too volatile, it's that the flame is too small to ignite.
The Federal Reserve is the central bank of the United States. It is charged with keeping the money supply stable. It also issues the nation's coin and paper currency. The U.S. Treasury, through its Bureau of the Mint and Bureau of Engraving and Printing, actually produces the paper currency and sells it to the Federal Reserve.
I think it's because they want you to log into Facebook to use it. 

If you don't log in, they can't use your information to connect you to other websites.
The phone is not a property of the school, it is a property owned by the school.

The school has to pay the owner of the phone to return it.
The rapture is the end of the world as we know it.  

It is the day when the earth will be destroyed.  The earth will fall apart.  It will be the day of judgment.  We will not be able to go back to our lives as we were before the rapture.
They don't. 

Athletes don't make money from endorsements.  They make money by playing sports.  If they don't play sports, they're not making money.

If they do, they are making money because they have a contract with a company that pays them to do so.  That company will pay them a certain amount of money for each game they play, and if they win a championship, they get a percentage of the winnings.  This is called a "winnings share" and it's a way for the company to get a piece of the action.
Insurance companies can't catch you committing fraudulent claims. 

They don't have to.  They have a database of all the people who have applied for insurance and have been approved for it.  The database is kept by the insurance company.  It's called the "KYC" database.

The insurance company uses this database to track all the claims that have been made.  If they find a claim that is fraudulent, they will report it to the police.  This is done so that the police can track down the person who made the claim, and if they find them, they can
I think it has to do with the fact that they have a lot of time to play and explore. When they are young, they don't have to worry about getting enough food or getting enough sleep, so they have more time to explore and play.
It's not that it's hard to fix it, it's that it takes a long time for the skin to heal. 

Your skin is made up of a bunch of different types of collagen fibres called dermis.  These fibres are made of different kinds of collagen.  When you get a cut, your dermis is broken down and replaced with new collagen.

When you have a scar, the old collagen is still there, but it's not as strong as it used to be.  This means that it can take a lot longer for the new collagen to grow back.
It's called the [Weis-Fogh mechanism](_URL_0_). 

Basically, when you fly, your wings are constantly beating against the air around you, and the air is constantly pushing against your body.  When you're in a moving car, the air in front of your body is pushing against you, so your wings have to keep beating.
You don't need to buy fiber optic cables. 

You just need to have a router and/or wireless access point.

If you want to connect to the internet, you need a cable that runs from your house to your ISP's network.  If you don't want to pay for it, you can just buy it yourself.
Because it's easier for a doctor to write a prescription for a child than it is to write one for an adult.
The House of Representatives has a Committee of Selection, which is responsible for assigning members to many of the House's other committees. 

The committee is made up of members of both parties, and the chairman of the committee is chosen by the majority party.

Chairmen are appointed by the House Speaker and the ranking member of the Senate.  The chairman is the person in charge of appointing the members of the committees.
Monsanto is a giant agribusiness company.  They are known for developing genetically modified crops that are not safe for human consumption.

They are also known for selling seeds that are resistant to herbicides and other chemicals that are harmful to humans.
The $200 billion rip-off was caused by the fact that the US government was spending a lot of money on fiber optic cables, which were supposed to bring the US high speed networks but never came to fruition.
I think it's because they want you to be able to answer the questions with no right or wrong answer. 

If you don't know the answer to the first question, you're not going to get the job.
I think it's because it's easier for people to see the logo on their TVs when they start up. 

I don't think it serves any purpose other then to advertise.
GIFs are stored in a format called APNG (Animated Portable Network Graphics).

A video is stored in MPEG4, which is a video encoding format.

Animated GIFs are encoded in H264, which has a higher compression rate than MPEG4.
Psychologists don't know that the patient isn't lying, they just know that they're not telling the truth.
The LHC is a particle collider.  It is a massive collider that is designed to collide protons and neutrons together.  The LHC has been colliding proton and anti-proton beams together for the past 20 years.  

It has been observed that the proton-anti-positron collisions at the LHC produce a lot of positrons.  These positrons are the particles that make up the Large Hadron Collider (LHC).  The positrons and antiproton collisions have been observed to be very high in energy.  This means that they
They decide on the amount of money being fined and where does the money ultimately end up.

If the company is fined by a governing body/authority, they decide how much money they are going to pay, and how much of the money is going to be used to pay the fine, and where the money will go.
He was a utilitarian because he believed that the best way to achieve happiness is to maximize the utility of things. 

In other words, if you want to be happy, you need to do things that make you happy.
The Cheerios effect is caused by surface tension. 

When you eat cereal, the cereal clumps together.  When you drink milk, it's because the cereal has a lot of water in it, and the water is stuck to the surface of the milk.

If you drink a glass of milk, the water stays in the glass, and it doesn't stick to the glass.  If you drink water out of a glass, it sticks to the bottom of the glass and doesn't cling to the top.  The same thing happens when you pour milk into a bowl of cereal.
It's because your body is trying to regulate the temperature of the room. If it's too hot or cold, your body will lose the ability to do so.
The US was extremely liberal in the 1960s. 

The Civil Rights movement was a huge factor.  It was the beginning of the end of the New Deal, which was the era of the Great Depression.  The Civil Rights Act of 1964 was a major victory for the civil rights movement, but it also caused a lot of people to feel that the government was interfering in their lives.  This led to the rise of Ronald Reagan, who was a strong advocate of limited government and limited government.  He was also a strong supporter of the Vietnam War.

In the 70s and 80s,
It's not a significant source of food. 

It's just a way of saying that the food is not a source of a significant amount of waste.

If you want to know how much food is in landfills, you need to know where it comes from, how long it takes it to get there, and how much of it ends up in the trash.
Social stratification is when you have a group of people with different social status. 

For example, if you are from a wealthy family, you have more money than a poor family, but you have to work harder to get that money.

If you live in a poor community, you don't have as much money, so you can't work as hard to get as much as a rich family, and so you have less money to spend on things like food, shelter, clothing, etc.
Anonymous is a loosely organized group of people who are not anonymous to each other. 

They are, by definition, anonymous, but they do have a leader.  They are not an organization with a leader, they are a group of individuals who do not have a leadership.
Ph and F are both derived from the Latin word for "sulfur".

Sulfur originally meant "sulphur" in Latin, which is why it was spelled with an i in Middle English.

Ph is derived from "phosphorus", which means "sugars". 

F stands for "fluoride", which is the same as "fluoride" in English.