This was the Children, Young People and Education Committee. It was the eleventh evidence session on the Children (Abolition of Defence of Reasonable Punishment) Bill. The meeting was mainly about the divergence of criminal law in England and Wales. The group mainly discussed whether there was a need to update or amend the guidance. The Crown Prosecution Service would need to make sure that those people were brought up to speed on the fact that there were some aspects of Welsh law that diverge from English law. There was a shortage of registered intermediaries in Wales, and the Ministry of Justice had taken action to deal with that, and they had had a number of people who were now in a position to act as intermediaries. They would keep a manual log of every referral.
According to Barry Hughes, there was a range of offences created by the criminal law, going back to the Offences Against the Person Act 1861 in the middle of the century before last, which provide for offences of assault against a variety of people, including, in particular, Acts such as the Children and Young Persons Act 1933, which provides for offences that are specific to children. However, there were other offences in Wales that didn't exist in England, but they didn't crop up very often. In that regard, it could be argued that children had fewer rights than adults. In addition, the police were much more sensible these days than they may have been 20 years ago in terms of trying to get cases charged in order to meet some notional target.
The law should reflect contemporary society and the law should be evolutionary in nature. The criminal law provides a general framework within which to operate, which most people tend to understand. The fact that they might not have many prosecutions is not a reason not to signify that certain behaviour is or is not acceptable. There is a spectrum of offences created by the criminal law, going back to the Offences Against the Person Act 1861 in the middle of the century before last, which provide for offences of assault against a variety of people, including, in particular, Acts such as the Children and Young Persons Act 1933, which provides for offences that are specific to children. But the more general criminal legislation, such as The Offences against the Persons Act, does provide specifically for adults and children alike not to be subject to physical assault.
According to Barry Hughes, the two-stage test was whether there was sufficient evidence to provide a realistic prospect of conviction and the second stage was whether it was in the public interest. If there was not enough evidence, the prosecution did not go on to consider whether it's in the interest, because they wouldn't put an offence before the courts if they didn't think there was a realistic prospects of conviction. However, once the evidential stage was satisfied, they only got on to the public-interest stage once they had satisfied the first stage.
There were other offences in Wales that didn't exist in England, but they didn't crop up very often. In terms of how they would approach it within the Crown Prosecution Service in Cymru-Wales, Barry Hughes' approach would be along the lines of working with Kwame and his colleagues to make sure that the guidance that they issue nationally suits both England and Wales. In addition to those that Barry Hughes mentioned, there would also be issues in terms of awareness of criminal offending for people from England who travel to Wales.
According to Barry Hughes, one of the implications was that the removal of the defence would mean that there would be more cases that would pass the evidential stage in Wales than there would in England, because the defense would still apply there. The second example was that they already had within the United Kingdom a certain degree of divergence of laws, and the example was this: drink driving. In England and Wales, the limit for having micrograms of alcohol in your breath was 35 µg in 100 ml of breath. In Wales, it was 22 µg.
When Sian Gwenllian AM asked Barry Hughes about whether it would be better for the CPS to see the draft changes to CPS guidance on the public interest test before making the final decision, Barry Hughes answered that he didn't think that would necessarily be helpful. He thought they would need to update the guidance, and it would go back to the application of the evidential stage, before the
According to Barry Hughes, this was primarily a matter for the police, because there were a great many offences or reports of crime that did not reach the CPS because they were dealt with by way of an out-of-court disposal. The numbers would be very small, which means they would be able to keep a clear track on those and, obviously, they would wish to keep the situation under review, and they would reach a period of time after whatever—12, 18 months, maybe 24 months—where they would look back to see how they were doing. They would keep a manual log of every referral.
Deputy Chief Constable Sara Glen was responsible for developing the police approach to out-of-court disposals and simplifying the range of out of court disposals. There were quite a range, and life would be simpler and clearer to have fewer types of disposal with more clarity about what each one of them involved.
According to Barry Hughes, within Wales, they could build an infrastructure that provides for a range of out-of-court disposals. There is quite a range, and life would be simpler and clearer to have fewer types of disposals with more clarity about what each one of them involved. They can't direct the police or the CPS to point people towards that, but, if they build a good infrastructure, it's more likely that people will be pointed in that direction.
Sian Gwenllian AM asked Barry Hughes whether there were any other unintended consequences under the new law, or the proposed law. Barry Hughes answered that they had had a pretty helpful canter through most of the circumstances that might happen, and he couldn't think of anything else off the top of his head. However, he did think that there was a risk of malicious reporting against parents involved in private family law cases, and there was greater potential for it to increase if the law was changed.
There was, at one stage, a series of targets for the police that bore down upon cases that secure what was called sanction detection, which counted for Home Office figures. Some individual constabularies may still have targets, but, as far as Barry Hughes was aware, they didn't have a suite of national measures. In the CPS, they don't have targets for securing convictions or not. They prosecute if they think that there's a reasonable prospect, a realistic prospect, of conviction and it's in the public interest.
According to Barry Hughes, there was a shortage of registered intermediaries in Wales, and the Ministry of Justice had taken action to deal with that, and they had had a number of people who were now in a position to act as intermediaries. Now, of course, if they were to decide not to do that anymore, they may have a problem, but in turn, they would be looking to recruit more people into those positions.
This is the last meeting of the group. Project Manager started the meeting with a review of the prototype of the new remote control. Industrial Designer, User Interface, and Marketing each gave their opinions on the prototype. They all agreed that the remote control was innovative and spongy, but it was not easy to learn and easy to use for both types of users. Then, Industrial Designer and User Interface gave a rating of three out of five for the overall satisfaction of the product. After that, Project Manager and Industrial Designer gave their evaluation of the process of the meeting. They agreed to redesign the product, but they did not have time to do so at the moment.
Marketing first gave the evaluation criteria of remote control. The most important function was easy to use, followed by zapping, channel switching, volume, and voice recognition. The more advanced functions were probably a bit harder. The remote control was spongy, easy to learn, and not hard to learn for the elderly. The user interface designer thought it was fancy with fancy look and feel. The project manager was not sure if they needed to evaluate the process and satisfaction on how things went, but Industrial Designer thought it would be good to do it anyway, because if they evaluated it, they could also determine if their objectives were good.
Marketing thought the most important function was easy to use, zapping, channel switching, volume, but the more advanced functions were probably a bit harder. User Interface thought voice recognition was hard to learn, so it was not easy for the elderly. Industrial Designer thought it was easy for both types of users. Project Manager was not sure about the overall ease of use because it did not only apply to the most basic functions. However, Industrial Designer gave a three out of five for overall ease.
The group agreed that the remote control was spongy and easy to use, but they did not give it a high score on the ease of use because it was not easy to learn and it was hard for the elderly to learn it. However, the group thought it was innovative with the voice recognition function and the scroll wheel. The group also agreed that there were many other remote controls which could be compared with it.
Project Manager informed the group that the cost of the product was way above the price of twelve Euro fifty. The group agreed that they should skip the solar cell because it was not that important. Then Project Manager suggested that push-buttons were not the most expensive, but they did add extra cost. Industrial Designer agreed and proposed to change the casing to plastic instead of rubber. However, Project Manager pointed out that this would add four Euro to the price, so the group agreed to keep the voice recognition function.
Project Manager informed the group that the original price of the remote control was twenty-two Euros, which was way above the twelve Euro fifty mark. Project Manager proposed to reduce the cost of production to twenty-five Euros. However, Industrial Designer pointed out that the solar cell was too expensive and the voice recognition feature was not that important, so the group agreed to skip it. The group also agreed that push-buttons were not the most expensive, but they did add extra cost.
Industrial Designer proposed to reduce the cost of the remote control by leaving out the solar cells and the voice recognition function. However, Project Manager pointed out that the latter would add four Euro to the price of the product. Industrial Designer agreed and proposed to change the casing to make it more user-friendly.
This was the functional design meeting, where the team discussed user needs, technical effects, and the working design of the remote control. First of all, Project Manager mentioned some new project requirements that came in, including teletext being outdated due to internet popularity. Then, User Interface gave a presentation about the technical functions design, focusing on what functions the team needed and how to make the best function for the user. After that, Industrial Designer gave an overview of how the remote would work, including the basic functions, the location function and the battery for the energy source. The team also discussed the VCR capabilities of remote control, which was decided to be VCR-only for young professionals and teenagers. Finally, the team brainstormed on the number of buttons and the layout of functions.
User Interface thought it was really important to get this done in a user friendly and fashionable way. Marketing suggested keeping buttons together that close together that were used in the same way, or maybe making them the same colour, keeping the number of buttons to a minimum and also things like the screen and speech recognition function. Industrial Designer thought speech recognition was really hard to programme and it seemed silly to implement it. Project Manager thought it would be cool to have it all on one, because users could turn it on then they could turn up the volume and then go to the menu.
User Interface suggested that the finder button could be for speech recognition and the buzzer for locating the remote. Industrial Designer thought it would be easy to implement and User Interface thought it could be a two-part package. Project Manager agreed and suggested that they could design a separate base for that or sell it separately.
Marketing suggested that the buzzer could be on the TV itself or on a button on a TV or on the wall or some place. It would send out a signal and the remote would hear the signal and it would switch itself to channel one. However, Industrial Designer was not sure how to implement it and User Interface put the values in. Project Manager thought it would be a good idea but considering the budget, to have speech recognition programmed in every single remote might be a little pricey.
User Interface thought that VCR/VHR/DVD capability button should be on the remote control, but Industrial Designer thought it would be better to have a buzzer on the TV itself. Project Manager thought they should design a separate base for that or sell it separately. Marketing thought a beep would be sufficient.
The meeting began with a brief introduction to the team members and their current projects. The team was setting up a new compute farm to run P-make and Customs on twelve new machines, which would be used as a compute farm for compute tasks. The meeting then moved onto a discussion about how the team could improve the performance of their models. The professor suggested that the team should look at ways to combine different forms of noise removal, such as spectral subtraction, with other techniques, to get a better overall performance. The group then discussed how they could improve their model performance by adding more features to the model. Finally, the meeting ended with a short discussion about the future direction of the project, and the team brainstormed about how to improve the model performance.
The team was concerned about the quality of the microphone they were using. The professor suggested that they could get rid of the lapel and only use a single microphone. The team thought that the microphone was a good choice because it was in the middle of the room, and the junk that came with it was not as bad as with a lapel. They also wanted to figure out how they could reduce the amount of noise and noise addition.
PhD F informed the team that they had ordered twelve new machines to use as a compute farm. They were running P-make and Customs here and Andreas had got a number of little utilities that made it very easy to run things using P- make and Customs. PhD F suggested that they should try to limit the number of jobs to ten at a time.
The professor told the group that the workshop was about finding the higher-order moments of the cepstral coefficients. The professor recalled that one of the workshops was about how to deal with noisy speech. The team was working on a set of tasks to improve the performance of their models. They were trying to figure out how to get rid of the noise in the recordings and how to make their models more efficient. They thought that they could use P-make to do this.
PhD A informed the team that the team was working on spectral subtraction on the FFT bins. The team thought that it was important to have frame dropping if it was noisy. The Professor C suggested that they could add noise to improve the results. PhD A explained that they were doing inverse filtering, first removing Colorado colored noise and then making the noise white. The difference between the two approaches was that the difference in performance was not significant.
The professor informed the team that there was a person in Grenada who was working on a project in the cepstral domain using VTS techniques. The VTS was proposed by CMU. The professor did not know the person, but the team thought it would be interesting to know more about him.
The professor thought that the Wiener filter was not very effective if the signal was noisy. He thought that spectral subtraction and noise addition was a better approach. He also suggested combining the two approaches, which would allow the neural network to figure out what was useful and what was not.
The meeting was primarily about the progress of the recording and transcription project. The team was making progress on getting the recordings clean and channelized, and was working on the transition from wired to wireless. They were also discussing how to handle bleeps and bleep-outs in the transcriptions, and how to ensure that the information in the transcripts is bleeped out in a way that does not hurt other participants' feelings. They also discussed how they could incorporate additional conventions into the transcripts, such as having a systematic handling of numbers and acronyms.
Postdoc F wanted to know if there was any chance of audio monitoring on some of the equipment. The team was working on replacing wired mikes with wireless and getting another wireless setup, which would allow for more channels in a wireless setup. The wireless setup was expensive, but it did seem to be better than the wired one. There was some concern that the team would have to do some hand-soldering, but this was not necessary.
The recording team is working on ensuring that the data are clean first, and then channelized to ensure that the mark-up is consistent all the way throughout. They have incorporated additional conventions in terms of having a systematic handling of numbers and acronyms, and bleeping out speech that is deemed offensive.
Transcribers have transcribed over thirty-two hours of data as of a week and a half ago, and are working on completing the remaining thirty-five hours. The next step is to ensure that the transcriptions are clean first, and then channelized. The Transcriber Training Center is in the process of generating web pages with transcriptions that will be sent to participants via email.
Transcribers will be required to bleep out portions of the transcriptions that the participants do not want to be included in the corpus. They will also be responsible for ensuring that the transcripts are not bleeped out for privacy reasons. A web interface will be generated to allow participants to access the transcripts and bleep any portions they don't want.
The meeting was mainly about the design of the belief-net. The group discussed the structure of the decision nodes and how they could be combined. The professor suggested that they could have a binary endpoint with a set of values for each of the properties. The decision nodes would have to be given different values for "go-there" and "going-there", but the professor thought that it would be a good idea to combine them. The meeting ended with a short discussion about how to make the decision about whether to enter the castle.
The discussion about value for user and situation models began with the user interest vector, which represented the level of interest of the user. The professor suggested that the model should be modified to reflect the user's budget. The user would only enter a place if he or she was not too tired to do so and had the money to pay for it, and if it was not accessible to a tourist, they would not want to enter it. The situation model was modified to include the user thrift, the user budget, and the user's time schedule.
The group members thought that the user's budget may influence the outcome of decisions. They wanted to keep a running total of things so that they could keep an idea of how much money the user had left to spend. The professor thought that it would be a good idea to have a fit node to measure the match between the object and the user.
Grad E thought that the decision about whether to go there in the first place or not was one of the basic ones. The professor thought it might not be true or false because they did not have an idea of when the user would need more film. The user model was complex and it was much more complex to query when would be the most appropriate time. The Professor thought that they could have intermediate nodes that just the endpoint and the Go-there S node sort of fed into.
Grad E thought that the decision about whether to go there in the first place or not was one of the basic ones. The user was definitely more likely to enter if he or she was a local and less likely to view if it was an expensive place to enter. The reason it might not be true or false is that they did not have this idea of when it was most appropriate to enter the building.
The group discussed the probability distribution for each X-hat in the belief-net. They wanted the probability that Y equals A to add up to one. They had to specify the conditional property of this given all the other inputs. The professor suggested that they could have a weighted average for each of the inputs, which would be a vector with three zero's and one one one for "e" and "u".
Grad D suggested that they could have a mixture of experts, where one expert was more reliable and another more reliable in certain situations. Grad D explained that the H node, which was a hidden variable, got its input from X - one, X - two, X- three, and X- four, and what it did was it decided which of the experts was to be trusted in this particular situation. The function of the thing that came out of H was very different from the other inputs. It was driving how the other four were interpreted. The probability that Y equals A would be W one times.
The whole meeting was about the functional design of the remote control. The first presentation was given by User Interface Designer on the technical function design for user interface for remote control and User Interface proposed to have a switch menu with many functions in one button. Then Industrial Designer presented on the industrial design of remote control using infrared control. Then Project Manager presented on new product requirements and the decision on remote control functions. After that, Marketing gave a presentation on RSI problems of users and how to solve them. Finally, Project Manager closed the meeting with individual work.
Firstly, Project Manager informed the team that they did not really want to use the teletext anymore, as it was outdated and inefficient. Secondly, seventy-five percent of the users found the most remote controls ugly, so they wanted to zap between functions of their remote control. Thirdly, seventy five percent of users zapped a lot, so just having many functions in one button was not that good if users wanted to Zap a lot. Fourthly, they expected no more use of teletext. Fifthly, the remote control should only be used for television, so users should not have to learn to use it. Sixthly, it had to be a fashion and really be the image of the society.
The user interface designer and the industrial designer recommended to design a powerful and easy-to-use remote control with sophisticated functions and a switch menu so that users could choose which category of functions to use. However, the Project Manager pointed out that it would be difficult to have both functions at the same time and it would increase the price of the production of the remote control. Therefore, the Industrial Designer proposed to have many colours instead of having one grey standard. The User Interface designer thought it was possible to have less buttons and still have the same functionality. The Industrial Designer thought the wireless was cheaper and more practical.
Industrial Designer did not think it was part of the remote control design anyway. Project Manager thought it would be better to use the box in the TV, so with the set box you could connect internet with your TV. User Interface thought it was better to have internet then teletext.
Industrial Designer proposed a nifra infrared base because it was cheaper and better to control TV. However, Project Manager pointed out that it would increase the cost of the product and so Industrial Designer thought it would be better to have a wireless remote control. User Interface proposed a switch menu with many functions in one button to make it easier for the user to learn how to use. Project Manager agreed with User Interface.
The project manager thought it would be easier to have a link between the remote control and the television if there was a wireless link. The industrial designer thought wireless was cheaper and more practical, but the wireless problem was more the user's problem. He thought the user would be ready to have wireless if he or she would find it easy to use.
The user interface designer thought it would be possible to have less buttons and still have the same functionality and to have powerful remote control. They could mix several functions in one button. But Project Manager was not sure because if they had many functions just for one button, it was quite difficult for the user to know and the user was not happy to read the manuals. So they could have a switch menu and put the switch button.
The group agreed that the remote control should be yellow because people would recognize it when they saw it. However, they were not so sure about how to make it look fancy because different people had a different opinion about fancy. Project Manager suggested that they could change the colour of the product, but the image of the society had to be recognised. Industrial Designer suggested that yellow ribbon should be enough.
The industrial designer thought that the product should be fashionable and the image of the society should be recognized. The user interface designer thought it was important to meet the user needs and make the remote control look fancy so that people would recognize it when they saw it. However, the project manager was not so sure about how to make the product look fancy.
The project manager believed that the product should be attractive and fashionable so that customers would recognize it when they saw it in a shop. However, he was not so sure about changing the colour of the product, because the image of the society had to be recognised in the product.
This was the 20th meeting of the Special Committee on the COVID-19 Pandemic. The meeting began with petitions from members. The members expressed their concerns over the government's response to the pandemic and the ongoing threat to the southern resident killer whales. The Prime Minister and the Minister of Finance promised to continue to work with members of the opposition parties to ensure that the government had all the resources they needed to continue fulfilling their mandate efficiently and effectively. Then, the meeting moved on to the tabling of documents. The Minister of Employment, Workforce Development and Disability Inclusion introduced legislation that would directly help Canadians living with disabilities, increase the scope of the wage subsidy, and increase the flexibility of the Canada emergency response benefit. The government would also increase the fund for the CERB. Finally, there would be five really exciting accessible technology initiatives, including working on point-of-sale terminals for Canadians who were blind or visually impaired. This was the whole meeting.
Hon. Paul Lefebvre (Sudbury, Lib.) introduced a petition from Canadian citizens in support of motion M-1, which called on the government to support M1, a made in Canada green new deal, to take bold and rapid action to adopt socially equitable climate action to tackle the climate emergency and address worsening socio-economic and racial inequalities at the same time while ending fossil fuel subsidies, closing offshore tax havens, and supporting workers impacted by the transition by creating well-paying, unionized jobs in the shift to a clean and renewable energy economy. Hon. Steven Guilbeault (Minister of Employment, Workforce Development and Disability Inclusion) stated that the government had already increased the budget of the Office of the Auditor General in the 2018-19 period. The government had also increased the scope of the wage subsidy so that more businesses would have access to it, and the government would continue to work with industry to build up domestic capacity.
The Prime Minister and Government were accused of using the pandemic emergency as an excuse to avoid being accountable to Canadians. The Prime Minister was accused of refusing to table a budget, refusing to provide an economic update, and refusing to let the House of Commons do its work. The Government was also accused of withholding funds from the Auditor General's office to ensure that the money was actually there to do its job.
Mr. Dean Allison (CPC - Ontario West, riding of Niagara West - riding of Pitt Meadows-Pitt Meadows-Maple Ridge, PC - suggested that the Hong Kong government had arrested 9,000 civilians just in the past year, which was equivalent to the arrest of 42,000 people, proportional to Canada's population. The government had come way short of meeting the Canadian demand for personal protective equipment and the government would not pay for masks that it did not use.
Hon. Steven Guilbeault (Minister of Canadian Heritage) introduced that the government would like to work with the new Auditor General to ensure that her office had the ability to continue the important audits and transparency measures that were foundational to the institutions. The Auditor General had indicated that she would be able to do half as many audits, despite an almost doubling in the size of government spending. The government had increased the budget of the Office of the Auditor General in the 2018-19 period and added the equivalent of 38 new full-time staff.
Mr. Jagmeet Singh (Burnaby South, NDP) asked the Prime Minister to make a clear and direct commitment today to extend the CERB for families who need it. Right Hon. Justin Trudeau answered that discussions were ongoing on that, but he could assure Canadians that the government would continue to be there for them and support them, as they had been.
According to the opposition party, the government had not done enough to prepare for the COVID-19 pandemic. The minister explained that the government was taking all the necessary steps to ensure that the pandemic would not affect the normal life of Canadians. However, it was still not enough. The opposition party pointed out that there was still a lot of work to be done. The Minister explained that they were taking all necessary measures to ensure the safety of the public and the environment.
Project Manager introduced the project of the project, which was to create a new international remote control with new functionalities that didn't exist in the existing remote controls. The selling price of the product would be twenty-five Euros and the cost would be not more than twelve Euros and fifty Euros. Project Manager hoped that people would be interested in buying a new remote control. Industrial Designer and User Interface were assigned to work on the design of the technical fun functions of the remote control and think of the user requirement specifications. Marketing was supposed to give some trends about what should be done and what the users would like to have.
The group decided to design a new remote control with new functionalities that didn't exist in the existing remote controls. The price of the product would be 25 Euros and it would be sold in the entire world. The group would have to keep the product cost under 12.5 Euros and fifty Euros.
Project Manager proposed that the product should be international because people would be interested in buying a new remote control with new functionalities that didn't exist in the existing remote controls now. Also, the product cost should be not more than 12.5 Euros and 50 Euros, which was reasonable for the price.
Project Manager announced that the selling price of the product would be twenty-five Euros, which was a good price for an international remote control. The product cost would be not more than twelve Euros and fifty Euros. Project Manager hoped that people would be interested in buying a new remote control with new functionalities that didn't exist in the existing remote controls now.
User Interface Design and Industrial Design were assigned to work on the design of the user interface, User Interface Design was to design the function and Industrial Designer was to take care of the industrial way to transform it. Project Manager was assigned to manage all the group work, Industrial Designer would be the manager.
The industrial designer thought the user the user interface designer would design how the user would interact with the remote control and the relation between the user and the remote. The industrial design thought the function design was how the object would look like and it was the user's function to design the function.
Industrial designer and user interface designer had a specific role in the project. Industrial designer had to design and take care of the industrial way to transform the remote control. User interface designer was responsible for designing the user interface and implementing the core functions of the remote controls. The industrial designer was in charge of how the object would look like.
The meeting began with a brief introduction of the team's project, the search for the middle layer, and a brief discussion about how the model would work in practice. The team discussed how they could add features to the model, such as the probability of entering a certain building, and how to filter out non-essential information from the model. The meeting ended with a discussion on how the team could further refine the model and add features.
Grad B explained that the initial idea for the belief net was a big flat structure with all the features pointing to the output node. The middle layer was made up of features along the lines of where the person wanted to go and what they had said previously and what means they should use. The "admission fee" was added to the middle layer to indicate whether the person was on a tour, running an errand, or whether they were in a hurry.
The next step was to add a middle layer. The thinking behind that was that the features would be drawn from the communication of some abstract idea, like "I am a tourist I want to go to this place". The middle layer would be figuring out whether the person was a tourist or whether they were running an errand or something like that along those lines. The hidden variables would be used to figure out whether someone was on a tour or not. Also, they would add a node for "has door" to indicate whether or not someone was in a hurry.
According to Bhaskara, the goal of the experiment was to figure out the intention of someone by parsing the data. The first thing they got was that someone wanted to go to a certain place, so they could figure out what kind of going was happening. The second thing was that it was hard to distinguish between different modes of the discourse, so the experimenter had to make a distinction between "not public" and "not entering". The third thing that they did was to add a middle layer to the model. The middle layer contained a set of hidden nodes, like "admission fee", "time of day", "location", etc. These nodes could be expanded into little Bayes-nets.
The middle layer would consist of features that indicate whether a person is a tourist or whether they are running an errand. The features will be set up along the lines of where the person wants to go and what they have said previously and what their current task is. There will also be a hidden layer for contextual information, like the verb used, the object types used, modifiers, and so on.
SmartKom was a feature of the Bayes-net that allowed users to enter information into the system by parsing the discourse. SmartKom also provided a way for users to get a sense of the context in which they were entering the building. For instance, it could help users figure out whether the building was a tourist attraction or a tourist trap.
Hiring will take place in the next few days. Ben will be giving a talk on the topic at the next meeting, and Srini will be the one to ask around for information about the hiring process. The team is looking for someone to fill a vacant position in the front office.
This is the kick-off meeting for the new remote control project. The group got acquainted with each other by drawing their favourite animals on the whiteboard. Project Manager announced that the aim of the project was to produce a remote control that was original, trendy and user friendly. The team had to reflect on their experiences with remote controls to decide what they would like to see in a convenient, practical, nice remote control. They agreed that the remote control should have a call button on the television to be able to find it, and a little light and a vibrating thing to make it feel like it was under the sofa. They also agreed that it should be a medium between you and the telly, and the working design should be like a cat.
User Interface drew a dolphin because she liked its tail and thought dolphins were smart, cute and graceful. Project Manager drew a cat because he thought they were pretty and went well with the environment. Marketing drew a horse because it was pretty and looked intelligent. User Interface thought it was cool that dolphins jumped around in the water and were happy and they were mammals, but they swam.
User Interface suggested that the remote control should have a call button so that users would always know where their TV was. Project Manager agreed and suggested that a little light and a vibrating thing could be added to make the button light up and make noise. However, Project Manager thought that it would be expensive if it had a sort of signal which wasn't any sound.
The group agreed that the remote control should not be too big or too small. They also agreed that it should not have too many buttons. However, they did not agree on the size of the button. Project Manager thought it needed to be bigger to not lose and Industrial Designer thought it should be hand-sized.
Project Manager thought that if the telly screen was already a screen, then it would be possible to have a programming function, really easy sort of arrow up and down, on the remote, and then use the TV as a screen. However, the question was whether to have the screen on the thing or on the TV transmitting the screen. The team would have to decide on this later.
Project Manager suggested having a clip on the remote control so that users could clip it to their mobile phone. However, the idea was rejected by User Interface because it would make the user's hands sweat a lot. So Project Manager suggested looking into the working design of remote controls.
Project Manager informed the group that they were not actually in Scotland, they were in some European country and they would hope to sell this internationally. The selling price goal was twenty five Euro and profit aim was fifty million Euro. Marketing calculated the profit for each remote control would be two million and four million. Industrial Designer calculated two million for each profit and Marketing calculated four million profit.
The meeting began with a brief introduction to the current state of the model and a brief review of the results from the previous meeting. The model performed better on a different task, but the error rate was still high. The team was concerned that the model was not performing as well as they expected it to. The professor wanted to know how the model performed on different languages and how the team could further improve the model. The meeting ended with the team discussing the model's performance on different tasks and the potential for further improvements.
PhD D informed the team that the model performed better when it was trained on one language and tested on another, but the results were still poor. The professor thought that it was interesting that going to a different task didn't seem to hurt the model that much, and that the difference between three and four is not particularly great, so whether the model performs better or worse depends on the context.
PhD D explained that the multilingual model was trained on features without the derivatives but with increased frame numbers. The model performed better on the task-specific data but worse on the broad data. The error rate increased with the addition of English, but not as much as it did with the other languages.
The professor thought that it was interesting that going to a different task didn't seem to hurt the model much when it was in a different language. The difference between three and four was not particularly great, so that whether English was represented or not was not such a big deal.
The team discussed how to reduce the number of outputs of the neural network without reducing the computational capacity of the model. They came up with three types of broad phonetic classes, one based on place of articulation, another based on manner, and a third based on "theft" - a broad set of features that can be extracted from the broad data. The team thought that adding more features would reduce the amount of information in the model, but it would also remove information from the features that were relevant to the task.
The team was using a little tiny IBM that might someday grow up to be a big IBM machine. It was a seven hundred fifty megahertz IBM computer with eight processors and a moderate amount of memory. The team was not too excited about it as there was not much time for them to spend much time with it. They were waiting for more processors to be delivered. The professor thought that it was prudent for someone to do the work on getting the code running on that machine with two processors even though there were only five or eight.
The team thought that it was a good idea to remove silent sections from the model in order to improve word error rate results. The delay did introduce delays, but it was within the boundaries of the model. It was nice to do that in this case because it would give a better word error result and therefore would help within an evaluation.
This was the third meeting of the group. Project Manager had some points to point out. Industrial Designer, User Interface, and Project Manager each gave individual presentations on the progress of the previous meetings. Then, Industrial Designer and User Interface gave a summary of all the decisions they had made, including the energy source, the material of the case, the shape of the remote control, the company colours, the corporate logo, and the colour of the cover. Then Project Manager and Industrial Designer went into a further discussion about the product evaluation. Finally, the group made a final decision on the design of the product.
Project Manager thought it might be smart to look at Ruud's information first, because he understood there were some significant changes in the market situation. Industrial Designer thought it was not possible to print a picture on the device itself, so they should skip the titanium stuff and use wood or rubber with colours. User Interface suggested that the corporate colours should be grey and yellow and the material should be spongy. Project Manager agreed. Then Industrial Designer and User Interface gave their presentations on the energy source and the finishing of the case respectively. The group decided to use the regular chip instead of the more advanced one, and the scroll-wheel and scroll-wheels could be implemented with a regular chip. They also decided to integrate more advanced functions, like channel selector and speaker, with a simple chip, which was cheaper.
User Interface suggested that they could make a round an oval remote control in yellow and use rubber with a spongy feel. Industrial Designer and Project Manager agreed and Industrial Designer proposed to use a scroll-wheel and scroll-wheels. User Interface also suggested to use the corporate colours of grey and yellow. However, Industrial Designer thought it would be dull if they used a simple straight-forward not curve design. The group agreed to make the remote control with a round shape and rubber case.
The team decided to use rubber because it was spongy and the feel of the material had to be natural. However, the project manager thought rubber was not the best choice because it might not be too soft and the drawings on the buttons would disappear when it was from rubber. The project manager also pointed out that the younger group liked more colourful objects, so the team could provide both for the young and the old what they like.
When discussing the remote control style, Industrial Designer thought that if they stick with the simple straight-forward but not curve design, it would be too dull and customers would not like it. Double-curved could not work with rubber buttons and scroll-wheels, so they could only use the rubber buttons, and users could not use the scroll-wheel. Project Manager thought it was better to have a single-shaped case with a single curve.
User Interface did not think there was any possibility for them to use scroll-wheels and Industrial Designer thought they could just make four push-buttons in a form of a round. Project Manager thought they should use a scroll-wheel and scroll-bar. The group agreed to use a round with the four push buttons.
User Interface did not think there was any possibility for them to use scroll-wheels with a button on it. Industrial Designer thought it would be nice to have something like that on the device itself, but it was not possible. Project Manager agreed that it would add a little extra high-tech feeling to the remote control and attract the young customers, but there was no scenario where they would use the button in the scroll-wheel. Industrial designer thought it was quite good, but Industrial Designer didn't think customers would like it because it was unlogical. And Project Manager thought the customers would go insane if they had to point to another device.
Industrial Designer thought LCD displays were flashy and new, and Project Manager pointed out that it was less standard. Also, Industrial Designer thought customers would go insane if they saw a lot of information on a display, so they did not think they needed it. Project Manager agreed that it would be too much.
The meeting with the Children, Young People and Education Committee was about the inquiry into the status of the Welsh baccalaureate qualification. First of all, Dafydd Evans, the chair of ColegauCymru and chief executive officer of Grŵp Llandrillo Menai, introduced the committee to the current situation. Then, it was Sian Gwenllian AM's turn to give evidence in English and Welsh. The committee members answered questions from the members, mainly about the quality of the qualification and its evaluation at different levels. The members also expressed their opinions on the Welsh baac, which they considered to be a rigorous, rigorous, and demanding qualification, which was putting a lot of pressure on in terms of bureaucracy and the student getting all the information together at the end of the year, and whether that's developing the skills that employers require was questionable.
According to Dafydd Evans, most employers in Wales were small or microbusinesses, and while there were lots of small engaged employers who had taken an interest and did understand, the vast majority were more focused on getting on with the day-to-day running of the business. They were having enough headache getting around the differences with apprenticeships and the levy between England and Wales, and changes to qualifications. Not many of them have indicated that the Welsh baccalaureate was providing the skills that they require.
According to Ed Evans, it was fair to say employers didn't think that employers had a clear understanding of what the Welsh baccalaureate meant or what it included. However, he could see that most of the employers were really impressed with it once they understood what it was about and they saw the opportunities at a whole host of levels. The skills that they brought having gone through this process, at least in his sector, they could understand—'I can see what that person can do'. But they had also seen it from university-educated people as well. They were a little bit too focused on the academic side of things.
Dafydd Evans thought they need to review the qualification, and the voice of employers should be a key part of that review, so that employability skills and entrepreneurial skills have more of a role within that qualification. And the only way they'll get employer buy-in is that if they feel ownership of what's being done.
According to Dafydd Evans, one of the problems was that they had a number of children coming in to the colleges, and they needed to resit their GCSEs—in maths, English and Welsh. It was a valid priority for the Welsh Government for everyone to get a C grade in the core subjects, but that also ate into the time that the teachers had to teach young people. So, the priorities, across the sector, had given priority to GCSE resits rather than doing the Welsh baccalaureate at present. At levels 1 and 2, there were fewer and fewer learners doing 1-and-2 in the baccalureate because they were resitting their GCSs, and there was much more use of the Welsh baac at level 3, and A-level, and vocational level 3.
According to Kay Martin, the Welsh baccalaureate helped to prepare learners for employment, but it was not for everyone, because some people had to do the other things. Some people doing the equivalent of three A-Levels, even in a vocational programme, it was too big for them. However, there were lots of other programmes as well, and perhaps there was a way of joining it all up together. The Welsh bac was a combination of qualifications; it's not just one qualification—it's a combination. It helps prepare some people—the A-level students for university—but does it help my health and social care people become more skilled and employable? No, it doesn't.
Dafydd Evans thought that one of the problems was that they had a number of children coming in to the colleges, and they needed to resit their GCSEs—in maths, English and Welsh. But that ate into the time that the teachers had to teach young people. The Welsh baccalaureate was a combination of qualifications; it was not just one qualification. Therefore, if it was going to be a success, it had to be contextualised, and for the vocational lecturers to understand how to deliver the Welsh bac and get positive outcomes.
To what extent they believed that universities in the main understood the value of the baccalaureate was questionable, Kay Martin answered that they don't think they do, especially the experience they have with some of their learners to go to Russell Group universities. They do allow sometimes that you can drop a grade. They think it is mixed, and it does depend on the admissions tutors and the areas that they're going into in universities. In some areas, and certainly the local universities around here—University of South Wales, Cardiff Metropolitan University—value it in a great number of subjects, particularly in sport, when our students go to Cardiff Met, and business studies, when their learners go to USW. It is valued by them and they accept it, but when people go further afield—and they're always trying to push our learners beyond.
Nick Brazil thought that it was mixed, and it depended on the admissions tutors and the areas that they were going into in universities. In some areas, and certainly the local universities around here—University of South Wales, Cardiff Metropolitan University—value it in a great number of subjects, particularly in sport, when students went to Cardiff Met, and business studies, when learners went to USW. However, in other areas, it was not adopted by every admissions tutor in every university, and if they did offer an option with the Welsh baccalaureate, they said it was on top of three A-Level grades.
According to Kay Martin, it was mixed, and it did depend on the admissions tutors and the areas that they were going into in universities. In some areas, and certainly the local universities around here—University of South Wales, Cardiff Metropolitan University—value it in a great number of subjects, particularly in sport, when their students went to Cardiff Met, and business studies, when our learners went to USW. It was valued by them and they accepted it, but when people went further afield—and they were always trying to push our learners beyond. They had a programme under way at the moment called 'contextualising the curriculum' in the sector that they hoped to roll out.
According to Dafydd Evans, training is required regarding the Welsh baccalaureate, but where they are seeing it more successfully is where vocational lecturers have actually taken it on board. It has started to work well when our sports lecturers took the Welsh baac on board and have put it in the context of the sports curriculum. Therefore, no, they think that if it's going to be a success, it's got to be contextualised, and for the vocational lecturer to do that, and they've invested heavily in training those vocational lecturing lecturers to understand how to deliver the Welsh Baac and get positive outcomes of the bac.
Dafydd Evans was not sure about introducing a specialist teacher training qualification to deliver the Welsh baccalaureate as it was not working well when the sports lecturers took the baccalureate on board and put it in the context of the sports curriculum. Therefore, he thought that if it was going to be a success, it had to be contextualised, and for the vocational lecturers to do that, and ColegauCymru had invested heavily in training those vocational lecturing staff.
Nick Brazil thought that the number of the skills and number of challenges that were done within the Welsh baccalaureate were done very similarly within the vocational qualification as well. Therefore, if it was going to be a success, it had to be contextualised, and for the vocational lecturers to do that, and they had invested heavily in training those vocational lecturer to understand how to deliver the Welsh baac and get positive outcomes of the bac.
The meeting with the Children, Young People and Education Committee was an evidence session to scrutinise the Welsh Government's progress in developing the new curriculum for Wales. First of all, Kirsty Williams AM, Minister for Education and Steve Davies, Director of the Education Directorate, and Claire Bennett, who is Deputy Director for Curriculum and Assessment, presented the main messages that they had received during the feedback period on the draft curriculum. The committee was interested in understanding what the level of that feedback has been and to understand what the process to date had been. They had a lot of issues to cover, so they would go straight into questions. Then, they discussed how the draft assessment proposals were received and how they were going to deal with the feedback from different groups of people. Finally, they talked about how they would make a statutory provision for the 'what matters' statements, which would be the basis for the implementation of the curriculum.
The two main new areas that they were now working on to include within the Bill were to ensure that there was breadth within the curriculum for everybody and to make a statutory provision for the 'what matters' statements. They would also be looking to include in the legislation provision for a statutory framework setting out their approach to progression in each of the AoLE areas.
According to Kirsty Williams, the two main new areas that they were now working on to include within the Bill were to ensure that there was breadth within the curriculum for everybody and to make a statutory provision for the 'what matters' statements. The idea was to make sure that those were consistent, and then that still left huge flexibility underneath as to how to approach those, which particular topics to select in how to actually teach them. They would also be looking to include in the legislation provision for a statutory framework setting out their approach to progression in each of the AoLE areas.
According to Kirsty Williams, the 'what matters' states very clearly the broad concepts in health and well-being. It refers to both physical and mental health, and they intend to legislate to ensure that there is some national expectation and that the variation on these important things is not so great as to cause concern. They were always intended to represent, as a whole, the learning that every learner should get. The idea is to make sure that those are consistent, and then that still leaves huge flexibility underneath as to how to approach those, which particular topics to select in how to actually teach them.
According to Kirsty Williams, the government had put a lot of value on the work done by the Wales Institute of Social and Economic Research, Data and Methods and the paper to be presented by Dr. Nigel Newton. The government believed that there was a need for more research into Welsh education, not less, and the government would continue to support it.
According to Kirsty Williams, the WISERD research suggested that the senior management teams would certainly buy into what he had just said, but the classroom teachers would be a little bit more sceptical. The curriculum on its own would not be enough. It was the four enabling objectives that sat around it. The primary purpose for assessment was for that professional to be able to know how to move that child's educational journey on, and they would absolutely expect professionals to have those conversations with parents.
According to Kirsty Williams, the first thing to realise is that the curriculum was not a copycat of the Scottish curriculum, but it was always useful to reflect on how other systems had undertaken curriculum reform in their nation and to learn from any issues that had arisen. And so they were interested in looking, as I said, at some of the practices that other countries used to include pupil voice to find out what's happening. They found that particular useful and successful, and were keen to see if they could do something similar.
According to Kirsty Williams, it was the largest investment in professional learning since the history of devolution. The money was being made available to each and every school and empowered headteachers to really think, 'What are the professional needs of my school and the practitioners in my school?' Because, as we've just heard from Claire, there were some schools that had been part of the pioneer process from the very beginning and therefore were further along that development chain. There were other schools that maybe were only beginning now, now that it's published, to be really engaging with the curriculum. There was a national element to it, but they had given the money to individual schools and individual headteacher because they had no way of knowing how each individual practitioner was ready or how much additional support they were going to need.
According to Kirsty Williams, it was the largest investment in professional learning since the history of devolution. There would be an ongoing programme of preparation development and personal development as well as anything else. That money was being made available to each and every school and empowered headteachers to really think, 'What are the professional needs of my school and the practitioners in my school?' Because, as we've just heard from Claire, there were some schools that had been part of the pioneer process from the very beginning and therefore were further along that development chain.
According to Kirsty Williams, all of the schools that had previously been pioneers were invited to apply to morph into the next phase, which was innovation schools, and they were asked to apply and there was a discussion held both internally within Welsh Government and with the consortia about which schools were best placed to be able to do that role and to continue to work with us, going forward. There were 60 applicants from 170 previous pioneer schools. The innovation schools have led to a very specific piece of work as they do the final refinement, and their main role is working with us on these final refinements to the content but also to the assessment issues and accountability issues. They are continuing on that work now this term to keep making sure that what they're doing is something that schools can actually realize practically.
According to Kirsty Williams, children's rights, human rights had been key considerations throughout the design, and this was currently set out in overarching guidance and they continue to work with the Children's Commissioner's office to map the rights of the child across each area of learning and experience. And I'm delighted that the Children' Commissioner took the time to write to me during the feedback phase to say that they were very pleased that their initial assessment demonstrates that what they're proposing was a big step forward.
According to Kirsty Williams, it was really important that whatever resources they had to support the Welsh dimension were really, really broad and not confined to specific areas. The continuum for language would have to be contextualised depending on the setting where a child was being taught, and there would be progression points on that continuum that would be there to show progression both in Welsh language and in the English language, and they would be contextualized. When they talk about a Welsh dimension, they meant right the way across the curriculum, and that's important.
According to Kirsty Williams, children learning Welsh in a Welsh-medium school, their progressional on that point would be more speedy and quicker, and by the end of primary school they would be in a very different position than a child that was learning in an English-medium one. There would be progression points on that continuum that would be there to show progression both in Welsh language and in the English language, and they had to be contextualised. Just on the Welsh dimension, it was really important that whatever resources we had to support the Welsh dimensions were really broad and not confined to specific areas.
This meeting was about twenty-five minutes in length. Project Manager started the meeting by introducing the agenda of the meeting. Then, the group got acquainted with each other by drawing their favourite animals on the whiteboard. After that, Project Manager made a calculation about how many remote controls they had to sell in order to make a profit of fifty million Euros. The production cost of each remote control would be about half the price of the selling price. Then the group had a discussion about what experience are with a remote control and what kind of buttons they should have on the remote control. Finally, they agreed to design a universal remote control for only twenty Euros and to keep it simple and small.
The group agreed that the remote control should not be too big or too small, and the buttons should be on the same place. The group also agreed that it should be made to lay good in the hand and the strength was not as good as a normal remote control. The remote control could fold open to make it fold open and the on-off button could be put on top. Also, the group agreed to care for the strength of remote control and make it kid-proof.
The Project Manager thought that the remote control had to be special and original so that it could be used from everywhere in the room. It had to look like a different form than a normal remote control so that kids and the elderly were willing to use it. The infrared thing must be from a good quality and the buttons should be of the same quality.
The Marketing thought that the remote control could not be made to fold open and made to look like a different form than a normal remote control because the strength was not as good as a normal one. Besides, the Industrial Design thought that it would be too expensive to put a touchscreen on it, because it was too fragile.
Industrial Design suggested that the remote control could be designed to be universal and could control everything in the house, including TV, DVD player, VCR and DVD player. It could be made to fold open so that it could be used only for the TV and not for other devices. The remote control would be made of plastic and the strength of it would be controlled by the user.
The group agreed that the remote control should not be too big or too small because it had to have a lot of functions. The on-off button should be on the top and the volume on top so that users could see it. The group also agreed that it should be clear so that it would be easy to find.
The User Interface suggested that they could have the basic things on the same place, like the off button on top and the TV channels one two three four as a block, and then the volume obviously on top, so that users could see. The rest of the buttons that users don't use often could be clear as well. The User Interface also suggested that it didn't matter what place it was on the remote control, it should be clear and unique.
The meeting was primarily about the collection of data for the Meeting Recorder project. The team discussed how to collect more data and how to deal with overlapping zones in the recordings. The professor suggested that they could use a cluster approach to classify the different frames of each class of the data. The meeting also discussed the possibility of using a neural network to classify different classes of data. There was also a discussion about whether to use a speech recognizer or a more robust one.
The group discussed the idea of collecting more data from different types of meetings. It would be nice to have a bunch of data from a few different domains and have different summaries, but it would be hard to process the data in all senses and do any kind of higher level work on it. The group also discussed how they could get more regular meetings of types that they know about and hear, rather than a mish-mosh of one offs.
Graduate students may not be fluent English speakers, but that is not a problem at the graduate level. It is more a matter of proficiency rather than accent. Postdoc E suggested that they should advertise to linguistics grad students to get more native speakers. The professor agreed that it would be a good idea to have a meeting with a goal.
The team discussed the location of the recording equipment and the possibility of using a room in the linguistics department. The professor suggested that they could set up in another building and record people there, but the team thought that they would need a motivated partner to do that. They also discussed whether they should put the equipment in the phonology lab or put it in the meeting room.
The group discussed the possibility of using portable equipment to record meetings. One possibility was to set up a room in the linguistics department, but space was scarce in the building and it would be difficult to find a room that they could use regularly. The professor suggested that one person could go up to the meeting room once a week to record the meeting, rather than bringing all the equipment down here. The idea was that if they had a meeting room and they could guarantee that the equipment would be safe and so forth, and if one person was up there once a weekly to record, then they could get another meeting.
Grad B informed the team that they had space on the current disk for four more meetings, which was enough for about six more. They were getting more space, however, as they were getting another disk rack and four thirty-six gigabyte disks. The SUN rack took more disks than the Andatico one.
Grad B informed the team that they were getting more space. They were getting a disk rack and four thirty-six gigabyte disks, which was enough for four more meetings. The team was also looking into other vendors for storage space. The SUN rack took more disks than the Andatico one did, so they would need to find another one.
This was the second meeting of the group. Project Manager reviewed the notes of the last meeting, and then Industrial Designer, User Interface, Marketing and Project Manager each gave a presentation on the previous meeting's points. After that, the group discussed the functional requirements of the new remote control. The group agreed that the remote control should only be used for television, and it should be made for the age group of forty plus people. They also agreed to make it one of a kind and stand out by being unique with the design. However, they had to make some decisions about the speech recognition.
Marketing started the presentation on functional requirements. According to a marketing report, seventy five percent of the users found most remote controls ugly, so they had to make a beautiful remote control. Eighty percent of users would spend when a remote control would look fancy. Older people would spend more money for something good because they were more critical about where they spent their money money at. Seventy-five percent of customers said they zap a lot, which was normal. Users should make good zap buttons. The last point was quite interesting. Users had to keep it simple and stand out by making it a special product. They had to integrate the buttons in the design and make it more like a mobile phone.
Marketing thought that younger people were more interested in new features and older people didn't want to spend a lot of money on new features because they were in their old thinking way and wanted to keep the old things. So Marketing suggested skipping speech recognition because it was not reachable for twenty-five Euros.
User Interface agreed with Marketing's suggestion on the ease of use when presenting the functional requirements. User Interface thought that basic functions like numbers and on-off buttons should be easy to use, and for elderly people big buttons were needed to make it clear what the remote control does. However, User Interface did not think it would be useful enough to take the effort to design something with speech recognition because it would take too much time to learn how to use a new remote control.
User Interface first gave a presentation on the technical function design of the remote control based on a marketing report. User Interface suggested that they should keep it simple and use the standardised methods like on all remote controls. They should integrate the buttons in the design and make it more like a mobile phone. Then they had a discussion about speech recognition and whether to put a small light around the button to indicate that the button was on or not. The group agreed to make a mute button and put LEDs beneath the buttons to indicate the channel.
The whole meeting was about the design of the remote control. First of all, Industrial Designer and User Interface gave a presentation about the basic elements of the product, including the look-and-feel model, the material of the case, the function buttons, the backlight, the scrollwheel, backlight and backlight of the microphone. Then, Marketing, User Interface and Industrial Designer gave an evaluation of the prototype. After that, Project Manager asked the team to do a project evalu evaluation. The team gave a perfect score of eleven out of twelve, which was higher than the average for the project. After the evaluation, the team had a discussion about how many buttons were required and how many functions were required for the speech function. They agreed that speech function was not easy to learn, but the second layer was harder to learn.
Marketing made some criteria to evaluate the remote control. The team had to give an average score from one to seven on a scale of one to ten, with ten being the best, ten being average, and one being the least good. The average score was given to learnable because it was easy to use, but the second part, like speech, was harder to learn. Also, it was hard to judge the fancy look-and-feel because it had to do with the colours. The fancy look and feel was mainly about the flashing lights and the background lights on the buttons.
Marketing thought that the scroll wheel was handy and easy to use, but it was not as fast as a usual remote control. User Interface thought scrollwheel was cool and the rest of it was very clear what it all did, but the second parts, like speech, etcetera, that would be harder to learn would be after learnable. Project Manager thought it was a three or something. So he gave it a two or three.
Marketing recommended the team to evaluate their model by making criteria from one to seven, and then they could give an average for their model. The team would give a one for fancy look-and-feel and a seven for easy-to-use. The average score would be one or seven, depending on the criteria.
The group discussed the project finance and the use of the drawing board. The project cost was 12.3 Euros, which was within the budget. The group agreed to make a remote control with a rechargeable recharger, but they did not have enough space to put it on the back of the remote control, so it would have to be put on a slide-open. Then they talked about the speech recognition function, but it was not clear if it was necessary or not.
User Interface thought that they got the wrong information at the wrong time when discussing the project finance. They didn't know that the prices could be twenty Euros or something now and if they had fifteen Euros, then they would have it. Also, the speaker was too small and it took too much space.
The whole meeting was about the evaluation of the prototype of the remote control. First of all, Industrial Designer and User Interface gave a presentation on the prototype on the exterior of what they had come up with. Then, Marketing, User Interface and Industrial Designer gave a preliminary rating of all the criteria on a seven-point scale. After that, the team discussed leadership and teamwork and reached a consensus on how to minimize repetitive strain injury. Finally, they evaluated the product on the basis of the evaluation criteria and reached an average rating of one to seven on each criterion.
The group agreed that the new remote control should incorporate current fashion trends and incorporate fruit and vegetable design colours. It should be easy to locate and the design should minimise RSI. The group also agreed that voice recognition should be removed and the battery should be replaced with a standard one. In addition, the group agreed to use a seven point scale to evaluate each of the criteria and give their own individual rating.
Marketing thought that the spongy texture and fruit and vegetable design colours were in line with the market research findings. Marketing also mentioned that the team was limited in the use of materials for the prototype because of the limited budget. Therefore, they could use any strong fruit or vegetable colours, which was what they were intending to do.
Industrial Designer thought that they had not really come up with anything that could feasibly reduce the risk of repetitive strain injury. However, Project Manager thought that it was high enough at the upper end of the scale for them to go ahead with that, and doubted if on the basis of current technology and their current capabilities, they could actually do much more to minimise that.
The team agreed that the cost of the remote control was 12.5 Euros, which was within the budget. However, they still needed to cover the electronics, so they decided to change the battery to a standard one. The team also agreed that voice recognition should be removed from the product to make it more user-friendly.
User Interface thought that the replacement of the kinetic batteries would not make a huge difference, but it would make one difference if they went with the standard batteries. The biggest difference would be taking away the voice recognition function, but people were used to buying batteries. Besides, the customers never said anything about the battery because it was internal, nobody looked into it.
The team agreed that voice recognition was feasible and within the budget. They could adjust the volume on the remote control, just as they could volume on TV, and it would be quite loud. The team also agreed that they could offer the voice recognition initially to business class customers, which would set their product apart from the crowd.
This was the Children, Young People and Education Committee's sixth evidence session for their inquiry on education otherwise than at school. The meeting was mainly about the increase in the number of pupils being excluded from school in Wales. The panel of witnesses included Sharon Davies, head of learning, Torfaen County Borough Council and representing the Association of Directors of Education in Wales, Nick Williams, director of education, Swansea City and County Council, and David Hopkins, interim head of education at the Welsh Local Government Association. They discussed the main reasons for the increase, including the prevalence of ASD—autism spectrum disorder and trying to get the learners the right provision. They also talked about the whole package of support, which surrounded not just the learner but the family, whether it was transport, transport
According to Sharon, it was a really difficult balance, but it was brought up in the research stages of their report. The difficulties that can arise between the money that is kept back by local authorities and the funding that goes directly to schools can affect the kind of provision that's happening from authority to authority. Also, in fairness to PRUs, they've been trying to work on the fact that, if children move out of school, the funding follows them. But this will be needed in the future, certainly.
David Hopkins thought that it was difficult to know how headteachers and governing bodies would react. If they were under pressure financially or in terms of performance measures, they would react in a particular way. The principle was fine, but it did bring a host of other issues with it, if you see what I mean. The ALN legislation would put pressures on, not just local authorities and schools, but also on the post-16 sector because they were talking now about a wider age range—doing up to 25 as well.
According to David Hopkins, it was difficult to know how headteachers and governing bodies would react. If they were under pressure financially or in terms of performance measures, they would react in a particular way. The delegation levels were already very high in most authority areas, and they had agreements in place with the Government to make sure that more money, or as much money as possible, was devolved to schools. So, there were financial pressures there, but he didn't think the levels of delegation had any impact on that.
According to Nick, one of the things that has improved a lot is the networking within the PRU sector. They meet on a regular basis, and that's nationally. And the EOTAS group meets regionally as well. There's definitely a better sharing of practice. Also, they're talking about professional learning for any teacher or provider, or it's sometimes the more informal training they receive by making visits, joint visits, to provision and also using the expertise that they do have within the sector to work more closely with the schools, and vice versa, particularly around the curriculum.
According to Sharon Davies, it was difficult to plan ahead and from year to year and also within the term. It was far, far more difficult when they were 15, 16 to get them back into mainstream. Then they were looking more at how they transit, then, into further education and colleges and so on. It came back to that team-around-the-family approach, to ensure what was needed for that learner to go back into school, what can the school provide. There was a disconnect between what should be happening and what actually was happening.
According to Nick Williams, one of the things that has improved a lot is the networking within the PRU sector. It's looking at the whole package of support, then, that surrounds not just the learner but the family, whether it's transport, transport, etc. to ensure that everything is in place for that learner to go back to school, where it's possible. It comes back to that team-around-the-family approach, to ensure what is needed for that learners to go to school.
According to Nick Williams, they were managing those pressures in their own provision whilst they went out and observed through a provision framework to make sure that the provision was quality assured. At the moment, that was a struggle for them, because they were struggling sometimes for additional provision. However, they did not want to make it too difficult, so that they didn't got any providers coming forward either. It was a little bit of a balancing act.
According to Sharon Davies, local authorities were restricted on how much access they could get into the home. Therefore, it was really difficult to quality assure, because unless the families invited them in, there was very little access. Local authorities should take a greater role in individual tuition, which was restricted in that respect.
According to Dr. Ian Johnson, it was very difficult for local authorities to quality assure the provision of individual tuition in a private setting. Local authorities were restricted on how much access they could get into the home, and the home-tuition staff work for them in the local authority. However, they were not using agency staff, for instance, to go in and provide a few hours of provision, or to go to the local library.
According to Sharon Davies, the biggest challenge was the capacity. There really isn't the capacity for them to access professional training. They need to build in to their teacher training, and even through their ongoing professional development, both ways—staff actually coming out to schools, going into our provision and vise versa. It's more than just one person—it's the whole training package that goes around that capacity as well. And they need to look at it in the bigger picture.
According to Nick, the biggest challenge was the capacity. Sometimes it took years to build up on the expertise, and it was quite niche, and once that person had moved on, it was really difficult to start all over again. The local authority concerned should be aware of that and should be dealing with that. It was more than just one person—it was the whole training package that went around that capacity as well.
According to Nick, there was a PRU provision in the north and south of Powys and one in the south. But even so, the distances that those learners were having to travel were huge. It was a big issue. They had probably got a few areas that they would write to you about, if that was okay.
This meeting was mainly about the target group and functions of the remote control. First of all, Project Manager informed the team about the new project requirements. They decided that they should not support teletext in the remote, because the board felt that teletext was out of date and internet was replacing teletext. The remote control should only be used for television, because it was not feasible to implement it in the product. Secondly, they should focus on customers that are younger than forty, which was important for Ruud and as well for User Interface. The product should be interesting and should be bought by people younger than 40. Thirdly, the corporate image should be recognisable in
User Interface proposed to design an easy-to-use remote control with not so many buttons, just a volume and a programme one, and some fancy lights. Industrial Designer proposed to use a round button which could be pushed in four directions instead of a stick. Project Manager agreed and proposed a split mode with one button to change channels. The group agreed to drop the voice recognition function and take out eight buttons.
Industrial Designer did not think that the ten digits was relevant for elder people because they might not always want to use their voice and elder people might not like voice recognition. However, Industrial Designer thought that it was a big advantage when voice recognition could be combined with the find the remote control function.
User Interface preferred an easy-to-use remote control with not so many buttons and a round button which could be pushed in four directions instead of a stick. The remote control should only have the basic functions like volume and programme and only take out eight buttons or so.
Industrial Designer thought there were no technical difficulties in the design of the remote control. There was no elaborate technique used in this kind of equipment and no hiccups were found. However, Industrial Designer thought they should use energy-sparse, friendly components which consume far less power than conventional components, and if they want to use a rechargeable design or a energy-save design, they should really implement them. User Interface suggested that they should focus on the user-friendliness and the ease of use of the product. Project Manager agreed and suggested that the remote should have an easy-to-use design with not so many buttons and a round button which could be pushed in four directions instead of a stick. In addition, the group agreed to use the sound signal from where to execute the sound from where it could be distinguished from other sounds.
User Interface thought that customers would not bother walking to the TV and pressing the button because they lost the remote control. Industrial Designer thought that it would be more convenient if there was a central point to which customers could go and perform some kind of function, such as finding the remote controls. Project Manager agreed on this idea, but Industrial Designer pointed out that this function would be costly.
Industrial Designer suggested that they should use infrared because otherwise their device could not communicate with almost every TV set. However, User Interface argued that they could use the LEDs which were power-friendly and could be used for elaborate fancy lighting techniques, blinking LEDs and all that kind of fancy stuff. Project Manager agreed with Industrial Designer that infrared was a good choice and they should try it.
This is the second meeting of the detailed design of the remote control project. First of all, Industrial Designer and User Interface gave a presentation on the prototype of remote control based on the evaluation criteria of the project. Then, Project Manager presented the project evaluation criteria. After that, the group discussed the process of the meeting and how satisfied they all were with the product they had come up with so far. Finally, they discussed the production cost of the product, which was estimated to be 12.5.
Industrial Designer and User Interface gave a prototype presentation of the remote control, showing the wheel that users could use to change channels or volume, the power button, and the menu. The base was interchangeable, so users could change the colour, according to their living room or whatever, and it came with a vegetable or fruit shape. The remote control would be hand-holdable and not too big, but they would have to fit the battery case in there somehow. The batteries would be in the back, but the locator would be on one side.
Project Manager thought it looked like they might want to discuss changing an aspect of the remote. At first, Industrial Designer thought the wheel would probably be bigger and the base would be larger because some vegetables were not as easy to hold. Then User Interface suggested that they could just smash all the vegetables down flat and make the remote shape like a fruit so that it could be held in the hand better. However, Project Manager thought this would be an awkward position for the user to hold the remote in. Finally, Marketing thought they could make the touch pad in different shapes, but then that kind of re-designs the whole project if they got used to having the buttons in one shape.
Project Manager thought there was a lot of room for creativity in the process of the project. The team had come up with a product that met all the criteria and it was fun and satisfying. The prototype making was creatively stimulating and everyone got to contribute to the process. They all worked well together and it all blended quite well.
Project Manager thought it would be a good idea to discuss changing an aspect of the remote control. The group had a look at the slide show, and they all agreed that the broccoli shape was comfortable to hold, while the broccoli shaped remote control was uncomfortable to sit in an awkward position. So they decided to change it.
Industrial Designer thought it was a very democratic process and everyone got to contribute. Project Manager thought his leadership was crap personally. However, User Interface thought they all worked very well together and blended quite well, more than anything they didn't really have set roles so much, as they just would be like all had ideas about it.
Industrial Designer was not a big fan of Microsoft, PowerPoint or any of this stuff. He preferred to use the Unix or the off market, sort of WordPerfect and all these other things. However, the problem was that his new computer never had WordPerfect so he had to go track someone down who had an old disk and then reinstall it. So he had all these documents he couldn't use now. But it was okay. User Interface thought the information that was available to him was kind of just like or maybe it was just the idea that they had.
The meeting began with a review of the progress on the SmartKom project and the presentation of the thesis proposal. The team discussed the rephrasing problem and how they solved it, as well as preliminary observations in the tourism domain. The meeting ended with a discussion on how the construction of the Bayes-net could help solve the problem of construal, and how it could be applied to other contexts.
The thesis is about the construction and construction of a probabilistic relational model in the tourism domain. The idea is to use ontology, situation, user, and discourse model to instantiate elements in the classes of the Probabilistic Relational Model to do some inferences in terms of what is being construed as what in the tourist domain.
Grad C said that he was going to give a talk at EML about what they had done during their stay in Heidelberg. He was meeting with Wolfgang Wahlster to sell the idea of the project to him. The presentation would be on biocomputation and the construction of a tablet-based construction parser.
There was a lot of discussion about the topic of neurons during the meeting. It was mentioned that the team had started looking at people's brains in a more direct way and that they were planning to do the same with mirror neurons. There was also a discussion about how the team could learn more about how language works by simulating it in monkeys.
This was the second meeting on conceptual design. Project Manager was the secretary and Industrial Designer, User Interface and Marketing were in charge of presenting the three concepts of the remote control. The first one was the combination of easy to use and sophisticated functions. The second concept was a fancy controller. The third one was intelligent. The group had a big discussion about the features of the intelligent remote control, such as voice recognition and gesture recognition. Then Project Manager asked the group to work on the look and feel design, to have the easy-to-use, powerful and fancy remote control with some added value such as the simple vocal commands recognition. After that, the group would have to evaluate the product too.
User Interface first gave a presentation about the three concepts of the user interface of the remote control. The first one was easy to use, but with sophisticated functions. The second concept was a fancy controller, so that the customers could easy recognize the controller among a lot of products. The third concept was intelligent. The remote control would be embedded on the TV, so it would be hard for the user to change to another remote control if there was no key feature in the new one.
The user interface designer proposed three concepts of intelligent controller. The first one was Google controller, the second was a fancy controller, and the last one was intelligent controller, which was a combination of easy to use and sophisticated functions. With this advanced features, the intelligent controller would attract a lot of users.
The project manager disapproved of the concept of intelligent controller because most of the people just wanted to use the remote control to zap channels or change channels. Besides, the project manager thought it would be risky for users to get injuries if they used the same gesture all the time. Therefore, he thought it was better not to do any intelligent controller and to stay with the Google controller or a fancy controller.
Industrial Designer thought that the remote control should be a combination of easy to use and sophisticated functions, and the user interface should be cute and attractive. Project Manager thought that they could add some function like speech recognition and gesture recognition to it. User Interface thought it would be convenient if the buttons were unlighted during the night so that users could use their gestures instead of using buttons. Marketing thought that voice recognition could be added, but it was not necessary for the product.
The group thought that it would be good to have both the batteries for the alimentation. It would attract all the ecological consumers and attract the attention of the pro-ecology consumers. Besides, it would add a little bit of the price, but it would also be an added value that would be compensated.
The material of the remote control would be spongy and high-class. It would be made of plastic or wood. The project manager suggested wood because it was natural and fashionable. However, Industrial Designer pointed out that it would not fit with the wooden design. So they could have both wood and rubber for the buttons. Then the group agreed to use wood for the base and the case.
According to Marketing, the user really wanted a fancy look and feel. They were not so interested in the functional look and feels. They wanted the remote control to be technologically innovative and easy to use. However, there was not enough motivation for them to replace their old controller with a new one if there was no key feature in the new controller. The remote control should be able to work all the time, every day, every hour, for everyone.
Marketing recommended to do a short anal analysis of the remote control market and to have a better overview of what's the fashion in general. The marketing pointed out that everything from clothes to shoes and furniture was inspired by fruits and vegetables this year, so the marketing recommended to take this into account for the design of the thing. Besides, the marketing also suggested to take decisions about the component concepts, about the energy, and about the fruits and vegetable trends.
Marketing did an anal analysis of the remote control market and had a better overview of what's the fashion in general fashion this year. The market research showed that fancy look and feel was the most important one, followed by technologically innovative and user-friendly features. In addition, the market research also showed that people were not interested in the functional look or feel, but only the fancy appearance and easy-to-use user experience. Therefore, the team decided to design a remote control with fancy appearance, user-friendliness and ease-of-use, but without the key feature of speech recognition.
The whole meeting was about the conceptual model of the remote control. First of all, Industrial Designer and User Interface gave a presentation about the design of the product. Then, Project Manager and Industrial Designer discussed the cost of the chip and the material of the case. After that, User Interface and Marketing gave their opinions on the appearance of the new remote control, and the group decided to make it simple and basic, with changeable fronts and changeable fonts. The group also discussed the speech recognition feature and decided to put it on top of each other, but Industrial Designer thought it would be too difficult to use. After this, the group talked about the energy source and discussed whether to use a recharger.
According to Marketing, the most important aspect for remote control market was fancy look-and-feel, instead of the current functional look and feel, so it was very important for the team to create something new. Besides, fancy stood for an original look and felt of the case and interface, and technological innovative stood for new technical features, so the team decided not to make use of LCD or speech recognition. Also, the remote control should be spongy and fruity, like sponge.
Marketing thought that fancy look was the most important feature of the market trend and spongy remote control was expected to be fancy and it looked original. However, it would be annoying for older people if it formed like a sponge and was also a stress-ball. So they had to discuss about that.
User Interface recommended to make the remote control look modern and modern like iPod and three players. The remote control should be bigger and smaller so that it could be easier to be held. It should be made of rubber and changeable fonts so that the focus would be on these parts and not on there. User Interface also suggested to put the blinking light on the device to attract the customers' attention.
Marketing suggested that the remote control should have a fancy look-and-feel instead of the current functional look and feel. User Interface suggested that it should be made of spongy material, with changeable fonts and scroll wheels. Industrial Designer suggested that they could use speech recognition, but Industrial Designer didn't know how much it would cost. Project Manager thought speech recognition was too difficult, so they decided not to put it in because it would be a good feature feature.
Project Manager thought that the shape of the remote control should be more rounded and not square like the iPod. The user interface designer proposed to make it curved or round. However, Project Manager thought it would be better if it was more rounded. So Project Manager suggested that they could just round up the corners.
Industrial Designer thought that a display requires an advanced chip, which is more expensive than all the other chips, so the regular one should be used. However, Project Manager thought that the advanced chip would be necessary if they were doing speech recognition. User Interface suggested that they could put all the functions of speech recognition in the regular chip, but Industrial Designer thought they should use an advanced one if speech recognition was going to be a good feature. Project Manager agreed.
The meeting was the sixth meeting of the House of Commons Special Committee on the COVID-19 pandemic. The meeting was mainly about petitions and questions. The first question was from Mr. Daniel Alain Rayes, a member of the opposition party, who asked about the government's response to the COVD-19 crisis. The Minister of Public Services and Procurement Canada stated that the government had put measures in place to address the issue with the $62.5 million for processors, as well as to make sure that the CERB was available for seasonal workers and people who had run out of their fishery EI. The second question was about the large employer emergency financing facility, which was announced by the Minister of Economic Development and Official Languages, which would provide $20 million to expand the new Horizons for Seniors program to kick-start initiatives and services that would help seniors to get grocery deliveries right to their door and to stay connected. The third question was raised by Mr. Chris D'Entremont, who questioned the government on the situation with the COVid-19. The government stated that they were following public health guidance on this issue in looking to see where they could best assist. The fourth question was posed by
According to Mr. Alain Rayes, the Prime Minister and Minister of Finance had promised that the government would not tolerate tax evasion and tax avoidance. However, it was challenged by Mr. Dan Albas that there was no evidence to back up this promise. The Prime Minister explained that they were going to follow the procedures and put in place conditions to ensure that the funds would be used for operations, not for dividends or share buybacks. In addition, they would continue to work with the CERB to make sure that whoever wanted to access these funds was transparent about how the money was being managed.
Mr. Gabriel Ste-Marie was delighted to hear the Prime Minister say that there's no tolerance for tax avoidance. However, he quickly became disillusioned because it was more about abusive tax evasion and avoidance. There were no conditions that would allow the government to tighten the screws on profiteers. The Prime Minister had promised that fraud would be detected through audits after the fact, and they expected that to happen.
Hon. Bill Blair thought it was a great opportunity when the member opposite said what the police were saying. The police were concerned about gangs, drug dealers and illegal weapons being smuggled across the border. They were not concerned with these types of farm rifles that were being used by our farmers and, in some cases, hunters. He would also advise the member that any Canadian killed by gun violence was one too many.
According to the Minister of Seniors, seniors have faced increased costs due to the COVID-19 pandemic, and the government today has responded to that with additional action. The government announced a one-time, tax-free payment of $300 for seniors eligible for OAS and an additional $200 for senior eligible for GIS. Beyond this, the government announced $20 million to expand the new horizons for seniors program to kick-start initiatives and services that would help seniors to get grocery deliveries right to their door and to stay connected.
Ms. Jenny Kwan said that it was the federal Liberals who eliminated the national affordable housing program in 1993, so they had this homeless crisis today as a result of the Liberals. Currently, single parents and their children who depended on spousal support and child maintenance were not getting support. The Prime Minister must know that the money the federal government sent was deficient. Will the government stop just making empty promises and ensure that every Canadian has the right to housing.
Hon. Deb Schulte introduced that seniors had faced increased costs due to the COVID-19 pandemic, and the government today had responded to that with additional action. The government announced a one-time, tax-free payment of $300 for seniors eligible for OAS and an additional $200 for senior eligible for GIS. Beyond this, the government announced $20 million to expand the newizons for seniors program to kick-start initiatives and services that would help seniors for example, to get grocery deliveries right to their door and to stay connected.
The Minister of Economic Development and Official Languages introduced that the government was committed to supporting small businesses in the green economy and small businesses. However, the Minister of Small Business Development and Small Entrepreneurship pointed out that there was still a need for more support from the government. The Minister of Energy Resources and Tourism promised to provide more support for energy resources and tourism. The minister also promised to continue to work with small businesses and small entrepreneurs to find a solution to the problem.
Hon. Mlleie Joly (Minister of Economic Development and Official Languages) stated that the government had had the opportunity to speak to Mr. d'Entremont about solutions to assist people in the tourism sector all over the country, and particularly in the Atlantic region. In light of the new funding for the Atlantic Canada Opportunities Agency, ACOA, I will be happy to work with him and with the leaders of the tourist sector.
Hon. Bernadette Jordan introduced that the government had put in place measures to address processors' concerns so that harvesters would have a place to sell their product. The government was also working on direct supports. For example, changes to the CERB to make sure that people who run out of the fishers EI were eligible as well as seasonable workers.
According to Mr. Chris d'Entremont, the lobster fishery was being negatively affected by the Covid-19 and was facing losses of up to 95% of its Asian markets. The government had started to put measures in place to address the issue with the $62.5 million for processors, as well as to make sure that the CERB was available for seasonal workers. The Minister of Fisheries, Oceans and the Canadian Coast Guard was asked to explain what the government was doing to support fishermen who do not fit into any actual program and who desperately need direct financial help from the federal government to survive.
Hon. Bernadette Jordan introduced that the government had started to put measures in place to address the issue with the $62.5 million for processors and to make sure that the CERB was available for seasonal workers as well as people who had run out of their fishery EI. The fishery enterprises were uniquely structured, which was why the government was looking at measures to address their concerns. However, because of the unique structure of fishing enterprises, they were not eligible for many of the supports they had put in place.
The minister explained that the oil and gas industry was going through a period of stress due to the COVID-19 pandemic, and the government was doing all it could to help the industry during the crisis. In addition, the minister also promised that the government would continue to support the industry in every way possible. However, the opposition party questioned that the minister had not done enough to ensure that the crisis would not affect the industry.
The whole meeting was about the final design of the remote control project. First, User Interface gave a presentation about the prototype of remote control. Then, Industrial Designer and User Interface presented the prototype to the team. After that, Project Manager asked the team to evaluate the prototype under certain conditions. Finally, the team discussed the final cost of the product. The final cost was 12.5 Euros.
Marketing had three key points for product appearance. The first one was fancy look and feel. The other criterion was technologically technologically innovative. The final criterion was easy to use. The group agreed that fancy was defined by fruit and vegetable look. Then they had a discussion about the shape and colour of the remote control. They decided to make the shape like a pineapple with cherry on top and the colour like yellow and red. They also agreed to add the voice recognition function to it.
The user interface thought that yellow and red was the company colour because it was more attractive. Yellow and red were also the colours of their company, so the product should be in the same colour as well. However, the project manager was not so happy about the fruit shape, so he suggested turning everything in either yellow or black.
The marketing thought that the shape of the product was not appealing to customers because it was not like the traditional remote control, which was shaped like a pineapple with a cherry on top. Therefore, the user interface designer proposed to change it to a more appealing shape. However, the marketing did not agree with the idea because he thought that it would be hard for customers to take the product out of the pocket and put it in the table, so it would attract more attention.
Firstly, the group had to judge the fancy look and feel of the remote control. Secondly, the product had to be technologically innovative. Thirdly, it was easy to use. Finally, the cost of the product should be under 12.5 Euros and the production cost should be within the budget of 25 Euros.
The microphone array embedded in the remote control could capture voice from different directions, so it was technologically innovative. The group agreed that it was easy to use as there was only one button and it was very convenient to use. Besides, the group thought the solar cell was a good idea as it would be interesting for the marketing team to make a lot of advertisement concerning these solar cells to be able to sell it.
The marketing and the industrial designer disagreed with the user interface designer when judging whether the controller was easy to use. The first criterion was the fancy look and feel, the second was the technological innovation, and the third was the user's ability to use it. The industrial designer thought the vocal command was easy, but the turning from one channel to another was difficult. The project manager thought the zapping was too fast, so the project manager did not think they should redesign the product.
The group had a detailed discussion about the industrial design of the remote control. First of all, User Interface and Industrial Designer gave a presentation about the prototype of remote control, which was a combination of yellow and red and shaped like a mushroom. Then, the group discussed the material used in the prototype and the shape of the case. After that, they discussed the cost of the product and agreed on 12.5 Euros for the production cost. The group also agreed to have a microphone array embedded in the base and a scroll wheel with push button on it. Finally, they agreed to design the slogan and design the product in a fancy shape.
When discussing the industrial design, the group realized that the solar cells were too expensive. The Project Manager thought it would be interesting for the marketing team to make a lot of advertisement concerning these solar cells to be able to sell the remote control, but it would also increase the price of the product. So the group decided to replace them with a cheaper one.
The industrial designer thought it was good to follow the flow and make the product now and after, so that if the people changed their mind, they could change also the product. However, the marketing thought that fruit and vegetables would not last for ten years, so it was not a long-life product.
Project Manager introduced that this was the first meeting of the team, and they would get to know each other a bit better to feel more comfortable with each other. Then they would do tool training, talk about the project plan, discuss their own ideas and everything and have twenty-five minutes to do that. After that, they would practice with pens and draw their favourite animal on the white board, User Interface would go first and sum up the characteristics of that animal. Then the team discussed the functional design of the remote control, including what needs need to be fulfilled by the product, what effects the product had to have and how it was actually going to be put into practice and make it work.
User Interface suggested that instead of having too many b buttons and making it complicated for the user, the remote control could have an LCD display or something like that, like a mobile phone. Industrial Designer thought that incorporating that into the design of a remote control might be useful, so they could have a little LCD display. And if it's somewhat similar to what you have on mobile phone, people might find it easier to browse and navigate also maybe. However, it might have its cost implications. Marketing pointed out that there was no reason they need to make it look as fashionable and stylish as a phone, as it could still be lightweight plastic.
User Interface suggested that instead of having too many buttons and making it complicated for the user, the remote control could have an LCD display or something like that, like a mobile phone. With a menu display, it would be easier to browse and navigate. And if it was somewhat similar to what they had on mobile phone, people might find it easier to navigate and browse also.
Industrial Designer thought that the remote control should be self-intuitive as long as it was obvious what it was doing and users could work out what everything was doing. The older generation was better at using teletext than he was at using the teletext, so he thought it would not be a problem regardless of any design modifications.
Industrial Designer thought that there was no need to make the remote control look fashionable and stylish because it could still be made of lightweight plastic, which was easily moulded and produced. Besides, using plastic would save a bit of space and it would look small, but it might have its cost implications.
User Interface suggested that the remote control should be accessible and usable by all age groups and it should be user-friendly to everyone. However, Project Manager pointed out that there was no need to worry about different languages and things like that and the age gap would be a problem regardless of any design modifications. Then the group discussed the price of remote control. The selling price was set at 25 Euros and production cost was estimated at 12.5 Euros. The profit aim was 50 million Euros in the first year.
Project Manager presumed that the market range was international as it was going to be in the international market like Australia, America, things like that. However, Project Manager did not think it was a case of worrying about different languages or making that a key point as they were not focusing on business market, any particular thing. It was about user-friendly to everyone.
This was the second meeting of the group. Project Manager went over the last meeting and gave the agenda for the meeting. Industrial Designer, User Interface, and Marketing each gave a presentation on the working design of the remote control. Then, Marketing presented on the market research findings and market requirements of the product. The group discussed the functions of the new remote control, such as reducing the size of the control and an electronic panel for further features like programming, and the rechargeable batteries. After that, Industrial Designer and User Interface presented the working prototype of the working remote control based on market research results. The remote control would be a flip-open design with the main functions on the top and the complex functions in the middle. It would have a wireless range of up to five metres and would be available to a wide audience.
Industrial Designer thought that most remote controls used some form of infrared to send signals to the TV presumably because of the cost issue of something like the same thing that computers use, wireless and, you don't need to send very much information. Project Manager was concerned about the power consumption and how much they needed to send. The group decided to use rechargeable batteries and Industrial Designer came up with a concept of a rechargeable something on the remote.
Industrial Designer thought that triple A batteries were the smallest they could get, but he was concerned about the power consumption and how much they needed to send the data across. He was also not sure whether they wanted to look at the size issue because most of the remote controls were powered by double A batteries but those can be quite bulky so Industrial Designer didn't know if they should shrink down the size of the control.
According to the market research, seventy-five percent of users found most remote controls ugly and eighty percent would spend more money when a remote control would look fancy. Thirty-five and under age group would like a liquid crystal display and speech recognition to aid when they've lost the actual remote control. The older generations were actually larger and had a greater population than us young people, so they were not so bothered with this feature. Also, thirty-five to forty-five age groups would like the lost control to give off a bleep every now and again to let them know where it is.
When discussing market research and adjustments due to new project requirements, Industrial Designer thought that it would be a good idea to incorporate an alarm in the remote control to prevent users from getting lost. However, the project manager pointed out that it might not be feasible to implement such an alarm because of the budget limit, so Industrial Designer decided to leave it for the time being.
Industrial Designer thought that people in Japan wouldn't buy the X-Box because the controller was too big because they're generally Japanese people have smaller hands so they couldn't get round the controller which is why they can have bigger buttons for some countries and smaller ones for others.
The market research found that most people only used about ten percent of the buttons, so it was not worth punching in those things on the top of the remote control and trying to confuse the user. Also, most people found that repetitive strain injury was caused by repetitive small movements, so the buttons should be easy to find and not too hard after continuous use. The remote control should be simple and user-friendly so that it would not be daunting to the older generations.
The general discussion of the meeting was about the progress of the team's efforts to train a new front-end for the Aurora project. The team was making good progress, with the PLP improving and the MFCC getting better. The experiment with the vocal tract length normalization was going well, and the team was getting better signals in the data. There was some discussion about how the team could improve the error rate of the model. The professor suggested that the team should increase the error-rate of their model, which would allow for more accurate results. They also discussed how they could train their models for background noise.
DARPA was decided to be the recipient of a $ 100,000 grant. The grant was to be awarded in the form of a research grant. DARPA would be the first of several DARPA-related awards that the team would receive over the next few months.
Transcribers have transcribed sixty-two hours of meetings so far. The average number of speakers per meeting is six, and the total amount of transcripts has been transcribed so far is 602 hours. The team is working to complete set one, which is the set that has been completed and is in the process of being edited.
Transcribers have transcribed sixty-two hours of meetings so far. They are in the process of editing set one, which was the set that was completed up to this point. The remaining set is at ICSI and will be sent to DARPA for approval before July.
One issue that came up in discussion with Liz and Don was that they would really like to move to doing the recognition on automatic segmentations. Because in all their previous experiments, they were essentially cheating by having the hand-segmentations as the basis of the recognition. And so now with Thilo's segmenter working so well, they should consider doing a PhD in automatic segmentation.
The segmenter is doing well. The experiment is still not complete, but it looks like the vocal tract length normalization is working beautifully using the warp factors that we computed for the SRI system and just applying them to the ICSI front-end. The team is getting better signals in the data, which is nice. The turning-around time on the training data has been reduced to less than 24 hours.
One issue that came up in discussion with Liz and Don was that they would really like to move to doing the recognition on automatic segmentations. Because in all their previous experiments, they were essentially cheating by having the hand-segmentations as the basis of the recognition. And so now with Thilo's segmenter working so well, they should consider doing a PhD in automatic segmentation.
The meeting began with a brief introduction to the current state of the project. The team was making progress on the model, but was still not satisfied with the model's performance. The professor wanted to know how the team could improve the model further. The meeting ended with a discussion about how the model could be further improved by adding more noise to the model and reducing the number of Gaussians in the model.
The team thought that improving the net was the most obvious way to go about it at the moment. The net was getting better on the well-matched and the mismatched conditions, but it got worse on the highly mismatched ones. The professor thought that the team was not paying attention to the neural net features enough and that they should focus on improving the feature set. The team also wanted to add the Macrophone data to the training of the neural network.
The professor thought that it was good that the neural net was getting better on the well-matched and mismatched conditions, but it got worse on the highly mismatched ones. He thought that the team should focus on improving the net. He was surprised that the net was not getting better when there was more mismatch. He wanted to know if the team was doing something wrong with the model.
The most noisy cases were the distant microphone for testing. The team thought that the noise subtraction was subtracting off speech. The signal-to-noise ratio was still pretty bad for a hundred hertz up, even after high-pass filtering. The model performed better without the neural network, but it was better when they added the neural networks.
PhD C informed the team that the VAD had a sixty percent error rate reduction after noise compensation, which was better than anyone else's model. The team was surprised that the model was getting better recognition, but the latency was still too large. The professor thought that the team should learn how to do this better and improve the model.
The professor was confused as to why the VAD latency was two hundred and twenty milliseconds before the delta computation. The professor thought that was too high. The VAD was used for on-line normalization and it was used before delta computation, so it was not adding up to four hundred milliseconds or something.
PhD C explained that the latency of the VAD was two hundred and twenty milliseconds. The delta at the input was one hundred milliseconds for smoothing. Then, there was the filtering of the silence probabilities, which added a hundred milliseconds to the delay. After that, the neural network added forty milliseconds. Finally, the delta was forty for the cleaning of the speech.
This is the second meeting of the conceptual design of the iPod-style remote control project. Project Manager firstly reviewed what they did in the last meeting. Then, Industrial Designer and User Interface gave presentations on the components design. Industrial Designer suggested that they need some custom design parts, and other parts would just use standard, while User Interface assumed they would be custom designing their case, probably a hard plastic or some other material case to protect the remote and the locator. After that, Marketing gave a presentation on the current trends in electronics. The market research showed that the fruit and vegetable theme was the current trend and therefore they should go for that if they wanted to go for fashion. Then they discussed whether to print the fruit stuff or should the actual remote look like a fruit. Finally, they discussed the material.
Marketing mentioned that the fashion trend in electronics was fancy look and feel and easy to use. The group agreed that the spongy material should be limited to a certain extent. They could use rubber, plastic, wood or titanium, but User Interface recommended against titanium because it could only be used in the flat cases and it was really heavy. The rubber case requires rubber buttons, so if they definitely want plastic buttons, they shouldn't have a rubber case. Then the group discussed whether to print the fruit stuff or should the actual remote look like a fruit.
The Industrial Designer informed the team that they would be customizing the case, probably a hard plastic or some other material case to protect the remote and the locator, and they would need to custom design a circuit board, because the circuit board had to take the button input and send it to the output so they had to design that each time. But once they come up with a design, they would send the circuit people and they'll just print it out. The standard parts included the buttons and the wheels, the iPod-style wheel. The infrared LEDD was actually gonna be included in the circuit boards that came with it. The team also needed a beeper or buzzer or other sort of noise thing for locating the remote. They could use rubber, plastic, wood or titanium.
User Interface thought it would be silly to have a screen if people hardly used it, and Industrial Designer agreed that people needed a screen with music because people were looking for a specific song or whatever. With TV channels it was one two three. Project Manager agreed that it would make sense if the screen was just there and people were not using it, but the cost of an advanced chip would make it more expensive according to the design people. So User Interface thought they should switch to D-V-D.
Industrial Designer thought that solar power was not available with the rubber case, and the idea of using a dynamo seemed a little weird for a living room. However, the dynamo was cool because the moment you moved it, it created energy on its own, so users didn't need to buy a battery. The project manager thought batteries sounded good, but they needed to find cost. The group had an option of batteries, solar power, and dynamo, which was something to do with torches. The other one was a kinetic thing where you'd basically have to wind it yourself, but Industrial Designer didn't have enough data.
The Industrial Designer thought that they could have talked about doing a wind-up or a dynamo or a solar power, but the solar power was not available with the rubber case and the idea of using batteries seemed a little weird for a living room anyways. The dynamo would be interesting because the moment you moved it, it created energy on its own and it was quite cool. Besides, it was not necessary to buy a battery because they were quite annoying and they needed to find cost.
The cost of the Kryptonite was unknown because the Industrial Designer did not have enough data to give an exact cost. The cost was relative, some chips were more expensive than others. The chip was probably the most expensive part. However, the cost was not that much of a problem because most of the stuff was pretty cheap though bought in bulk.
This was the conceptual design meeting of the new remote control project. Project Manager started the meeting with a review of the last meeting and then Industrial Designer, User Interface and Marketing each gave a presentation on the market trends and the design of the remote control. After that, Project Manager led the discussion on the battery, the material of the case and the shape of the cover. Then, the group discussed the battery option and decided to use kinetic charging and rubberised buttons. The group then talked about the material and shape of rubberized cover and G-U-I-interface. Finally, they discussed voice recognition and battery options and made a decision on the shape and size of rubberised cover.
The team decided on a rubber casing for the flip-top, a flip design and a different shape from what's normal. They would use rubber as a padding or for the grip to add to the design. Besides, they would incorporate the image of the company into the remote control somehow. They were going to use a combination of plastic and rubber for the inside and rubber as the inside case for the outside. The team also decided to have a G-U-I-I interface in the middle of the flip top.
The team decided on a rubber casing for the plastic shell, a flip design and a different shape from what's normal. They were going to use fruit and vegetable colours for the rubber cover and rubber as a padding or for the grip to add to the design. The team also agreed on the battery, kinetic charging, the watch-type batteries, LCD display on the top side of the flip top, rubberised buttons on the bottom side, and the case itself is plastic.
Marketing firstly gave a presentation about the market trends and then Industrial Designer, User Interface and Project Manager gave presentations on the design of the remote control device based on the market research and market trends respectively. Then, Marketing and User Interface gave opinions on the most important aspect of remote control, fancy look and feel, technologically innovative and easy to use. They also gave suggestions on the material of the case and the shape of the rubber cover. After that, Project Manager and Industrial Designer discussed the battery, the case material and the function of voice recognition. Finally, they agreed to incorporate the company logo into the design.
The TAC-A double one eight three five chip is what's used in pretty much every remote control because it sends out standard signals, based on your input and it's pretty much used for all all TV remotes at the moment. There's no rechargeable option available, so the standard double A- and triple A- which they thought were a bit too bulky at the present time, dynamo charging, which was a bit silly to be honest.
Industrial Manager suggested to conserve battery life when discussing the design and availability of actual components. Solar charging was not suitable because it was not very resistant to dropping and people would drop it a lot. Also, it would be inconvenient for users to change the light on in the room when they got the TV.
The team decided to use rubber as the main case material, with plastic as the inside and rubber as a padding or for the grip to add to the design. They would use fruit and vegetable colours for the rubber cover. The team also decided to incorporate the company logo in the design, which would be different from everything else and make it obvious that it was their product.
Industrial Designer firstly informed the group about the design of the actual components and the availability of the components they had in stock at the moment. The group then discussed the battery options and decided on the standard double A and triple A batteries, which they thought were a bit too bulky and expensive, and the dynamo charging, which Industrial Designer thought might be silly to be honest. Then the group discussed the rubber casing for the plastic shell, a variety of designs, and rubber as a padding or for the grip to add to the design. Finally, the group decided on a G-U-I-I interface in the middle of the flip-top.
Marketing suggested that people could use their fingers to press the button or a small pointer thing when people want to. However, Industrial Designer thought they could get a bit easily lost for somebody who very often or did use a particular function, so it would have to be attached. Project Manager thought it was a good idea, but Industrial Designer was not sure how it would fit in. And User Interface thought it might spoil the touch-pad very fast compared to a button if people kept punching with an pointer or whatever.
Marketing mentioned that there were mirrors in nightclubs that responded to the turn of the user's body and gave an advertising display when the user turned away from the mirror. The team thought that it would be a good idea to put a mirror on the remote control, but they were not sure how it would fit in with the other features they were looking for. So they decided to leave that one on the side.
The main idea of the remote control was just to press buttons and it should activate things on the TV and they discussed last meeting that it should be easy to find. Also in this study, Industrial Designer looked into the availability of some of the materials, because some things that they looked at last time weren't available. There's actually no rechargeable option available, so they saw the standard double A and triple A which were a bit too bulky at the moment, and dynamo charging, which they thought was silly to be honest.
According to the User Interface, there were too many cluttered buttons and repetitive buttons on the remote control, so the new remote should be different from other remotes in that it should not be cluttered at all. Also, it should have a G-U-I-I interface in the middle of the flip-top and a different shape from what's normal. In addition, the rubberised cover should be replaced with rubber and the rubberized buttons could be made of rubber.
Project Manager thought the only pitfall would be how much it was going to cost if that meant they had to cut down somewhere else, but he thought pretty much they had used cheap relatively cheap and simple things. Then Industrial Designer suggested that they could check into the financial feasibility of incorporating the speech recognition feature. Project Manager agreed and said they would find out more about cost afterwards.
This was the first meeting of the new remote control project. Project Manager started the meeting with a brief introduction of the project and the team got acquainted with each other and the tools they were going to use during the meetings. Then, Industrial Designer, User Interface and Project Manager each gave a presentation about their roles in the project. Industrial Designer introduced the three different design stages, the functional design, the conceptual design and the detailed design, and the way of communicating with these equipments. The group then discussed the inter-operability of the remote control and the range limitation of infrared. Finally, Project Manager asked the team to discuss more ideas about how the remote should look and how it should function and all those kind of things.
User Interface suggested that the remote control should be a universal remote control for customers to buy just new in a store. Industrial Designer thought it should work on different devices, such as cell phones, video and audio equipment, and there should be some interoperability between them. Project Manager thought infrared might be an issue because lots of devices already use infrared. Users could only light the buttons that were applicable at that moment and only use infrared for range.
User Interface thought that the remote control should only change the state of the TV, which was the basic technical function. There should be no other controls, such as Bluetooth or touch-screen. Users should only feel the buttons for volume or whatever and only light the buttons that are applicable at that moment.
Industrial Designer thought a modern remote control should control a diverse subset of equipment, for instance, D-V-D players, cell phones, video and audio equipment. There should be some interoperability between them. In addition, infrared is not really hot technical stuff anymore, so infrared should be replaced with Bluetooth.
Industrial Designer suggested that there should be some interoperability between the remote control and TV, which could come in handy. User Interface suggested that infrared was not really hot technical stuff anymore, so infrared should be restricted to that. Project Manager agreed, but Industrial Designer pointed out that range limitation would be a problem if remote control was not able to point at the device. The group agreed that infrared should not be used all the time, twenty-four hours a day. However, User Interface proposed that they could equip infrared and Bluetooth together in one remote.
Industrial Designer suggested that there should be some interoperability between remote control and TV because it could come in handy. In addition, infrared might be an issue because lots of devices already use infrared. However, Industrial Designer thought infrared was not really hot technical stuff anymore and infrared was more cost-effective. Users could equip infrared and Bluetooth together in one remote.
User Interface thought Bluetooth was used a lot and it would be inconvenient to use all the time, twenty-four hours a day. All the TVs were equipped with infrared and it was cost-effective. Users could only light the buttons that were applicable at that moment. User Interface also pointed out that infrared was not hot technical stuff anymore and Bluetooth was not. So User Interface did not think it would work well.