This was the Children, Young People and Education Committee. It was the eleventh evidence session on the Children (Abolition of Defence of Reasonable Punishment) (Wales) Bill. Barry Hughes, Chief Crown Prosecutor for Wales, Kwame Biney, who was senior policy advisor, CPS, and Iwan Jenkins, who is head of the complex casework unit, Crown Prosecution Service Cymru Wales, gave evidence on the current situation of the Bill and its potential impact on the public interest. The main focus of the meeting was on the divergence of criminal law between English and Welsh law, which provided for offences
Barry Hughes first explained that there were a range of offences created by the criminal law, going back to the Offences Against the Person Act 1861 in the middle of the century before last, which provide for offences of assault against a variety of people, including, in particular, Acts such as the Children and Young Persons Act 1933, which provides for offences that are specific to children. In respect of children in particular they had section 58 of the Children Act 2004, which did make it a defence for a person accused of assaulting a child to argue that it was a case where they were acting only so as to impose reasonable punishment
The criminal law provided a general framework within which to operate, which most people tend to understand. There were over 10,000 criminal offences, going back to the Offences Against the Person Act 1861 in the middle of the century before last, which provide for offences of assault against a variety of people, including, in particular, Acts such as the Children and Young Persons Act 1933, which provides for offences that are specific to children. There are also offences around the picking of cockles in west Wales, which is not an offence.
The first stage was whether there was sufficient evidence to provide a realistic prospect of conviction, and the second stage was to consider the public interest. If there wasn't enough evidence, the police didn't go on to consider whether it was in the court's interest, because they wouldn't put an offence before the courts if they didn't think there was a realistic possibility of conviction. At the other end of the spectrum, they decided it was an offence that they thought was so serious that it should be charged and brought before a criminal court.
Barry Hughes first gave two examples of the divergence between the law in England and Wales. In England, the limit for having micrograms of alcohol in your breath was 35 µg in 100 ml of breath. Across the border in Scotland, it dropped to 22 µg. In terms of the practical application of the legislation in Wales, Barry Hughes argued that the number of offences was likely to be very small and they would probably have two or three specialists trained in this so that any case that came through went to people who had got a close network and could talk with each other. Then Barry Hughes mentioned that there were other offences in Wales that didn't exist in England, but they didn't crop up very often.
Barry Hughes gave two examples. One of the implications was that the removal of the defence would mean that there would be more cases that would pass the evidential stage in Wales than there would in England, because the defense would still apply there. The other was that it would raise issues in particular in terms of awareness of criminal offending for people from England who travel to Wales, because it's fairly evident that there was a defence available in England that was not available in Wales. In terms of how they would approach it within the Crown Prosecution Service in Cymru-Wales, his approach would be along the lines of
Barry Hughes thought that the draft changes to CPS guidance on the public interest test would not necessarily be helpful because it would run a risk of putting the cart before the horse, and he thought they would need to work that up as they went along, and I think they were sufficiently flexible to take account of that. What they would envisage was that they would simply want to take the present public interest factors, which were set out, in his view, very clearly in the code for Crown prosecutors, and they would provide a degree of detail around those that related more specifically to the issues that they were discussing here.
According to Barry Hughes, this was primarily a matter for the police, because there were a great many offences or reports of crime that did not reach the CPS because they were dealt with by way of an out-of-court disposal. The numbers would be very small, which means they would be able to keep a clear track on those and, obviously, they would wish to keep the situation under review, and they would reach a period of time after whatever—12, 18 months, maybe 24 months—where they would look back to see how they were doing.
Barry Hughes said that they had been working with the National Police Chiefs' Council. Their lead was deputy chief constable Sara Glen, who was responsible for developing the police approach to out-of-court disposals. Offences that the police referred to the police for a charging decision would generally be offences where they felt that there should be a prosecution rather than an out of court disposal. There would also be cases where it was genuinely very difficult to assess what's the best approach, in which case they would have a conversation with them, a meaningful conversation, about what was the best way to approach that particular case.
Barry Hughes thought that, within Wales, the police and crime commissioners could build an infrastructure that provides for a range of out-of-court disposals. They would use some of their commissioning powers to work something up. It would need to be developed in consultation with interested parties and stakeholders. They weren't responsible for administering or indeed monitoring compliance with that disposal, if, for example, it had conditions attached, such as repayment of the damage caused to a window or a front gate. That would be unmanageable if they were dealing with hundreds and hundreds of cases.
Sian Gwenllian thought that under the new law, or the proposed law, would one unintended consequence be that, if someone living in Wales who can't use the reasonable punishment defense—would their life prospects be different compared to those people in England, who will be able to use that defense? Barry Hughes thought they had had a pretty helpful canter through most of the circumstances here that might happen. It may be—the sort of circumstance I can see happening here is somebody who takes a principled stand and declines any form of out-of-court disposal and says, 'Prosecute me'. We probably would end
In the CPS, we don't have targets for securing convictions or not. We prosecute if we think that there's a reasonable prospect, a realistic prospect, of conviction and it's in the public interest. And I would also say, because the numbers here are likely to be so small, any assertion of looking to meet targets—it's a tiny, tiny fragment of a drop in the ocean.
According to Karen Cornish, there was a shortage of registered intermediaries in Wales, and the Ministry of Justice had taken action to deal with that, and they had had a number of people who were now in a position to act as intermediaries. Now, of course, if they were to decide not to do that anymore, they may have a problem, but, in turn, they would be looking to recruit more people into those positions.
This meeting was mainly about the design of the remote control. Firstly, the team evaluated the prototype of the product. The team thought the product was good, but it was not good enough for this kind of market. The product was spongy, not fancy, not advanced enough, and not easy to use. It was hard to learn the voice recognition function, so it was hard for the novice users. Also, the product had too little information about the prices of the costs. In the end, the group agreed that they should redesign the product to make it more user-friendly. Then, they talked about the
Marketing first gave the most important criteria of remote control. The most important function was easy to use, followed by the zapping, channel switching, volume, voice recognition, and advanced functions were probably a bit harder. Then, the team evaluated the appearance and feel of the remote control and gave it a two out of three. The team agreed that the product was spongy, fancy, advanced, and easy-to-use for both types of users. The group also gave a two to the product for the simplicity of the design.
Marketing thought the most important function was easy to use, such as zapping, channel switching, volume, and volume, but the more advanced functions were probably a bit harder. Industrial Designer thought the basic part of the remote control could be used by both novice users and advanced users. User Interface thought the voice recognition function was hard to learn and not for the elderly. Project Manager was not sure.
The group thought the remote control was competitive in the discussion of the evaluation criteria. They thought it was a good product with a high quality and advanced features, but not for this kind of market. It was easy to use because it didn't offer voice recognition and it was easier to use for novice users because it did not have a lot of buttons. The group also agreed that it was spongy.
The group agreed that the production cost of the remote control should be 25 Euros and the selling price should be 50 Euros. However, they could not agree on the exact number of items and the sum of the product because the cost of solar cells was not that important. The group decided to leave out the solar cells and not use the voice recognition feature.
The group thought that they could reduce the production cost of the remote control by leaving out the solar cells and not using the voice recognition feature. However, they were not aware of the prices of the costs.
Industrial Designer proposed that the selling price of the remote control should be 25 Euros, which was not very expensive for a remote control that had this functionality.
This was the functional design meeting. It was mainly about user needs, technical effects, and the working design of the remote control. Firstly, Project Manager introduced some new project requirements that came in. The remote should be used only for television, no extra internet fancy things, just the remote and the television. Then, User Interface gave a presentation about the technical functions design and incorporated ideas from the last meeting. User Interface made a list of the buttons that they needed and how to make that the best function for the user. The most important buttons were those to do with channel selection, teletext, volume, and power. The other ones were the settings, and they were used less than you know zero point eight to zero point five times per hour since the TV already had power
User Interface thought it was important to design the remote control in a user-friendly and fashionable way. The group agreed to keep buttons together that were used in the same way, keeping the number of buttons to a minimum, and also reducing the size of the buttons. They also agreed to have a location function where users could press a button on the TV and it would send out a signal to the remote where it would beep or flash or vibrate or whatever to tell where the remote was.
Industrial Designer thought that the finder button was easy to implement and that it would send out a signal to the TV and it would beep or flash or vibrate or whatever to tell the user where the remote was. User Interface thought that it was hard to implement because speech recognition was really hard to programme and also, if the TV was on it's making sound and the people on the TV were talking, then the TV's gonna switch itself to channel one. Project Manager thought it seemed like a silly idea and Industrial Designer was not sure how they would implement it.
Marketing suggested that the buzzer could be placed on the TV itself and the TV would send out a signal and the remote would receive the signal and so it beeps. However, the group members were not sure how they would implement it because speech recognition was really hard to programme and the budget might be a little pricey.
The team discussed whether they wanted to have VCR/VHR/DVD capability buttons on the remote control, and whether they needed a whole different set of buttons for everybody's VCRs. In the end, they decided to have one menu button for all the settings, and then scroll through the options on the TV.
The meeting began with a brief introduction of the team members and their current projects. The team discussed the current state of their work, the state of the Aurora project, and the plans for where they go between now and the end of the summer. The meeting ended with an update on the progress of their current work and a brief discussion of the future directions of the project. They discussed the various approaches they were using to improve the performance of their models, including spectral subtraction, LDA, and on-line normalization. They also discussed how they could further improve their models by adding more information to the model. The
The team was concerned that the microphone they were using was not working as well as they expected it to. The team thought that the lapel was a good choice because it was in the middle of the team, but the microphone was too far away to get rid of all the interference. The professor suggested that they could try using a wireless headset instead of a lapel. The group agreed that it was a better choice.
PhD F informed the team that they had ordered twelve new machines to use as a compute farm. They were running P-make and Customs here and Andreas had got a number of little utilities that made it very easy to run things using P- make and Customs.
The professor told the team about the workshop that it was a kick-off meeting for the upcoming summer session of the workshop. It was about finding ways to combine one form or another of noise removal with the other things in the model. The professor also informed the team that the team would be working on speech recognition using acoustic events. He also gave a brief overview of the current state of the work. The team was working on a number of tasks, including speech enhancement, spectral subtraction, and on-line normalization.
The team was trying to figure out how spectral subtraction could improve the performance of their model. The professor explained that they were combining something from the French Telecom system with the FFT bins. They were doing an inverse filtering, first of the colo colored noise and then make the noise white. The team thought that this was a good way to get rid of the effects of noise.
The team learned that there was a person working in the cepstral domain who was doing research in Grenada. The person was Jose Carlos Segura. He was a friend of the team's friend. The team had met him at ICASSP.
The professor thought that the signal subspace approach had actually an in-built Wiener filter in it. He thought that combining two things was unlikely to work as well by itself, but it might help in combination.
The team discussed recording, transcription, and sta status on microphones and channels. The team also discussed how to get people to bleep out sections of the meeting that they didn't want to be bleeped out and how to channelize the data into a multichannel format.
The team had two new microphones, two wired and two wireless, and two wired that were not working. The team was working on replacing the wired mikes with wireless ones. The new microphones were in the process of being assembled and the team was conscious about the batteries. They were also working on changing the headsets meaning changing the connector, which meant some hand- soldering or something. They had a wireless setup which was expensive, but it did seem to be better than the wired one.
The team agreed that the recording conventions should include a systematic handling of numbers, acronyms, and abbreviations. They also agreed to include type token frequency listings, which are used to indicate the frequency of each word in the recording.
Transcribers have transcribed about thirty-two hours of data. The team is working on bleep editing. The next step is to ensure that the data are clean first, and then channelized.
Transcribers will generate web pages with the transcription in it so that participants can click on them and scroll through and read them, and then they can check on each one if they want it excluded. Each participant will have a password, user name and password.
This was the second meeting of the belief-net workshop. The team discussed the basic design of what influences what done before they decide exactly how to compute it. The goal of the workshop was to decide what kinds of belief nodes are needed in order to do what they need to do and how to make it feasible. The group also discussed how to organize the data. The professor suggested that the data should be stored in a vector of five hundred one, two, three, four, and five hundred zero-zero values. Then, the team talked about how they could make the data more consistent. They decided that they should
The team thought that the user's budget may influence the outcome of decisions. The user would only enter a place if they are not too tired to do so and also have the money to do it if it costs something. The situation would depend on whether it was an expensive place to enter or not. The budget would also affect the likelihood of entering a place.
The group members thought that the user budget may influence the outcome of decisions. They wanted to keep a running total of things so that they could keep an idea of how much money they had left to spend. They also wanted to know if the user was cheap, average, or spendy.
Grad E thought that the Go-there decision should be based on whether the user wants to go there or not. The professor disagreed and suggested that the decision should come from something about the user from the situation and the discourse from the user. The team thought that they could have a discourse node as a placeholder for the endpoint.
Grad E said that the decision was whether the user wanted to go there or not. The Go-there decision would come from something about the user from the situation and the discourse was a mystery.
The probability distribution for each X-hat is defined as the sum of the W's sum to one. The probability of being E is one over four, and the probability of A being A is two over four. The model takes the average of all the inputs into account and outputs a weighted average of the probabilities of each of them.
Grad D suggested that the team could view each expert as making a decision based on some factors and combine their decisions to create a weighted combination.
This was the functional design meeting of the remote control. First, the User Interface Designer presented the technical function design for user interface for our remote TV control. Then, the Industrial Designer gave a presentation on user interface design. After that, the Project Manager introduced the new product requirements, the decision on remote control functions, and closed the meeting.
The team agreed that the colour of the remote control should be yellow and that the image of the society had to be recognised in the product, such as the colour and slogan. The team also agreed that it should be attractive and not too many buttons. In addition, the team decided that they should have a box in the TV, so with the set box, they could connect internet with the TV and surf the web.
The user interface designer and the industrial designer agreed that the remote control should be made fancy, fashion, powerful and easy to use. They thought that the colour of the product should be yellow and the image of the society had to be recognised in the product, such as the colour and slogan. They also agreed that it should be a fashion remote control.
The group discussed how to connect the TV to the Internet. They decided to use a box in the TV so that the TV would be able to connect to the internet. However, they did not want to make it part of the remote control design because it was not so popular now. They thought that it would be better to use internet instead of teletext.
Industrial Designer proposed a nifra infrared base because it was cheaper and it was less technology than laser. Project Manager thought it was better to have a wireless remote control because it would be easier to manage and users would not have to learn the manual before using this remote control.
The project manager thought it would be easier to have a link between the remote control and the television if it was wireless. The industrial designer thought the wireless problem was more David Jordan's problem. The user would not be ready to have one.
The user interface designer suggested that they could mix several functions in one button. For example, if there's a button to switch between control TV and control recorder, then the user can switch to another category of functions. In this way, they could have less buttons but still have the same functionality and powerful remote control.
The team agreed that the colour of the remote control should be yellow. They also agreed that it had to be a fashion and really be the image of the society. However, they were not so sure about how to make the product look fancy, because different people had a different opinion about fancy.
The user interface designer and the industrial designer agreed that the product should be fashionable and the image of the society had to be recognised. However, they were not so sure about how to make the remote control look funny, not funny. The industrial designer thought that it should be a fashion and really be a reaction remote control.
The project manager believed that the product should be attractive and the image of the society should be recognisable in the product, such as the colour and slogan. Also, the remote control should not be too many buttons because seventy five percent of users would spend more money if it was not so fancy.
This was the 20th meeting of the Special Committee on the COVID-19 Pandemic. The meeting began with petitions from members of the opposition parties. Then, the meeting moved on to questions from the members. The first question was from Mr. Alain Rayes (RichmondArthabaska, CPC), who pointed out that Canada was struggling to secure a reliable source of PPE. The government was giving about $115million to Quebec, but that was not even 4% of what was being requested. The second question was about the ongoing threat to the southern resident killer whales. The petitioners were calling for more
Hon. Patty Hajdu (Minister of Employment, Workforce Development and Disability Inclusion) introduced that the government had already increased the budget of the Office of the Auditor General in the 2018-19 period. With this increase, the office was able to add the equivalent of 38new full-time staff to its team. The government would also increase the flexibility of the Canada emergency response benefit from four-week intervals to two weeks, and would also expand the scope of the wage subsidy so that more businesses would have access to it.
The Prime Minister and Government were accused of engaging in revisionist history. The Prime Minister misled the House in his response to a question. The government had drastically expanded its spending and was avoiding accountability in every way it could, while the economic recovery must be prepared. It was critically important that all countries in the world work together in a transparent, open and respectful manner so that we understood what was going on and how we could bring it to an end as quickly as possible.
The members discussed the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on various groups, including the travel, hospitality and tourism industry, the farmers and produce growers who were feeding their families, and local businesses who were staying connected with their staff. The members also discussed the need for the government to provide adequate funding for the Canada emergency response benefit and to expand the wage subsidy for more businesses and to create flexibility for the CERB.
Hon. Steven Guilbeault introduced that the government was fully committed to supporting the important and ongoing work of the Auditor General, an independent officer of Parliament. With this increase, the office was able to add the equivalent of 38 full-time staff to its team. The Auditor General's office had requested more funds to be able to do the job that Canadians expected to be done.
Jagmeet Singh asked the Prime Minister to extend the CERB for families in need. Right Hon. Justin Trudeau responded that discussions were ongoing on that, but he could assure Canadians that the government would continue to be there for them and support them the way they needed to be supported.
According to the GBA+ analysis, Canada had more than 5,000 deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in the first half of this year, which was the highest it had been in almost four decades. The government had not been able to provide adequate funding for the emergency response fund, and had not provided adequate funding to the wage subsidy for more businesses.
This meeting was about the project of creating a new remote control. First, Project Manager introduced the project and the team members got acquainted with each other and their specific roles. Then, the team discussed the product price and the selling price of the product. The team agreed that the product cost would be 25 Euros and the product would be priced at 12.5 Euros and 50 Euros. The selling price would be twenty-five Euros and it would be an international product. After that, the group talked about the functions of the remote control and the design of technical fun functions and think of the user requirement specifications. Finally, the
The team agreed that the remote control should be original, trendy and user-friendly. It should be not too expensive and easy to use. The team also agreed that it should be an international product.
Project Manager proposed that the product should be international because everybody would have to use it and people would be interested in buying a new remote control with new functionalities that didn't exist in the existing remote controls now. Also, the product cost should be under 12 Euros and 50 Euros.
The selling price of the product would be 25 Euros and the product cost would be not more than 12.5 Euros.
The team members each had a specific role in the project. The User Interface Designer was responsible for designing the user interface, the Industrial Designer for the function design, and the Marketing Expert for the technical fun functions of the remote control and think of the user requirement specifications. The Project Manager was in charge of managing all the group.
The industrial designer believed that the user the user interface design would design how the user would know the relation between the user and the remote control so that users could use it. The industrial design was responsible for designing how the object would look like.
The industrial designer was responsible for designing the object and the user interface design was for designing how the user would know the relation between the user and the remote control.
The meeting began with a brief introduction of the current state of the project and a brief discussion about the various features of the model. The team discussed how they could further refine the model by adding more features to it. They also discussed how the model could be segmented into different regions and connected to the more plan-based deep space. The meeting ended with a discussion about how to improve the model and how to further refine it.
Grad B explained that the initial idea was basically all the features pointing to the output node. However, Grad B wanted to add a middle layer. The middle layer would have features along the lines of where they want to go and what they've said previously and what means that they should use.
The team thought that the first idea they came up with was basically all the features pointing to the output node. They needed to refine some of the more general nodes and connect them to the more plan-based deep space. They also wanted to figure out whether someone was a tourist or whether they were running an errand.
The team discussed how the model could help them figure out the intention of the user. The first thing they got was that the model was trying to figure out what the user intended to do by parsing the data. The intention would tell them what kind of going there was happening. The model would also tell them if the user wanted to go to the castle or not.
The middle layer would have features along the lines of where the person wanted to go and what they had said previously and what the means that they should use. It would also have a hidden layer for syntactic information, the verbs used, the object types used, modifiers, and context.
SmartKom was the first Bayes-net module to be built into JavaBayes. It looked up some stuff that was in the operating system and then passed it on to the discourse history module, which was one of the most elaborate modules in the entire system. It could help in anaphora resolution and it filled in all the structures that were omitted. It also helped in coordinating the gesture screen issues.
Hiring was discussed, and the team was asked to send out an email about their current position. The team was told that the position was open and that they would be starting in the fall. There was no specific time frame for the hiring, but the team would be looking for someone to fill the position within the next few weeks.
This was the kick off meeting for the new remote control project. The team got acquainted with each other by drawing their favourite animals on the whiteboard. Then, Project Manager introduced the target price of the remote control, the selling price goal of 25 Euros and the profit aim of 50 million Euros, and they would hope to sell this internationally. They discussed the working design, functional design, conceptual design, detailed design and detailed design of the product. They also discussed the user requirements. User Interface proposed that the remote should be easy to find and should have a call button on the television to be able to find the remote.
User Interface drew a dolphin because it had a tail and a fin on top. Project Manager thought dolphins were smart and they were cute and they liked swimming and that was cool. User Interface also drew a cat because they slept all day and were easy to draw. The group agreed that dolphins were pretty and they went well with the environment. They were graceful and looked intelligent.
User Interface suggested that the remote control should have a call button on the television to be able to find where the TV was. Project Manager agreed with User Interface and suggested that it could be a little light or even a vibrating thing because it was usually under the sofa.
The team agreed that the remote control should be not too big to not lose. They also agreed that it should not have too many buttons because they hate that when they have too much buttons and Project Manager thought it should be hand-sized. The team also agreed to design couches that have the remote controls in the side arm instead of in the couch because they were not lazy.
Project Manager thought that if the telly screen was already a screen, then they could have a programming function, really easy sort of arrow up and down, on the remote. However, the cost of the programming function would be too expensive, so they would have to decide whether to have the screen on the thing or transmit the screen.
Project Manager thought that a clip on the remote control would be a simple thing to have so that users could easily clip it to their hand and not make their hands sweat a lot.
The selling price goal was 25 Euros and the profit aim was 50 million Euros. The group agreed that they would hope to sell this internationally.
The team discussed the performance of their models on different languages. The model performed better on languages with different linguistic features, but the model performed worse on languages without linguistic features. The team also discussed how they could further improve their model. The professor wanted to know how the model would perform on languages that did not have the same task, like TIMIT and TIMIT-digits. The results were not as promising as they thought they would be, but they were still very promising.
The team thought that they had not done enough training on one language and tested on another. They had done a bunch of things where they just trained on the same language but from the broad data. The results were not too bad, but they were seeing a slight increase in error rates. The professor thought they should try testing on the other languages.
PhD D explained that the model was trained on task-specific features without the derivatives, but with increased frame numbers. The model performed better on the broad data, but not as well on the multilingual broad data.
The professor thought it was interesting that the model performed worse when the model was trained on a different task but not on English. He thought that it was not so much that they got hurt because they didn't have so much representation of English, but rather that they had something that was just much more diverse.
The team was concerned that the model was performing worse on the TI-digits test. The professor explained that the error rate was around one point one for the same language but a different task, and something like one point three for three languages. The team thought that they could reduce the number of parameters in the model but not the size of the neural net. They also wanted to know how much more parameters they could afford to have in order to represent the variab increased variability in the training set.
The team thought that they had a little tiny IBM machine that might someday grow up to be a big IBM machine. They had two processors and a moderate amount of memory. They hoped that they would get more processors and more memory.
The team thought that it was a good idea to detect silence because it would give a better word error result and therefore would help within an evaluation. The LDA introduced delays, but they were claiming that the delay was within the boundaries of it. The professor thought it was nice to remove silent sections in order to get these word error rate results.
This was the third meeting of the remote control design team. Project Manager started the meeting by introducing the agenda for the meeting. Industrial Designer, User Interface, and Marketing each gave a presentation on their individual presentations. Then, Project Manager asked the team to give a summary of all the decisions they had made so far. After that, the team discussed the energy source, the casing, the scroll-wheel, the colour of the case, the corporate identity, the material of the cover, the buttons, and the shape of the product. Finally, the group discussed the product evaluation and made a decision on the design of the
The team decided to use a single-curved case with rubber with a single curve and the case should be made of rubber. The energy source should be conventional batteries and solar energy. The company logo should be in the shape of a scroll-wheel and the company colours should be on the cover of the remote control. The team also agreed that the corporate identity should be incorporated in the product.
User Interface suggested that the remote control should be made of rubber and the material should be spongy. Industrial Designer thought that they should use scroll-wheels and double scroll-buttons. Project Manager thought they should make a round an oval remote control with a round shape. User Interface also suggested that they could use a scroll-wheel for the volume button and a round one-curved case for the other buttons.
The team decided to use rubber as the material of choice because it was spongy and the feel of the material had something to do with that natural feeling of the remote control. Also, the younger group liked more colourful objects and the older group preferred familiar ones. The team also agreed that they could provide both for the young and the old what they like.
When discussing the shape of the remote control, the team found that double-curved design was too dull and the customers would not like it because they could only use the rubber buttons and scroll-wheels. So they decided to use a single-cornered design because it was the best of two worlds.
User Interface suggested that push-buttons and scroll-wheels could also be integrated with buttons. Project Manager thought that the group could use double scroll-wheel and double-curved buttons. Industrial Designer thought that scroll wheels could be integrated into buttons. User Interface also suggested that they could make four push buttons in a form of a round.
User Interface thought scroll-wheels could be integrated with buttons, but Industrial Designer thought it was too much. Project Manager couldn't see any scenario where users would use a scroll-wheel with a button on it. Industrial Designer didn't think it was any value added thing, but Project Manager thought it might attract the young customers. The team agreed that it would be a good addition to the remote control.
When the team had to look at a cost, they did not think LCD displays would add a lot of extra high-tech feeling to the remote control because it was not flashy and new. Also, the team did not have enough space in their finance to integrate LCD displays.
This was the Children, Young People and Education Committee. It was a further evidence session, number four, on the inquiry into the status of the Welsh baccalaureate qualification. Dafydd Evans, who is the chair, ColegauCymru, and chief executive officer of Grŵp Llandrillo Menai, gave evidence. The committee discussed the different aspects of the qualification, such as the rigour, the quality of the skills, and the engagement of the employers. They also discussed the importance of apprenticeships and the levy between England and Wales, and changes to qualifications.
According to Dafydd Evans, they had a number of employer boards, which they regularly met with—employers—and they could not think back as to how many employers said to them, "That is what we require—the Welsh bac—to come and work within our industry." Most of what they were questioning was the level of professional qualifications and the quality of skills within those professional sectors. Not many of them have indicated that the Welsh baccalaureate was providing the skills that they require.
The Welsh baccalaureate had turned into quite a rigorous, some would say demanding, qualification, which was putting a lot of pressure on in terms of bureaucracy and the student getting all the information together at the end of the year, and whether that was developing the skills that employers require was very questionable. It was not a case of squeezing things out. The only way to get employer buy-in was that if they felt ownership of what was being done.
Dafydd Evans thought the voice of employers should be a key part of that review, so that employability skills and entrepreneurial skills had more of a role within that qualification. And the only way they'll get employer buy-in is that if they feel ownership of what's being done.
Dafydd Evans thought that one of the problems was that they had a number of children coming in to the colleges, and they needed to resit their GCSEs—in maths, English and Welsh. It was a valid priority for the Welsh Government for everyone to get a C grade in the core subjects. However, there was no room for everything in the curriculum somehow—no room in the funding or also in terms of the time and the capacity of the learner to be able to do that number of qualifications. So, the Welsh baccalaureate started to do some of those things at different levels.
Kay the principal of Cardiff and Vale College thought that the Welsh baccalaureate helped to prepare learners for employment. However, it was not for everyone because some people had to do the other things. Some people doing the equivalent of three A-Levels, even in a vocational programme, was too big for them. The Welsh bac was a combination of qualifications. It was not just one qualification—it's a combination. And it needed to be reviewed, to look at how we could make skilled and employable people.
Dafydd Evans thought that one of the problems was that they had a number of children coming in to the colleges, and they needed to resit their GCSEs—in maths, English and Welsh. And so there was no room for everything in the curriculum somehow. The Welsh baccalaureate was a combination of qualifications; it's not just one qualification—it's a combination. Therefore, it needed to be reviewed, to look at how we could make skilled and employable people.
Kay Martin believed that they didn't think they did, especially the experience they had with some of their learners to go to Russell Group universities. They thought it was questionable, certainly at national and foundation. Some of the universities were not valuing the Welsh baccalaureate. In some areas, and certainly the local universities around here—University of South Wales, Cardiff Metropolitan University—value it in a great number of subjects, particularly in sport, when our students went to Cardiff Met, and business studies when our learners went to USW. It was valued by them and they accepted it, but when people went further afield—and they were always trying to push our learners beyond.
Nick Brazil thought it was mixed, and it depended on the admissions tutors and the areas that they were going into in universities. In some areas, and certainly the local universities around here—University of South Wales, Cardiff Metropolitan University—value it in a great number of subjects, particularly in sport, when the students go to Cardiff Met, and business studies, when our learners go to USW. It was valued by them and they accepted it, but when people went further afield—and we're always trying to push our learners beyond.
Kay Martin admitted that it was mixed. In some areas, and certainly the local universities around here—University of South Wales, Cardiff Metropolitan University—value it in a great number of subjects, particularly in sport, when their students go to Cardiff Met, and business studies, when our learners go to USW. It is valued by them and they accept it, but when people go further afield—and they're always trying to push our learners beyond. Some of the universities are not valuing the Welsh baccalaureate. They do allow sometimes that you can drop a grade. But if they do offer an
Dafydd Evans was not assured in terms of the training required regarding the Welsh baccalaureate, but where they are seeing it more successfully is where vocational lecturers have actually taken it on board. It has started to work well when our sports lecturers had taken the baccalureate on board and have put it in the context of the sports curriculum. Therefore, no, they think that if it's going to be a success, it's got to be contextualised. They have invested heavily in training those vocational lecturer to understand how to deliver the bac and get positive outcomes of the Welsh
Dafydd Evans thought that training was required regarding the Welsh bac, but where they were seeing it more successfully was where vocational lecturers have actually taken it on board. Therefore, no, he thought that if it was going to be a success, it had to be contextualised.
Nick Brazil thought that the number of the skills and the challenges that were done within the Welsh baccalaureate were done very similarly within the vocational qualification as well. Therefore, no, he thought that if it was going to be a success, it had to be contextualised, and for the vocational lecturers to do that.
This was the Children, Young People and Education Committee this morning. It was an evidence session to scrutinise the Welsh Government's progress in developing the new curriculum for Wales. Kirsty Williams AM, Minister for Education, Steve Davies, director of the education directorate, and Claire Bennett, who is deputy director for curriculum and assessment, gave a presentation on the draft curriculum and the process of developing the curriculum. The curriculum was not a copycat of the Scottish curriculum, but it was always useful to reflect on how other systems had undertaken curriculum reform in their nation and to learn from any issues that had arisen. There was a concerted effort
According to Kirsty Williams, the original proposal that they began working on was to provide for the four purposes—so, the 4 purposes would be set out in the legislation—as well as putting in law the areas of learning and experience that you'll all be familiar with. Then, below that, they were going to legislate for a number of the cross-curricular aspects—the literacy, the numeracy and the digital competency—so they had already said that they was going to make that statutory. They would make a statutory provision for the 'what matters' statements within that, again, providing greater certainty and greater clarity about our expectations at a national level.
Kirsty Williams AM explained that the original proposal that they began working on was to provide for the four purposes—the four purposes would be set out in the legislation—as well as putting in law the areas of learning and experience that you'll all be familiar with. Then, below that, they were going to legislate for a number of the cross-curricular aspects—so, the literacy, the numeracy and the digital competency. The two main new areas that they were now working on to include within the Bill were to ensure that there was breadth within the curriculum for everybody and ensure that the 'what matters' statements were a set given in the system. They were always intended to represent, as a whole, the learning that every learner should get.
The 'what matters' states very clearly the broad concepts in health and well-being. It refers to both physical and mental health, and they intend to legislate to ensure that the 'what mattered' statements are a set given in the system. They were always intended to represent, as a whole, the learning that every learner should get. So, the two main new areas that they are now working on to include within the Bill were to ensure there is breadth within the curriculum for everybody and to include in the legislation provision for a statutory framework setting out the approach to progression in each of the AoLE areas.
According to Kirsty Williams, the government was very supportive of the work done by the Wales Institute of Social and Economic Research, Data and Methods and the paper to be presented by Dr Nigel Newton. They were big supporters of WISERD and the work that they did, and needed more research into Welsh education, not less.
The WISERD research suggested that the senior management teams would certainly buy into what the management teams said, but the classroom teachers would be a little bit more sceptical. There was no evidence that the curriculum could exacerbate segregation within schools between different groups of pupils. The primary purpose for assessment was for that professional to be able to know how to move that child's educational journey on, and they would absolutely expect professionals to have those conversations with parents, whether they were using formative methods of assessment or summative methods.
The first thing to realise is that the curriculum was not a copycat of the Scottish curriculum, but it was always useful to reflect on how other systems had undertaken curriculum reform in their nation and to learn from any issues that had arisen. Assessment has been a crucial part of the process that we have been involved in. And so we're interested in looking, as I said, at some of the practices that other countries use to include pupil voice to find out what's happening.
Dawn Bowden AM wanted to know how the money that was announced for supporting teachers for the preparation of the implementation, how that's actually been used. Kirsty Williams AM answered that the money was being made available to each and every school and empowered headteachers to really think, 'What are the professional needs of my school and the practitioners in my school?' Because, as we've just heard from Claire, there were some schools that had been part of the pioneer process from the very beginning and therefore were further along that development chain. So, investing in the profession was absolutely crucial.
The money that was agreed was for a two-year period and, clearly, there would be an ongoing programme of preparation development and personal development, as well as anything else. The rest would be what would be normal professional development beyond that. The money was not an insignificant amount. It was the largest investment in professional learning since the history of devolution.
The innovation schools have led to a very specific piece of work as they do the final refinement, and their main role is working with us on these final refinements to the content but also to the assessment issues and accountability issues. At a regional level, they require the regions to engage with all schools through the cluster model. Each school is part of a network that links to it, and they gauge (1) the level of activity in it, (2) the outcomes of that work. They're continuing on that work now this term to keep making sure that what they're doing is something that schools can actually realise practically.
Children's rights, human rights—they had been key considerations throughout the design, and this was currently set out in overarching guidance and they continued to work with the children's commissioner's office to map the rights of the child across each area of learning and experience.
According to Kirsty, it was really important that whatever resources they had to support the Welsh dimension were really broad and not confined to specific areas. The continuum for language would have to be contextualised depending on the setting where a child was being taught. There would be progression points on that continuum that would be there to show progression both in Welsh language and in the English language.
The progression points on the continuum would be there to show progression both in Welsh language and in the English language, and they had to be contextualised. Children learning Welsh in a Welsh-medium school would be more speedy and quicker, and by the end of primary school they would be in a very different position than a child learning English in English-medium schools.
This meeting was about twenty-five minutes long. Project Manager introduced the agenda of the meeting. The team had a discussion about how many they had to sell of these remote controls to make a profit of fifty million Euros. They had to use a big market in Europe. The remote control had to be original, trendy, user-friendly and have a lot of buttons on it. It should be made of plastic and made of rubber. It was supposed to be a universal remote control, but Project Manager was not sure about the size of the remote control because it would be too big for the buttons they had. The group
The group agreed that the remote control should be big enough for the buttons they have and the on off button must be on top. They also agreed that it should be made of plastic and the infrared should be from a good quality. The remote control could be made into a mobile phone that you could fold open and the user could see more options. The group also agreed to care for the strength of the remote controls because remote controls were most things in the house that fell down on the ground and got often broken.
The Project Manager thought that the remote control should be original, trendy, user-friendly and have a lot of buttons on it. It should be big enough for the buttons they have, but not too big because it had to have lots of functions. The remote control could be made to fold open so that users could see more options and the on-off button could be on top. The Project Manager also thought that it must be a very good control, so that kids and elderly could use it from everywhere in the room and the infrared thing must be from very good quality.
When discussing the possible advanced techniques on the remote control, the Marketing pointed out that it was not necessary to care for the strength of the remote because remote controls were most things in the house that fell down on the ground and it got often broken. The Industrial Design proposed to use a touch screen, but the Marketing thought that it would be too expensive and fragile.
Industrial Design suggested that the remote control should be made of plastic so that it would not fall down on the ground and it would be easy to be carried in the hand. It should also be made with a clear button with an icon on it so that users could see more options.
The remote control would have the basic things on the same place, like on off button on top and the TV channels one two three four as a block, and the volume obviously on top, so that users can see. The on off buttons would be on the top and volume on top. The remote control could be made to fold open and the strength was not as good as a normal remote control because it had to have a lot of functions.
The User Interface suggested that the basic things on the remote control should be on the same place, like on off button on top and the TV channels one two three four as a block, and then the volume obviously on top.
The team discussed how they could collect more data from different types of meetings. They discussed the amount of data that they should collect and how they should organize the data. The team also discussed whether they should move the Aurora data off of the Meeting Recorder disk and put it onto the Broadcast News one. The meeting ended with a brief discussion about how to classify overlapping zones.
Grad B suggested that the team should record more regular meetings of types that they know about and hear, rather than a mish-mosh of a bunch of one-off meetings. The team also discussed the idea of collecting more data from different domains, such as seminars or classes.
Graduate students should advertise to linguistics grad students to get more native English speakers.
The team discussed the possibility of putting the recording equipment in a room in the linguistics department or in another building on campus. The team also discussed the feasibility of turning the equipment into a portable device so that it could be wheeled around.
The group discussed the possibility of putting the equipment in the phonology lab. The idea was that one of them could go up there once a week to record the meeting or something rather than bring all the equipment down here. The professor thought that it would be difficult to put a lot of head phones in different people when they had to record only with the tabletop microphones. The team also discussed whether they could set up a room in the linguistics department.
Grad B informed the team that they were slowly getting to the point where they had enough space to record meetings. They were getting more space on the current disk, but that was not going to happen instantaneously. They should consolidate Meeting Recorder onto one disk rather than spreading them out.
The team was getting a new disk rack and four thirty-six gigabyte disks. They were getting space on the current disk right now, where Meeting Recorder was, which was enough for about four meetings. The team was looking into other vendors. The SUN rack takes more disks than the Andatico one.
This was the second meeting of the remote control design team. Firstly, the team discussed the functional requirements of the new remote control. Then, they discussed the working design. The team decided to make the remote into a universal remote control only, with basic functions like numbers and the on-off button. They also agreed to have a home station for it to recharge the batteries or something. Finally, the group discussed the design of the speech recognition function, which was rejected by the team.
The group discussed the functional requirements of the new remote control. Firstly, they agreed that the remote control should only be used for a television, so that it would be easier to reach a new market with customers younger than forty. Secondly, they had to make it more like a mobile phone and stand out by just looks of it. Thirdly, the team agreed that they should make it simple and standard. Finally, the group agreed to have a home station for it to recharge the batteries or something.
Marketing believed that younger people under the age of forty were more interested in new features because they were more critical and older people did not want to spend more money. Therefore, it was not useful enough to take the effort to design something with speech recognition.
User Interface agreed with Marketing's suggestion on the ease of use when presenting the functional requirements. The remote control should only be used for a television, so that the elderly people would not need to learn how to use it. User Interface thought that basic functions like numbers and the on-off button should be easy to use, and for elderly people big buttons should be put on the remote control so that it doesn't take much time to figure out what the buttons did.
The group discussed the basic functions like volume, channels, the basic according to the brand of TV, the on-off button, and the LED light. The group also talked about how to keep the remote control simple and stand out by just looks of it. They decided to use a universal remote control with a different colour or different shape, and make it stand out with the design. They also discussed whether to use speech recognition or not. The team decided to keep it simple and keep the buttons simple.
This was the third meeting of the team to discuss the design of the remote control. Firstly, the group discussed the basic elements of the product, including the look-and-feel model, the material, the buttons, the backlight, the scrollwheel, backlights, slide, and the microphone. Then, they discussed the budget, the production cost, the speech recognition function, the layout of the interface, the functions of the scroll wheel, backlight and slide, the colour changeable buttons, and scrollwheel. They also talked about how many buttons were required and how many functions were required for speech recognition.
Marketing made some criteria to evaluate the design of the remote control, including look-and-feel, user-friendliness, innovation, new features, and new features. Then, the team evaluated the product on the basis of the research they had done about the new needs and the market. The team gave the product a one or a seven on each of the criteria. The average score for each criterion was one.
Marketing thought the scroll wheel was easy to use, but the second parts, like speech, scroll wheel and slide would be harder to learn. User Interface thought the rest of the remote control was very clear and clear, but it would be hard to learn the speech function and the slide. Project Manager thought the second layer would be difficult to learn because there were so few information that users could easily decide what buttons were for what function.
Marketing recommended the team to evaluate the model by making a list of criteria from one to zero and then give an average for each of them. The team should give a one or a seven for each criterion.
The group discussed the cost of the battery, the size of the remote control, the number of buttons, the shape of the case, the backlight, the scrollwheel, backlight and the slide. The team agreed that the smart board would be very nice to work with, but it would be slow to draw on the board itself. They also agreed that they could edit the drawing board from where they were sitting, rather than standing there. Then, the team talked about the design of the speech recognition chip, which was not included in the budget. The group decided to use the advanced chip for speech recognition.
User Interface thought that they got wrong information at the wrong time. The team members didn't know the exact price of the components, which was the biggest problem. They were lucky to get the price right.
This was the first meeting of the evaluation phase of the project. First of all, the team evaluated the product specification and prototype design that met the criteria that they got from the market research. Then, they discussed leadership and teamwork. Finally, they evaluated the materials they had for communicating and sharing information.
Marketing presented the first stage of the evaluation of the new remote control based on the user requirements and trends found in the marketing reports and the marketing strategy of the company. The team gave their own individual ratings on each of the criteria on the whiteboard, and came to a consensus rating between one and seven. The lowest rating they got was for incorporating current fashion trends and easy to locate. The highest rating was for meeting the specifications and was definitely true for two of the six criteria there. They were still slightly ambivalent as to whether to use voice recognition there, though that was the favoured strategy.
Marketing thought that the remote control incorporated the spongy texture to the exterior and the fruit and vegetable design colours in the prototype as well as incorporated current fashion trends and was easy to locate. However, he doubted that the team could do much more to minimise repetitive strain injury.
The team had not come up with anything that they felt could feasibly reduce that. The type of button that they were going to use in the bottom half, the material, minimised RSI. The amount of stuff they were putting on the remote control was not that much, so it was not moving around trying to hit accurately the buttons in between. Also, the spongy feel was no problem with that.
The team agreed that the cost of the remote control was 12.5 Euros, which was within the budget. However, they had to increase the price of the product by 50 percent to cover the overheads of the electronics and the heating for the building. They decided to use a kinetic charger instead of kinetic because it could come in various sizes, and they wanted a stand-by function. They also decided to incorporate voice recognition into their design.
User Interface thought that the replacement of the kinetic batteries would not make a huge difference because customers never said anything about the battery. Users were used to buying batteries. The biggest one would be taking away the voice recognition.
The team agreed that the incorporation of voice recognition would make the remote control more distinctive and set it apart from the crowd, which would make it easier to locate in a first instance. The team also agreed that they could adjust the volume on the remote controls, just as they could volume on TV.
This was the Children, Young People and Education Committee's sixth evidence session for their inquiry on education otherwise than at school. The committee welcomed Sharon Davies, head of learning, Torfaen County Borough Council and representing the Association of Directors of Education in Wales, Nick Williams, director of education, Swansea city and county council, and David Hopkins, interim head of education at the Welsh Local Government Association. They discussed the main reasons for the increase in the number of exclusions from school, including the prevalence of ASD—autism spectrum disorder—and trying to get the learners the right provision was sometimes a challenge. They also discussed the difficulties
According to Sian Gwenllian AM, there was a difficult balance between funding being used for diagnosis and support, because the Samaritans report suggested that funding tends to go into diagnosis rather than support. However, in fairness to PRUs, they had been trying to work on the fact that, if children move out of school, the funding follows them. They don't want a lag in the system, because they have to meet the challenge of the pupils, but the money is still in the schools, because it's once a year that they have that funding. But, obviously, they recognise that—and it's back to your original question, the first question—we still have learners, unfortunately, despite pretty effective support and provision in nearly all our schools,
David Hopkins thought that the new Act would put pressures on local authorities and schools, not just local authorities but also on the post-16 sector, because they were talking now about a wider age range—doing up to 25 as well. He also thought that there would be more expulsions, which could mean more pressure on the system. And on the additional learning needs side, whilst the Minister had currently made some more money available, if they looked at experiences that had happened in England, in particular, because there were direct parallels there with legislation, they knew from those experiences that ALN funding had become increasingly under pressure.
The factors that really affected exclusions were the very narrow measure at the end of key stage 4 attainment, which had put pressure on some schools, certainly, and headteachers had felt that—sometimes excluded, or otherwise put into another school as a consequence, which was regrettable, but that's what's happened. The delegation levels were already very high in most authority areas, and they had agreements in place with the Government to make sure that more money, or as much money as possible, was devolved to schools. So, there were financial pressures there, but I don't think the levels of delegation had any impact on that.
Janet Finch-Saunders AM asked about the transition arrangements. Nick Williams answered that one of the things that had improved a lot was the networking within the PRU sector. They met on a regular basis, and that's nationally. And the EOTAS group meets regionally as well. Also, in fairness to PRUs, they had been trying to work on the fact that, if children moved out of school, the funding followed them. And this was the opportunity the new curriculum provided, providing their staff had the funding to do that and the opportunities they needed to be creating around that.
According to Sharon Davies, the more challenging learners were the ones who were coming to the end of their statutory education, their key stage 4. It was far, far more difficult when they were 15, 16 to get them back into mainstream. So, they had recognised that, so that they had their staff working very closely with the schools. There was an integration through a part-time timetable back into school, and they continue to support them during that process.
The team-around-the-family approach, to ensure what is needed for that learner to go back into school, what can the school provide.
According to Sharon Davies, Swansea had a commissioning framework for providers, and for EOTAS providers to have approved status. However, they were struggling sometimes for additional provision—very important around safeguarding. At the moment, that was a struggle for them, because they were managing those pressures in their own provision whilst they went out and observe through a provision framework to make sure that the provision was—.
Janet Finch-Saunders thought that local authorities should take a greater role in quality assuring individual tuition. However, Sharon Davies thought that they were restricted on how much access they got into the home. Therefore, it was really difficult then to quality assure, because unless the families invited them in there was very little—.
According to Lynne Neagle, the intuition was that the children were following a restricted timetable or whatever, because maybe they were school anxious and so on, and they were trying to get them into the provision like that, the home-tuition staff work for the local authority. Therefore, they wouldn't want any child, if they were away from a main-school setting, to slip through the net in terms of tuition, or safeguarding even.
According to Sharon Davies, it was limited. There really wasn't the capacity for them to access professional training. It was a capacity issue, because if they took them out of the provision, it would be difficult for perhaps a supply teacher to come in and manage that class because of the demands. So, they needed a group of people in the future to fill those gaps. They could be doing more there, and it was probably, the group I chair, a discussion they need to have.
The biggest challenge was the capacity. At the moment, a newly qualified teacher can't work in this type of provision, which is fine, they need to perhaps get mainstream first. But we need a group of people in the future to fill those gaps. It's more than just one person—it's the whole training package that goes around that capacity as well.
According to Nick Williams, they had provision for those types of learners there. But even so, the distances that those learners were having to travel were huge. It was a big issue. They had probably got a few areas that they would write to them about, if that was okay.
This meeting was mainly about the target group, the functions, and the functions of the remote control. First of all, Project Manager introduced the new project requirements. The remote control should only be used for television, because teletext was out of date and internet was replacing teletext. Second, the product should be interesting and and should be bought by people younger than forty. Third, the corporate image should be recognisable in the product. Fourth, the remote should be easy to use with not so many buttons. Fifth, the user interface should be simple with only a volume and a programme one. Sixth, the target market should be
User Interface proposed to design an easy-to-use remote control with not so many buttons and only a volume and a programme one. Industrial Designer preferred a round button which could be pushed in four directions. Project Manager thought it should be a combination of volume and programme selecting. Marketing proposed to use teletext, but it would be costly and hard to implement. The group agreed to use a base station next to the TV.
Industrial Designer thought that the ten digits would be a bit costly and complicated to implement. However, he believed that it would be very easy to find the remote control with speech recognition and it would make it easy to change the channel.
User Interface thought that the easy to use remote control should have fewer buttons, trendy design, nice lightning effects and the sound.
Industrial Designer thought there were no technical difficulties in the remote control because there was no elaborate technique used in this kind of equipment. However, the group did not agree on how to separate the clapping sound from other sounds and how to execute the sound signal. User Interface suggested that they could use a base station next to the TV. Project Manager thought that they should use something more easily like a home statuette.
The team came up with a central point to which they could go and perform a some kind of finding function. The remote control would be placed next to the TV and users would have to walk to the remote control before they could find it.
Industrial Designer thought they should use infrared because otherwise their device could not communicate with almost every TV set. Project Manager thought infrared was the best choice because it was the most easy way to send messages to a TV set and it could generate messages using infrared light which were sent to the receiver. However, the cost-effectiveness of using infrared was not clear, so they could think something smart about it.
This was the detailed design meeting. The group discussed the squishy fruitiness of their remote controls and how they might pursue that. They also talked about materials they would use and what kind of chip would be necessary for the remote control. Then, they discussed the size of the remote, making it hand-holdable and not too big, and how to fit the battery case in there. Finally, they talked about leadership and teamwork.
Industrial Designer gave a prototype presentation of the remote control with a wheel that was used to change channels or volume or whatever, a power button that was the power button if you held it down, and if you just tap on it, it brought up the menu. The remote control would be made out of plastic and rubber. The base would be interchangeable so that users could change the colour, according to their living room or whatever. The fruit design would be a mango or a broccoli. The locator would be placed on the front and the battery case would be on one of the sides.
Industrial Designer thought the base of the remote should be larger because some of these remote controls were not as easy to hold. Project Manager thought the wheel would probably be bigger. User Interface thought the remote could be held in the hand better by smashing all the vegetables down flat. Marketing thought the touch pad in different shapes would annoy people if they got used to having the buttons in one shape.
The team thought the process of making the prototype was creatively stimulating and the team had come up with a product that was fun and met all the criteria. The team also thought the leadership and teamwork was good. They all worked very well together and everyone got to contribute to the project. They didn't really have set roles so much, as they just had ideas about it but they blended quite well.
The group was having trouble imagining the size of the remote control. Project Manager thought that it would be too big if it was round and it was big, but Industrial Designer thought the wheel would probably be bigger because some of these remote controls were not as easy to hold. User Interface suggested that they could make the touch pad in different shapes, but then it would annoy people if they got used to having the buttons in one shape. And it would probably cost more to produce because they were irregular.
Industrial Designer thought the leadership was good because everyone got to contribute to the process and everyone knew what they were doing. Project Manager thought his leadership was crap because he didn't really have set roles so much and everyone had ideas about it. User Interface thought Project Manager did a good job leading.
Industrial Designer was not a big fan of any Microsoft, PowerPoint or any of the other presentation materials. He just used the Unix or the off market, sort of WordPerfect and all these other things. The problem was if he didn't like WordPerfect, he had to go track someone down who had an old disk and then reinstall it. User Interface thought that the information that was available to him was kind of just like the idea that they had, so he thought that his information was not very useful.
The meeting began with a brief introduction of Robert's thesis proposal. The team discussed the rephrasing problem and how they solved it. Then, the team talked about the construction of the SmartKom parser and the generation outputter. They discussed the metonymy and metonomenology of the model and how it could be applied to other domains. The meeting ended with a discussion about the construal of objects.
The thesis is about building a probabilistic relational model that has general, domain-general rules how things are construed, and then using ontology, situation, user, and discourse model to instantiate elements in the classes of the probabilism relational model to do some inferences in terms of what is being construed as what. The idea is that the model could potentially build a multidimensional ontology-situation-user-construal model that could interact with all the metonymies and metaphors so that all the projections of it also should work.
EML is building up a huge thing in Leipzig. The team is doing a lot of work on biocomputation. The project is on the double helix building, which is different from the standard DNA building. It is a different level of analysis and requires a different mechanism of construal.
The team discussed how mirror neurons could be used to look at people's brains in a more direct way. The team also discussed how the Bayes-net could help them understand how language works.
This was the second meeting on conceptual design of the remote control. First, the User Interface Designer presented the concept of user interface. Then, the group discussed three concepts in the user interface: fancy, fancy and fancy. The first one was a fancy controller. The second one was easy to use, but with sophisticated functions. The third one was an intelligent controller. Then the group talked about the component concepts, about the energy, and about the material. The last thing they talked about was the shape of the wooden remote control and the material used to make it spongy. After that, the team discussed how to
The user interface designer presented three concepts of the remote control. The first one was easy to use, but with sophisticated functions. The second one was a fancy controller. The third one was an attractive one. The user interface should be cute and easy to recognize among a lot of products.
The user interface designer proposed three concepts of the remote control. The first one was easy to use, but with sophisticated functions. The second one was a fancy controller. The third one was intelligent. With this advanced features, they could attract a lot of users.
The project manager disapproved of the concept of intelligent controller because most of the people wanted to use the remote control to zap to switch channels, so it would not be easy for them to remember it and recognize it. Also, it would be risky for the users to do all the same gestures and get injuries because of that. The user was the one who would buy the product.
The group discussed the material of the remote control and the function of the buttons. The remote control would be made out of wood and the material would be spongy and the buttons would be plastic-like. The group also discussed the functions of voice recognition and gesture recognition. The team agreed that voice recognition was not necessary and the microphone was embedded in the controller. They also agreed that they could add some function like browsing in internet.
The group agreed that both the classical battery and solar energy alimentation would add a little bit of the price to the remote control, but it would be an added value to make people buy it. It could attract all the ecological consumers.
The material of the remote control could be plastic-like, rubber-like or rubber-rubber-like. The wooden material was preferred because it was very resistant and could fit with the wooden design. The material could also be spongy, which was related to how beautiful it was in the dark.
Marketing did a short anal analysis of the remote control market and gave a better overview of what's the fashion in general. User requirements were fancy look and feel, technologically innovative, easy to use, easy-to-use, and easy to find. User Interface thought it would be convenient to use voice interface and gesture interface than to use buttons. Users wanted it to be technologically innovative so that they could switch form one modality to another. Users were not so much interested in functional look or feel because they could not speak at the same time.
The marketing recommended to do a short anal analysis of the remote control market and to have a better overview of what's the fashion in general. The market showed that everything from clothes to shoes and furniture was inspired by fruits and vegetables. The marketing also recommended to take this into account for the design of the product.
Marketing did a short anal analysis of the remote control market and gave a better overview of what's the fashion in general. The team agreed that the user really wanted a fancy look and feel, technologically innovative and easy to use. They still wanted it to be technologically innovative, so maybe it was related to what Marketing had said with the speech recognition and so on. However, they could not rely one hundred percent on these features to use the controller because the user was the one who would buy the product.
This meeting was mainly about the conceptual design of the remote control. First of all, the group discussed the material of the case, the shape of the buttons, the energy source, the backlight, and the speech recognition. Then, they discussed the function of the scroll-wheel, the buttons on the side and the back-light. The group also discussed the shape and size of the device. The team decided to make it round and spongy, with scroll wheels and changeable fronts. They also agreed to make the case from soft material and make it transparent. Then they talked about the material and shape of
According to Marketing, the most important aspect for remote controls was fancy look-and-feel, instead of the current functional look and feel. Also, fancy stands for an original look- and-feel of the case and interface. User Interface suggested that the feel of material was expected to be spongy. The third aspect was the aspect of the remote control should be easy to use.
Marketing thought that fancy look was the most important thing for remote control, so the feel of material was expected to be spongy. However, he didn't know what it meant. So he thought it was also a stress-ball.
User Interface recommended that the team should use some of the new technology, like speech recognition, to be innovative. However, the team did not have an idea about how much it would cost, so User Interface suggested that they should keep it simple.
The team agreed that the remote control should be fancy and technological innovative. They also agreed to put speech recognition in it as well, but they didn't put it on top because it was too difficult to implement. The team also decided to make the case transparent and put the scroll wheel on the bottom.
Project Manager thought that the shape of the remote control should be more rounded so that it could be put in the docking station. User Interface suggested that they could round up the corners a bit to make it more rounded. Industrial Designer thought they could use all kinds of round shapes. However, Project Manager thought it was okay if they just kept it a bit square.
Industrial Designer thought that a display requires an advanced chip, which was more expensive than all the other chips. However, Project Manager thought that speech recognition would be a good feature feature, so they should put it in. User Interface thought that they should keep the regular one, but if they used speech recognition, the advanced one should be in it.
The meeting was the sixth meeting of the House of Commons Special Committee on the COVID-19 pandemic. The meeting began with petitions from petitioners. The petitioners had asked the government to look at the situation with the Patented Medicine Prices Review Board, which was scheduled to go through some important and potentially detrimental regulatory changes very soon. They asked that the amendments to the CERB be rescinded, as these would restrict Canadians from receiving life-saving medications for cystic fibrosis and other illnesses, but in particular, a medicine called Trikafta, which can have the effect of treating cystic disease
The petitioners were asking that the Government of Canada not provide any financial assistance to Canadian airlines until they promptly provide full refunds for flights that were cancelled due to COVID-19. The petitioners felt that these Canadians were facing economic hardship and needed a refund. The government responded that they were introducing measures that support workers, who would continue to be their priority. The priority was for Canadians to be able to pay for their groceries and their housing.
According to Gabriel Ste-Marie, the Prime Minister announced the large employer emergency financing facility. The five big Bay Street banks benefited from this, as did the big multinationals. However, he quickly became disillusioned because it was more about abusive tax evasion and avoidance. There were no conditions that would allow the government to tighten the screws on profiteers.
Hon. Bill Blair (Minister of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness) wished to advise the member that they worked very closely with the Canadian firearms program, with law enforcement and with their firearms verification to identify the makes, models and variants of nine rifles, all of which had in their earliest provenance a design for military use, for soldiers to use in combat. These weapons had no place in our communities and should be reserved for use by Canada's military and law enforcement.
According to the Minister of Seniors, seniors have faced increased costs due to the COVID-19 pandemic, and the government today had responded to that with additional action. This means there would be up to $500 for the most vulnerable seniors to help them with their financial security to get through this challenging time. Beyond this, they announced $20 million to expand the new horizons for seniors program to kick-start initiatives and services that would help seniors.
Ms. Jenny Kwan pointed out that instead of providing a universal direct payment for all, the government had decided to implement a complicated program that left many people behind. The truth of the matter was that single parents and their children who depended on spousal support and child maintenance were not getting support. The Minister of Employment had been aware of this for three weeks and said she was looking into it, but there had still been no action.
Deb Deb Schulte introduced additional measures today wherein they were introducing a one-time special payment for those who receive OAS and an additional $200 for seniors eligible for GIS. This means there would be up to $500 for the most vulnerable seniors to help them with their financial security to get through this challenging time. Beyond this, they announced $20 million to expand the new horizons for seniors program to kick-start initiatives and services that would help seniors.
Hon. Bill Morneau (Minister of Economic Development and Official Languages) introduced that the government was providing $350 million to assist people in the tourism sector all over the country, and particularly in the Atlantic region. In light of the new funding for the Atlantic Canada Opportunities Agency, ACOA, the government would be happy to work with him and with the leaders of the tourism industry to ensure that the tourist regions were ready when the economy reopened.
The tourism season was already deeply affected by COVID-19. Many people had lost their jobs and needed assistance from the government. In light of the new funding for the Atlantic Canada Opportunities Agency, ACOA, the government would be happy to work with him and with the leaders of the tourism sector.
The Minister of Economic Development and Official Languages introduced changes to the CERB to make sure that people who run out of the fishers EI were eligible as well as seasonable workers. The government also put in place measures to address processors' concerns so that harvesters continue to have a place to sell their product.
Hon. Bernadette Jordan introduced that the fish and seafood sector had been extremely adversely affected because of the Covid-19. The government had started to put measures in place to address the issue with the $62.5 million aid package. The fishery enterprises were uniquely structured, which was why they were looking at measures to address concerns they had. They were working with their provincial colleagues, as well as their caucus colleagues.
Hon. Bernadette Jordan (Minister of Fisheries, Oceans and the Canadian Coast Guard) acknowledged that the lobster fishery was being negatively affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and was facing losses of up to 95% of its Asian markets. The government had started to put measures in place to address the issue with the $62.5 million aid package. They had put in place measures to address processors' concerns so that harvesters continue to have a place to sell their product. They were working on direct supports.
Oil and gas was one of the most important industries in the Canadian economy at that time, and it was expected that it would be the most stable industry during the COVID-19 pandemic. However, the situation was not so stable as it had been in the past. There was a lot of uncertainty about the future of the oil and gas industry, and the government had to take measures to ensure the safety of the workers and the environment.
This meeting was mainly about the detailed design of the remote control. First of all, the team presented the prototype of their remote control, which was made out of clay and yellow and red with two basic shapes, a circle and a triangle piece. Then, they discussed the cost of the product, the energy source, the material, the shape, the colour, the slogan, the microphone array, and the shape of the case. After that, they talked about the material and shape of their product, and finally, they evaluated the product on the basis of its fancy look and feel, its shape, its material, its
The team agreed that the shape of the remote control was okay, but they were not so happy with the colour of the material. The team also disagreed on the material used to make the product. They decided to use two basic colours, yellow and red, to make it look like a pineapple. They also agreed to give the product a fancy look and feel, but the logo was still missing.
The basic colour of the remote control was yellow and red because yellow was the company colour and red was more attractive.
The marketing thought that the shape of the remote control was not obvious because it was not like the remote controls that people could put in their pockets or in their jackets. The marketing believed that the product would not last for ten years, so it would not be necessary to change the shape.
Marketing gave three key points to evaluate the design of the remote control. The first one was fancy look and feel. The second one was technological innovation. The third one was easy to use. The last one was user-friendliness. The team agreed that the product was easy-to-use and powerful.
The group agreed that the remote control was technologically innovative because there was a microphone array embedded in it and the group could capture voice from different directions. Also, there were tactile buttons on it. The group thought it was easy to use and powerful because it had only one button.
The marketing and the industrial designer disagreed with the user interface designer when judging whether the controller was easy to use. The first criterion was the fancy look and feel of the remote control and the second was the technological innovation of the controller. The marketing thought that the microphone array embedded in the controller could make it difficult to control the scale. The industrial designer thought the turning from the base was easy, but the marketing thought it would be too fast.
Firstly, the group discussed the shape of the remote control, the colour, the material, the buttons, the microphone array, and the size of the base. Secondly, they discussed the material of the case, which was made by clay and yellow and red. Thirdly, they talked about the size, shape, buttons, and microphone array. Finally, they evaluated the cost of the product. The cost was twelve fifty Euros and the production cost was twenty-five Euros.
The solar cells were too expensive and the group thought that it would be interesting for the marketing team to make a lot of advertisement concerning these solar cells to be able to sell it.
The industrial designer thought it was good to follow the flow and make the product now and after, if the people change their mind, change also the product. He believed that the traditional remote control was not a long long life product because it was flat and the shape was boring.
This was the first meeting of the team. The team got to know each other better by drawing their favourite animals on the whiteboard. They discussed the functional design of the remote control, conceptual design, what needs need need to be fulfilled by the product, what effects the product had to have and how it was actually going to do that. Then, they went off and did individual work on their individual work. They talked about the project plan, discussed their own ideas and everything. They agreed that the product should be original, something that's not out in the shops, trendy, appealing to a wide market and user-
Industrial Designer thought that the remote control should be made of lightweight plastic because it was easy to mould and produced. However, Project Manager pointed out that it might have its cost implications, so the group agreed to keep it down to a black and white LCD thing anyway. User Interface suggested that they could have an extra button that could be pressed for large print like they do in large print books. The group also agreed to use LCD display instead of too many b buttons and make it complicated for the user. Project Manager also proposed to use a flip top remote control so that when you flip over the top, your screen is
Marketing mentioned that on a mobile phone, users could press a key and it gave them a menu, which made it obvious what they were trying to do. He wondered if incorporating that into the design of a remote control might be useful. The group agreed that it would make the remote control easier to browse and navigate and people might find it more user-friendly.
Industrial Designer thought that the remote control should be self-intuitive so that the user could work out what everything was doing. He also suggested that the older generation could have an extra button that could be pressed for large print like they do in large print books.
Industrial Designer thought that the remote control could still be made of plastic because it was easily moulded and produced. However, he did not know if using plastic did make it cheaper.
The team agreed that the remote control would be priced at 25 Euros and produced at a cost of 17.5 Euros. The profit aim was 50 million Euros in the first year. The target group of remote control was international, accessible and usable by all age groups. However, they did not want to worry about different languages and things like that.
Project Manager thought that the market range was international and the remote control should be accessible and usable by all age groups. He did not think it was a case of worrying about different languages and things like that.
This was the second meeting of the team. The team first went over what they decided last meeting. They decided to design a universal control, one handset for all, TV, video equipment. They discussed a flip-open design, reducing the size of the control and an electronic panel for further features like programming, things like that. They also decided to use infrared to send signals to the TV presumably because of the cost issue of something like the same thing that computers use, wireless and, you don't need to send very much information.
Industrial Designer thought that they should look at the size issue because most of the remote controls were powered by triple A batteries but those can be quite bulky so they could shrink down the size of the control. Project Manager suggested that they could get the sort of circular round ones but Industrial Designer was concerned about power consumption and how much they needed to send the data across. Then the group discussed the external design of the flip-top, which could be a flat one or a flip-open one.
Industrial Designer was not sure whether they wanted to look at the size issue because most of them were powered by triple A batteries but those can be quite bulky so they could shrink down the size of the control. He was also wondering about the power consumption and how much they needed to send the data across.
According to the market research, seventy-five percent of users found most remote controls ugly. Eighty percent would spend more money when a remote control would look fancy. And a substantial number of don't knows in the older age group would be afraid of new technology. Therefore, the remote control should be user-friendly rather than complex. Also, the product should be available to a wide audience at a low cost.
When discussing market research and adjustments due to new project requirements, Industrial Designer pointed out that remote controls were often lost in the room, which was a problem for users to find the remote control. In order to combat this problem, he thought that an alarm would be a good idea. However, he was concerned that it would be expensive to incorporate an entire speech recognition thing.
Industrial Designer thought that people in Japan wouldn't buy two different sized controllers because they had smaller hands because the controller was physically to big. Therefore, they couldn't get round the controller which was too big. So they could have bigger buttons for some countries or something and smaller ones for others.
According to the market research, most people prefer us user-friendly rather than complex remote controls because there are times when people have used a remote control for a year or something and they are not used maybe thirty to forty percent of the buttons so it's not of no use of punching in those things in on the top of the remote control and trying to confuse the user. Also, users prefer us to simplify the interaction with TV to make it as simple as possible.
The team discussed the progress of their efforts to organize meeting data. The team thought that the SRI recognizer was improving and that they were starting to see some patterns in their model. They also discussed how they could train their model for background noise and how to adapt it to the environment. They discussed how to improve the error rate of their model, which was still not very good. They were also concerned that their model was not performing as well as they expected it to.
The team was informed that they would be having a meeting with DARPA in July. The meeting would be about the transcriptions they were working on. The team was excited about the prospect of having the meeting with them.
Transcribers have transcribed sixty-two hours of meetings so far. The transcripts are in the process of being edited. The team is working on further hiring transcribers.
Transcribers have transcribed sixty-two hours of meetings so far. The transcriptions are in the process of being edited. The team has hired two more transcribers, bringing the total to twelve. The finalization of the transcriptions should be done by July.
The segmenter has changed from bark scale to mel scale. The change was due to the fact that it preferred to have a positive insertion penalty rather than a negative one.
The segmenter is performing well. It looks like the vocal tract length normalization is working well, and the model is getting better. The task is moving from hand-segmentation to automatic segmentation.
The segmenter has changed from bark scale to mel scale. The change was due to the fact that it preferred to have a positive insertion penalty rather than a negative one.
The team discussed the performance of their model on the TIMIT with noise. The model performed better on the high mismatch task, but the latency was still too large. The team was concerned that the model was not performing as well on the low mismatch task. They discussed how they could improve the model by adding more features to the model. The professor suggested that they could experiment with the LDA in place of the neural net to see if it was better. They also discussed how the model could be improved by adding noise.
The team thought that the most obvious thing to do was to improve the training set. They had noticed that the number of deletions in the HM case had doubled. The team also wanted to know what the net effect was for the cases that got better. The professor thought that they should focus on improving the model.
The professor thought that the neural net was doing well. The team was getting better recognition using the model, but the model was still not perfect. The professor thought it would be interesting to see what would happen if they added LDA on-line normalization to the model.
The team thought that the most noisy cases were the distant microphone for testing. The noise subtraction was subtracting off speech. The model performed better without the neural network, but when it was added, it doubled the number of deletions. The professor thought that it was possible that the model was not paying attention to the neural net features.
The team thought that the VAD was doing well, but the latency was still too large. The team was concerned that the model was not performing as well on the clean version of utterances as they expected it to. The VAD used nine frames of six features from C-zero to C-five, plus the first derivatives, and it had one hundred hidden units. The model had a sixty percent error rate reduction globally.
The professor was confused by the VAD latency. The professor thought that the latency was two hundred and twenty milliseconds. The VAD was used for on-line normalization, and it was used before the delta computation, so if you add these components it went to a hundred and seventy milliseconds.
PhD C explained that the VAD was used for on-line normalization, and it was used before the delta computation. The delta at the input was two hundred and twenty milliseconds. The neural network which used nine frames added forty milliseconds to the delay.
This meeting was about conceptual design of the remote control. First, the group discussed the look and feel of the design and user interface design. Then, they discussed the components design. The team decided to use a touch-based graphical interface system, a hard plastic or some other material case to protect the remote and the locator, and a custom-designed circuit board. They also discussed the material of the case and the shape of the device. Finally, the team discussed the function of the menu button. The group decided to have a screen with music because they were looking for a specific song or a specific band or whatever
The group discussed the first thing to aim for is a fancy look and feel, followed by the easy to use factor. Next came the technologic technology and the innovations to do with that. The last thing was the easy-to-use factor, which was included in in the ease of use. The group also discussed the material of the remote control. They could use rubber, plastic, wood or titanium, but the group decided against titanium because it can only be used in the flat cases and it's really heavy. They also discussed whether they should print the fruit stuff or should the actual remote look like a fruit.
The Industrial Designer informed the team that they would be custom designing the case, probably a hard plastic or some other material case to protect the remote and the locator, and they would need to custom design a circuit board, because the circuit board had to take the button input and send it to the output so they had to design that each time. They would also need a radio sender and receiver, the iPod-style wheel, the infrared L-E-D, and a beeper or buzzer or other sort of noise thing for locating the remote.
User Interface thought it seemed silly to have someone going around and using the wheel without a screen, so they needed a screen. However, Project Manager thought it would make it silly if the screen was just an option that was just there and users were not really using it. So they decided to switch to a mode where users could choose channel control.
The team had an option of batteries, solar power, and a dynamo. The dynamo was a bicycle mechanism, which was something to do with torches. The other one was a kinetic thing where you'd basically have to wind it yourself. The team thought solar power was not available with the rubber case, and the idea of doing a wind-up was rejected by the team because it seemed a little weird for a living room. The group also discussed the possibility of using Kryptonite, which could be used to store energy on its own.
The Industrial Designer thought that they could have talked about doing a wind-up or a dynamo or a solar power, but he thought solar power was not available with the rubber case and the idea of using batteries was a little weird for a living room anyways. The Industrial Designer also mentioned that a battery was pretty cheap and most of the stuff was cheap though bought in bulk. He did not know the cost of the dynamo because he did not have enough data to actually know the exact cost. He also mentioned the possibility of using Kryptonite, which was a kinetic thing where users would basically have to wind it themselves.
The cost of the Kryptonite was not given by the team because they did not know the exact cost. The team did not have enough data on the cost of chips and chips were more expensive than others. However, they believed that the cost was not that much of a problem because the chip was probably the most expensive part and they could mass produce them pretty cheap.
This was the conceptual design meeting. First, the team discussed the design of the actual components and the availability of the components they had in stock at the moment. Then, they talked about the material and the shape of the case. They decided on a flip design and a different shape from what's normal. They also discussed the battery size and the material they would use. Finally, they discussed the function of the remote control. The team agreed that the remote should be in a standby mode to save battery life.
The team agreed on the kinetic charging, the watch-type batteries, the LCD display on the top side of the flip top, rubberised buttons on the bottom side, a flip design and a different shape from what's normal. They also decided on the body design of the remote control, the shape of the shell, the material used for the plastic shell and the material for the rubber cover. The team also reached a consensus on the battery and the case material. In terms of voice recognition, the team decided to incorporate the image of the company into it somehow and the team also agreed on leaving out the voice recognition and
The team decided on a flip design and a different shape from what's normal. They also agreed on a rubber casing for the plastic shell, a variety of designs for the rubber cover, rubberised buttons on the bottom side of the flip top, and the case itself was plastic. The team also agreed to incorporate the image of the company into the design and to use the G-U-I interface in the middle of the remote control.
According to the marketing department, the most important aspect for remote controls was fancy look and feel rather than the current functional one. They also wanted a remote control to be technologically innovative, and of course, as they predicted, it should be easy to use. Also, the market trend was fruit and vegetables were going to be the theme for clothes, shoes and furniture. Therefore, the team decided to incorporate the image of the company into the design and take inspiration from fruit colours. The team also agreed to have a G-U-I interface in the middle of the flip-top and a different shape from what's normal
The T-A double one eight three five chip, which is used in pretty much every remote controls, sends out standard signals based on your input and it's pretty much used for all all TV remotes at the moment. The batteries are standard double A and triple A batteries and the batteries are not rechargeable. The battery can be replaced by kinetic charging or by a battery that goes in a watch. There is no rechargeable option for the batteries.
Industrial Manager suggested to conserve battery life when discussing the design and availability of actual components. He suggested that the remote control should be in a standby mode no while not being used, so that it would not run out over night. This was because most people had the light on in the room anyway so they could get when when they got TV. Also, he suggested that they could incorporate voice recognition for the finding function, which would be a cool feature to have but would detract from the attractiveness of the whole feature.
The team decided to use plastic as the main case housing material and rubber as a padding or for the grip. The rubber would be made of spongy feel and rubber could be used for different fasciae for the phone. The team also discussed the availability of some of the components and found that titanium was expensive just to process and rubber was cheaper. They also agreed to use fruit and vegetable colours for the plastic shell and rubber for the rubber cover.
The main idea of the remote control was just to press buttons and it should activate things on the TV and they discussed last meeting that it should be easy to find and standardised across the board. The team discussed the availability of some of the materials and found that some of them were not available at the moment. They decided to use a combination of rubber and plastic for the case and rubber as a padding or for the grip to add to the design. They also decided to have a G-U-I-I interface in the middle of the flip-top. They would keep the standard buttons on the top and the
Marketing suggested that people could use their fingers to press the touch screen, or they could have a small pointer thing when people want to. However, Industrial Designer thought that the stylus could get lost easily. Project Manager thought that it would spoil the touch-pad very fast compared to a button like a pointer or a pencil or a pen.
Marketing mentioned that they had some mirrors in nightclubs that were mirrors when you turned to them and turned away and it gave like an advertising display when the turn of your body. The team thought that it was possible that when they opened the flip-top shell it would be a little compact mirror and when you pressed a button it would go onto the phone display thing. However, they were marketing to guys as much as they were to women so they decided to leave that one on the side.
The main idea of the remote control was just to press buttons and it should activate things on the TV and they discussed last meeting that it should be easy to find. In this study, the team had looked into the availability of some of the materials, which they thought were a bit bulky at the moment. They were also looking into battery options, but there was no rechargeable option available.
The new remote would be different from the normal ones because it would have a flip design and a different shape from what's normal. It would also have a G-U-I interface in the middle of the flip-top. The material that they would be using would be cheap, so they could use rubber as a padding or for the grip. Besides, it would be made of plastic and rubber.
The team agreed on the battery, kinetic charging, the watch-type batteries, LCD display on the top side of the flip top, rubberised buttons on the bottom side, the case itself was plastic, and the company logo would be incorporated in the design. The team also agreed to use fruit and vegetable colours for the rubber cover, and keep the standard buttons standardised because that's the most common feature across all models.
This was the first meeting of the team to generate some ideas about the product they were going to develop. Project Manager started the meeting by introducing the project plan. The product would have a selling price of 25 Euros and a production cost of 12.5 Euros. The profit they were looking for for this product was 50 million Euros, which was quite a number. The team would focus on the international market, so the product would be sold in more than one country. Industrial Designer gave a presentation about technical issues which he would like to present to the team before the discussion. User Interface and User Interface Designer gave presentations about how the remote
User Interface suggested that the remote control should work on different TVs or even different devices. Industrial Designer thought it should be a universal remote control for customers to buy just new in a store. However, infrared might be an issue because lots of devices already use infrared. User Interface also suggested that infrared should not consume too much power because it was annoying if users needed to change the batteries every other week.
User Interface thought that the remote control should work on different TVs or even different devices. User Interface also suggested that infrared was not hot technical stuff anymore, so infrared should be restricted to infrared.
Industrial Designer thought that a modern remote control should control a diverse subset of equipment, for instance, D-V-D players, cell phones, video and audio equipment. In addition, there should be some interoperabi interoperability between them.
User Interface suggested that infrared was old-fashioned and Bluetooth was not hot technical stuff anymore and infrared was not cost-effective. Industrial Designer thought infrared and Bluetooth could come in handy and suggested that one remote control should control one or more pieces of equipment. User Interface also suggested that the remote control could work on different TVs or even different devices. Project Manager thought infrared should be restricted to the range and infrared should not consume too much power.
Industrial Designer suggested that infrared was not really hot technical stuff anymore, so infrared should be replaced by Bluetooth. In addition, he suggested that one remote control should control a diverse subset of equipment, for instance cell phones, video and audio equipment. In this way, there should be some interoperabi interoperability between them.
User Interface thought Bluetooth might be a problem because it used a lot of energy. All the TVs were equipped with infrared, which was more cost-effective.