The main discussion points of the meeting were about the progress of the recording project and the potential collaboration with other research areas. The team was trying to figure out a way to speed up the recording process and reduce the number of speaker overlaps. The professor wanted to know if it was possible to detect speaker overlap by hand. The group also discussed how to deal with acoustic events in the overlapping zone and how to reduce the effect of the far-field effect.
The meeting participants agreed that it would be a good idea to have someone else look at the transcripts to get a sense of the timestamps and see if there was a systematic way to mark speaker overlap. It would also be helpful to know when speaker overlap occurred so that the team could remove it.
PhD D informed the team that in twelve minutes, he had transcribed 1,000 acoustic events, which he considered to be overlapping speech. There were seventy-five overlapping events in the first twelve minutes. PhD D was not sure how many overlaps there were in the second half of the session. The professor wanted to know if it was possible to detect speaker overlap by hand. The team thought it would be a good idea to do so.
There have been twelve hours of recordings recorded so far. Ten of the recordings have been sent to IBM for transcribbling. The remaining twelve hours have been spent transcribing the first half of a morning meeting on the front-end issues for the network services and applications group, which has agreed to have their meetings recorded on Tuesdays.
The team had started recording the front-end issues of a network services and applications group and was recording more meetings on Tuesdays. The team thought that it would be a good idea to collect overlapping zone data, which would allow them to test different parameters to detect overlapping. The professor suggested that the team could also run experiments to see if they could detect overlapping more accurately.
This meeting was mainly about the conceptual design of the remote control. First of all, Industrial Designer, User Interface and Marketing each gave a presentation on the components of a remote control, and then Project Manager asked Industrial Designer and User Interface to give a presentation about the basic look and feel, component design and cost-effectiveness. Then, Marketing and Project Manager had a discussion about the current market trends. They both agreed that the market trend right now was organic fruit and vegetable kind of thing, so it would be a good idea to use a round remote control in favour of voice recognition. After that, the group discussed the material of the case, the shape of the casing, the battery and the energy source. Then they discussed the cost of different styles of cases for different people. Finally, they decided to stick with the same basic non-remote-looking remote control with voice recognition as their main selling point.
User Interface suggested that the remote control could be slightly larger than a regular iPod with a hard plastic casing and a round remote control that could be a paperweight or a sleek little neat thing that sits on the table or something. Industrial Designer suggested that they could use a spinning wheel with an LCD display like on the iPod. User Interface also suggested the use of recognisable colours and shapes to aid recognition of the features such as red for power, arrows for different volume up and down and channels ups and downs. Marketing proposed to use visible light coming out of the remote, just as a fun gimmick.
Industrial Design thought that they needed to escape the traditional shape of a remote control and have a round remote control that looked nice on a table even though it was hand-held at the same time. They could have a duck tape casing and use rubber as the material for the case. The rubber was more durable and could be used for the most basic functions.
The User Interface suggested that they could get away from the idea of having a hand-held remote control and have a round remote control that looked like a paperweight or something like that, kind of a sleek little neat thing that sits on the table or something. They could also add in some stupid little jokes with the voice recognition idea like the toastie maker that they got from the bank.
Marketing thought the touch screen would be the most marketable feature because it was new and it was showing up in other places. However, Industrial Designer thought it would cost upwards of seventeen fifty Euro per remote to produce each one. Project Manager agreed that they should have a simple kind of function, not too complex. Industrial Designer suggested that if they were not going to go the touch-screen route, they could just incorporate something that folds out, like what you often see on these kinds of remotes is the most basic functions up here, and something that slides down to reveal the more complicated things. User Interface suggested that they could use a rubber as part of the case, which had a consistency of stress balls.
The Marketing thought that the touch screen was the most marketable feature of the remote control because it was new and showed up in other places. However, the Project Manager pointed out that it was the main cost source of the budget, so they had to choose between it or voice recognition. The Marketing thought voice recognition was more fiscally solvent, so it was better to give up on touch screen.
The Industrial Design thought that the remote control should be shaped like a paperweight, which could be carried on the table or on the back of a chair. However, the User Interface thought that it would be a good selling point if it could be put anywhere in the room and could not be picked up. So the Industrial Design agreed with the User interface.
This was the first meeting of the new remote control project. Project Manager started the meeting with an introduction of the team members and the team got acquainted with each other. Industrial Designer and User Interface were the first to give an introduction to each other and then Project Manager introduced the general plan for the project and a general plan on how they were going to go about accomplishing the project. Then the team brainstormed about what the basic function of the remote control would be and what the user's requirements would be. After that, the team discussed the trade-off between the size and functionality of the product. They agreed that the product should be multifunctional, but at the same time, it should not be too confusing. Then they discussed the details of the detailed design.
Project Manager was not sold on the idea of selling the remote for twenty-five Euros, which was like forty bucks for a remote that could do the laundry for him or her. Project Manager thought that the profit aim should be fifty million Euros internationally, which would be a hundred percent profit on the remote.
User Interface assumed that they were building a stand-alone remote control, so they could not build it into other products. Industrial Designer suggested that they could make a remote with changeable faces, like the faces that you can buy for phones. Project Manager agreed and suggested that a locator device could be added to help users to find their remote control. Marketing thought that it would be a good idea to have a simple button that could be pressed on the television to help people find it, but Industrial Designer thought that smaller's better.
The Project Manager thought that the remote control should be made of a nice material so that it would not be too cheap and low quality. Also, the Project Manager mentioned that they should be careful about the marketing of this remote control because some of the users might not be into this whole new design and would be used to buttons.
Industrial Designer pointed out that the appearance design should be paid due attention when discussing the user interface because so many of the remotes were cheap and low quality. The remote control should be made out of a nice material so that it would not be easy to be lost. Industrial Designer also proposed that the remote control could have a locator device to help users find it.
The Industrial Designer recommended to have a locator device on the remote control to help users find it when they were lost, and a remote with changeable faces so that users could flip around all sorts of different things. Besides, the Industrial Designer also suggested to patent the idea of the multi plate and to come up with a fuzzy one as well.
Marketing proposed that they should be careful of exactly who they're marketing their product to because some people might not be into the new remote control because they were used to the buttons. Industrial Designer suggested that they could design a locator device to help users to find their remote control. Project Manager agreed and suggested that a remote with changeable faces could be a good idea. User Interface suggested that the remote control could be made out of a nice material so that it would not be too complicated.
Project Manager started the meeting by making the minutes of the previous meeting and then Industrial Designer, User Interface, Marketing and Project Manager each gave a presentation about the working of the remote control. After that, Project Manager had a discussion with Marketing and User Interface about the functional requirements of the new product. Then, Industrial Designer presented on the findings of the market research. The market research showed that the younger group was more critical on their money spending and spent their money more easily, while the older group spent more money on the product. Therefore, the group decided to make a basic remote control, just swapping channels and volume and power button and nothing much more. The group also discussed whether to have more functions on the remote, like more devices you can influence, like a radio or a video recorder, or only the LCD screen. Then the group discussed the costs of these features.
Industrial Designer thought that the remote control was not so expensive because there were not so many wires to connect the components in it, the battery, and there were switches and things like that. There were a lot of small electronics, so it would not be too expensive to build it. The remote control would send the signal to the chip and the chip would send it to all kind of sub-components. After that, it would be sent to the infrared and sent to your television.
Project Manager asked Industrial Designer about the working of the remote control. Industrial Designer thought that if they aimed at the younger people and there were a lot of features like LCD or the speech recognising, the cost would be a lot higher. So they should only put one battery on it and use only plastic. Also, they should not make it too big and not too many buttons. The remote control could be made to work on all televisions.
Industrial Designer proposed that they could make a trendy remote control with all red, yellow and something else on it, so that people could put a red cover on it. However, this would add to the cost as they would have to have just one cover on the original one, and then people could buy the covers. Also, Industrial Designer thought it would be a little more difficult to design, but not too much.
User Interface thought the technical function design was for a remote control to have some influence on the TV set, both audio and vide video in a cordless way. It all by pushing a button on the remote. However, User Interface was not sure if it would make profit enough.
Marketing did a usability lab-test with a hundred people and found that most users disliked the look and feel of current remote controls and found it hard to learn how to use it. Also, fifty percent of the users only use ten percent of buttons and there were a lot of unused buttons. The most used button was the channel selection, followed by power, volume and channel selections. The teletext was less relevant but also important. The audio, the screen and the brightness were not used very often. The design of the remote control was very important.
User Interface thought it would be quite easy to use to have four arrows for channel selection, up-down for volume and left-right for volume, and a menu button. Marketing thought speech recognition was an interesting idea, but older users would not like it because they were scared of change. Project Manager thought zapping should be very easy and less important functions should be discarded from the remote control.
Firstly, Project Manager mentioned that they don't need the teletext anymore, which was not necessary. Secondly, the age group of forty plus is a big group and not very many people buy their stuff. Thirdly, teletext is a good option, but not everyone who is looking TV can go to the internet when they want to see the latest news. Fourthly, the corporate colour and slogan must be used for the design.
This was the functional design meeting of the project. The main focus of this meeting was going through each of the presentations that the team members had been preparing during the time. First of all, Project Manager briefly discussed the new project requirements that were sent to the team. Then, Industrial Designer, User Interface, and Project Manager each gave a presentation on the working design of the remote control. After that, the team had a general discussion about the target group and functions of the new remote control, and then they had a brief discussion about how to incorporate the latest features in the product design at a technical level. Finally, the meeting ended with a questionnaire and some sort of summary.
Industrial Designer first gave a presentation on working design, technical functions, functional requirements and user interface design. User Interface then gave an overview of technical functions design, working design of the remote control and suggested some conventions to make it easy to use. Project Manager then asked Industrial Designer, User Interface and Marketing to give presentations on target group and functional requirements. After that, Project Manager asked the group to complete a questionnaire and summarizing their presentations.
Project Manager thought that if they were using more advanced technology, it might increase the price, so they needed to operate within their constraints and keep the design as simple and clear as possible to upgrade the technology at a future point of time. Besides, Project Manager believed that they could incorporate the latest features in the chip design, so that their remote control would not become outdated soon and it would be compatible with most televisions.
When the group was discussing the functional requirements of the remote control, they all agreed that it was important to keep it close to them so that they could not accidentally lose it by throwing it out of the window or something. They also agreed that a beeper button on the TV would beep to let them know where their remote control was and they could come to know where it was.
The group agreed that the remote control should be sleek, stylish, functional and user-friendly. They wanted it to be easy to use and follow some conventions, such as where to find the on-off button and the colour tends to be red. They also agreed that voice recognition was something to be considered, but they did not want to add all the complicated functions.
Marketing pointed out that people of the age group of fifteen to twenty-five year olds had a higher disposable income because they didn't have commitments and didn't normally have a mortgage, a car or a life insurance policy. They also didn't usually have a car and all those things. However, Project Manager thought that twenty five Euros as a price was not unaffordable for young people. In fact, it was seventy-six percent of people between twenty five to thirty five year olds.
Project Manager thought that they should try to incorporate voice recognition because ninety one percent of fifteen to twenty-five year olds said that they would pay more for a voice recognition remote control. However, Industrial Designer was not very sure about how to go about implementing it because one of the things Industrial Designer pointed out was how they would implement it. Marketing thought that it would be annoying for the television to understand what they were saying because of the noise factor for the remote control, but Project Manager thought it would solve the problem of having different noises.
The whole meeting was focused on the functional design of the new remote control project. First, User Interface gave a presentation about User Interface and current intentions and everything which was linked with this topic. Then, Marketing, Industrial Designer and User Interface each gave presentations on their respective fields of expertise in marketing, industrial design and user interface design respectively. After that, Project Manager asked the team to have a lunch break and then they would meet again for individual work. The team then discussed the technical aspects of the remote control. Industrial Designer introduced the working design of remote control, which was a portable device which would send message to the main device like TV. The remote control would have some energy source, some buttons, a screen with a back light which could change colours, and a digital signal processing chip. It would have the infrared L-E-D source which sent the information to the
Marketing suggested that instead of deciding what could be and what should be a good remote control, users should ask people who are users of remote controls how they feel about the current remote controls, what they like and dislike about them, and what they do with them. User Interface proposed that they should design a universal remote control with few buttons and all other things can be controlled through the screen. Marketing agreed and proposed to carry out some research if they really need this, like how many people really need to go to channel number twenty five and then to sixty four?
Marketing learned that channel selection was very important, very often used and indeed very relevant. Volume was not often used but people wanted to have control on volume and that made sense. The power button was not used often because in general you use it only once per session, but it was very relevant and people want to have a power button. And most of the buttons on current remote controls were not used, so Marketing thought they should design something where those buttons which were used should be easier to see and use than others that only a couple of people were using.
Marketing thought they should aim at the young people because they were those who might be more interested in a new device. However, as the age went up, the relevance went down, so it really depended on the kind of targeting. If they were targeting young people, it was probably something they had to consider, but if they are targeting very old people, they really didn't know why they should be so.
Marketing first gave a presentation about technical function design. User Interface was responsible for User Interface Design. Industrial Designer and User Interface gave presentations on working design and technical functions design respectively. They discussed the basic function of remote control which was sending some message to the device, like TV or VCR or DVDR player. Then they discussed the working design of the remote control, mainly the energy source like the battery, the user interface like the keypad and buttons, the chip, the digital signal processing chip and the switch in the main device to do particular operations. They agreed to have speech recogniser on the chip and to have a back light which changed colours to make it easier to find.
User Interface proposed to design a simple remote control with few buttons, a back light which could change colours, and a menu which could be controlled with a left, right, up, down and enter. All these buttons should be easy to find and to click, so that users could do it by touching it and finding it easily just by touch. The user interface also proposed to include two nice features into this device, first, power on and off can be made fully automatic and second, volume control can be implemented.
User Interface proposed that users could set up their TV set like four or five channels, and they would never have to go to a twenty-five channel. Marketing thought it was not so easy to go when there were hundreds of channels. Industrial Designer thought volume and decrease or increase could be recognized by voice recognition. Project Manager thought automatic on off control was not possible because different criteria for different people.
Industrial Designer introduced that the basic function of remote control was sending some message to the device, like TV or VCR or DVD player. The remote control would have an infrared signal processing chip which would take care of all these functions and put it in some digital format. Then it would have the infrared L-E-D source which sent the information to the main device. Then there would be a switch in the remote control to do particular operations, and different codes for different TVs would be used for doing channel changing and these things. Speech recogniser could be implemented.
Marketing conducted a survey about whether people would like or not to have this kind of functionality in their remote control and found that it really depends on the age. Young people, probably because it's a buzz word, find it very relevant and as the age goes up, the relevance goes down. However, Project Manager thought automatic on-off control was not possible. Speech recognition could be implemented in the next step if the team could make it work. Industrial Designer thought speech recogniser can be implemented but it depends on who are they targeting with this remote control. User Interface thought it was a conceptual question and Industrial Designer agreed.
The group decided that the automatic power on and off could be made fully automatic when users went to the sofa, took the remote control and pointed it to the TV, the TV turned on and it turned off when users were out of the room for enough time. However, the project manager pointed out that different criteria for different people were different, so it would be difficult to implement automatic power control for different users.
The meeting was mainly about the progress of the belief-net project. The team was making good progress on the construction of the model, and was getting close to the end of the demo phase. However, there was still a lot of work to be done, especially on the parsing and the generation of parsers. There was also some discussion about how to deal with syntactic differences between different languages. The meeting ended with a brief update on the status of the project and a plan for the summer.
The meeting was mainly about the progress of the belief-net project. The team was making good progress on the construction of the model, and was getting close to the end of the demo phase. However, there was still a lot of work to be done, especially on the parsing and the generation of parsers. There was also some discussion about how to deal with syntactic differences between different languages. The meeting ended with a brief update on the status of the project and a plan for the summer.
The SmartKom system did not know the correct pronunciation of the word "I". It also did not recognize the position of the front of the car when it was facing the direction of the user, and it was hard for the system to distinguish between small scale spaces that the user could manipulate versus large scale environmental spaces. The professor suggested that the team should look into this problem.
The system would be able to give a sensible answer when someone asked it what SmartKom was. It could also be used to answer questions from the street, such as "where's the midpoint?". The team would have to figure out how to fit deeper stuff into the demo, for example, the ability to remap distant space into nearby space.
After the demo, the team would shift gears substantially and work would begin on the formalization of the belief-net. The plan was for the team to step back from the applied project and focus on the basic issues. The team would work on the construction parser for general constructions and generate a rough representation of the ontology of the system.
The whole meeting was about the conceptual design of the remote control. First of all, Industrial Designer and User Interface gave a presentation on the components they would use for energy, and the material and interface. Then, Marketing, User Interface, and Project Manager each gave a talk on the topic related to the current trends in the market. After that, Project Manager and Industrial Designer discussed the technical specifications and how easy they could do and within the budget range, like 12 Euros or around that. Then they discussed the specific features of their remote control, like the speech recognition chip and buttons and some themes like fruits or vegetables. Finally, the group decided to design a new remote control with few buttons and a spongy and fruity appearance.
Industrial Designer first gave a presentation on the components of the remote control, including energy, material and interface, and then the group discussed the battery, push buttons, LCD display and speech recognition technology. The group agreed to use titanium as the material and to use push buttons and LCD display instead of plastic or rubber. They also agreed to stick with two batteries so it would not be solar and not any solar energy. Then the group talked about the location technology of remote control.
The industrial designer recommended to use push buttons instead of LCD because it was lesser and less expensive compared to LCD which needed advanced chip technology and it was more expensive. Besides, the industrial designer also recommended to go for titanium design instead of rubber because they can't use double-curved shapes in manufacturing.
The user interface designer proposed that the remote control could be made with a backlight of the LCD screen with different colours so that it could reflect different colours depending on what colour was around and depending on the temperature. In addition, it could also record the kind of channels users were more often using and levels of volumes that they're more often consuming.
User Interface developed a broad concept not only for the interface, but for possible instruction or user's manual and all the complex things that come together with TV and remote controls. They had a perfect remote control with a lot of buttons and explained for every button. It would take users some days to learn all the buttons and the LCD was going to be somewhere here and go back button. The remote control could come in several colours and everyone would be satisfied.
Marketing believed that there were two kinds of people. Those for which the remote control was to be something useful and those for which it was something specific to them so it was like a signature. The young people wanted to be different from their friends. Therefore, they would be ready to pay more for that.
The marketing expert believed that there were two kinds of users, those for which the remote control was to be something useful and others for which it should be something specific to them so that it would be like a signature. The young people would not be able to use it because their father didn't want it, while the old people would be willing to pay more for it because it would make them special.
According to Marketing, there were three aspects that they should pay much attention to in the market of remote controls. The first one was fancy, it had to have a fancy look and feel. The second thing was technologically innovative it has to be technologically innovative with some of the new technology inside. The third thing was to be useful as a remote control but it was not so important that it was useful as remote control.
Marketing learned that the trends were quite the same in many areas. For instance, in big cities like Paris and Milan, it seemed that this year things should have a fruit and vegetable way of look or feel. Marketing also learned that it could travel from clothing to furniture and the same idea applied to everything. In addition, the marketing learned that people would be willing to pay more for a remote control that was spongy.
Marketing suggested that the remote control should be spongy and fruity. Industrial Designer and User Interface agreed and Industrial Designer proposed to make the backlight of the LCD screen with different colours. Marketing also suggested that they could make the case in a fruit-shaped shape and use titanium as the material. However, Project Manager pointed out that titanium was expensive and they could only use it in the case. The group agreed to explore the two options.
This was the final meeting of the detailed design of the remote control project. Project Manager firstly gave a brief evaluation of the whole process of production and design that they had been through. Then, Industrial Designer, User Interface and Marketing gave a presentation about the prototype presentation and evaluation criteria. After that, the team had a discussion about how to evaluate each feature of the product and how to make it attractive to look at. Finally, Project Manager evaluated the project and gave them a score of seven out of ten.
Marketing made a list of user requirements and things that the team had done and then made a seven-point scale to evaluate each one of them. The average score was six out of seven, with a maximum score of seven. The team agreed to give seven points for each feature of the remote control, except for the location function, which was only given one point for it. Besides, the team also agreed to get rid of the locator and the sample speaker.
When assessing the criteria of matching the operating behaviour of the user, Marketing thought that the remote control was more for right-handed people than for left-handed, but Project Manager thought it was not such a big problem because left-hand people were already used to discrimination anyway. Therefore, Project Manager agreed with Marketing and gave seven out of ten points to the product for meeting the criteria.
Industrial Designer thought it was intuitive because it was the way people were used to finding things and it was obvious how to use it. User Interface agreed that it was easy to use, but it was not the immediate thing that people are used to. But otherwise it was superb. So they gave it a seven out of ten.
Project Manager firstly went over the prototype presentation and the evaluation criteria. Then Project Manager asked the team to look at the production cost of the remote control. The team agreed that they would have to cut some things down because of the budget, but they could get around them by sending all the manufacturing to a poor country and cutting some of the prices that way. Then they discussed the budget of the sample sensor and the locator, and they agreed to get rid of the former and keep the latter.
Marketing agreed with group mates that the spinning wheel with LCD display was not a great difference from the traditional spinning wheel, but the scroll wheel was cool and the two buttons on the side were not too many, so it would not be a big problem for left-handed people to use it. Besides, the group mates agreed that there was no need for the locator, which was a bit of a gimmick anyway.
Industrial Designer thought that they lost the locator because they got rid of a gimmick that was not a great difference, but the group mates disagreed with him because they kept all the features, such as voice recognition, LCD display, and the scroll wheel. Besides, Industrial Designer thought it was intuitive because it was only for right-handed people, and left-hand people can't normally do most things right-hand.
Project Manager started the meeting by going over the last meeting of the last one. Industrial Designer and User Interface gave a presentation on the prototype of the remote control based on the previous meeting. Then, Project Manager led a discussion about the project process and the satisfaction for room for creativity and how that all worked. After that, the group discussed the project evaluation, which was mainly about cutting corners and the overall process of the project. Finally, Industrial Designer, User Interface, and Project Manager gave a final report on the whole meeting, which summarized the whole process.
The group discussed some problems from the past meetings, such as not having enough material for the pull-out panel and not being able to switch away from the solar cells or take out the back-up battery. They finally reached a compromise and agreed to move ahead with the project without the solar cell, though they would have to set up a call center for that one percent when people were calling and saying that their remote wasn't working.
The Industrial Design thought that it would be better to keep the back-up battery as it was integral to the theme of the remote, but the User Interface insisted that it was better to get rid of the whole cell battery idea as it would upset the customers, so the Industrial Designer agreed to keep it.
The Project Manager thought that the Industrial Designer and User Interface had done a good job in adding slides to their presentations. However, the Marketing thought that Industrial Designer's slides were all blank and did not have a title. The Project Manager also noticed that User Interface only added five slides to his or her presentations.
Marketing thought it was a great experience for the team to try out new technologies, like the internet and the slide-out panel. User Interface and Industrial Designer agreed that the team had a great time during the meeting. Marketing thought the team was very creative and creative with the paging function, and User Interface thought they had come up with a natural look for the remote control. However, Industrial Designer was a bit disappointed about the loss of the solar panel, which was a set-back for the project, but it could be rectified in the next meeting. Project Manager thought the meeting went well and the team seemed to have a good teamwork.
The Industrial Design and the User Interface thought that they had a great teamwork during the previous meetings. The Project Manager asked if they felt like there was enough teamwork in all the meetings and they all agreed that there was. They were never able to get too far off track because the information came in at the right time and filled in the gaps enough. They had enough room to make things up on their own, which was kind of fun.
The Project Manager thought that the team members were too focused on the project at the moment and not enough on the actual building work. The Industrial Designer and User Interface agreed with the Project Manager that there was a lot of room for creativity in the project, especially in the brainstorming phase. However, the User Interface and Industrial Designer thought that they could not get rid of the push buttons because they were integral to the theme of the project and it would take extensive marketing to bring the product to market.
The meeting began with a brief introduction of the project, which was about building a belief-net that could infer intention from features in context. The team discussed how they could build a belief net that would be able to distinguish between different types of intentions, like "going to see the city hall" and "tango with it". The meeting ended with a discussion about how the team could figure out which of the three intentions were most likely based on the data.
The team decided that the recording equipment would be a combination of table top microphones and close talking and far field microphones. The microphone would be placed on the table top, while the far field would be in the near field. The team would be recording in parallel with the close-talking and the far-talking at the same time. The professor wanted to make sure that everyone was wearing the right amount of earplugs.
C thought that it would be a good idea to set up the recording equipment in the meeting room so that people could wear wireless headphones when they were not in the room. C also wanted to make sure that everyone would sign the consent form before entering the room, so that no one could edit the data.
A thought that it would be a good idea to set up the recording equipment so that people could not edit each other's voices during the recording. He also wanted to make sure that everyone would wear a wireless headset and that no one would be able to read the digit strings.
The group discussed the experimental setup of the computer navigation system. The first phase of the experiment consisted of a series of tasks that the user had to solve, followed by a brief dialogue with a human operator. The participants were told that the computer system would know exactly where they were, but would not be able to tell them the exact location of the building they were looking for. The second phase involved a set of tasks, in which the user would be told the location of a building and told how to get to it. The third phase was about getting information about the history of an object, and the fourth was about taking a picture of it. Finally, the group discussed how the data would be processed.
B thought that the experimental setup of the computer navigation system was a good starting point for further research. He wanted to start with a toy system to get a clearer notion of what input would be needed for the model. He also wanted to figure out what the contextual factors of the situation were and how the model would interpret them.
D thought that the experimental setup of the computer navigation system was pretty simple. The user was told that the computer system knew exactly where he or she was, via GPS, but when the human operator came on, the GPS failed and the user had to tell the person where he/she was based on what the user was seeing on the screen. D thought that it would be interesting to collect more detailed data about the user's intentions.
The meeting with Huw Irranca-Davies, Jo-Anne Daniels and Owain Lloyd was about the Welsh Government's childcare offer. It was mainly about the phase-out of the scheme in the early implementer local authority areas in Wales, as well as the plan to roll it out in Cardiff and Newport and other more expensive areas by 2020. The meeting also discussed the issue of the cost of the programme, which was estimated to be around £4.50 per hour. The group also talked about the programme's impact on childcare provision for children with complex needs, and the issues of transport out on trips or food or snacks and things like this. Finally, the meeting concluded with a discussion about the future roll-out, which would be carried out in phases.
Huw Irranca-Davies thought it was a mixed bag, but he was glad they had done it through this process of early implementer, actually piloting it, because they were learning lessons as they went along. It had gone well, to the extent that they were at the point where they were expanding some of the early implementinger areas so they could learn more lessons. But in terms of what they're learning, one was the bureaucracy around the current approach that they're taking, because it was being done on the seven early implementers. They were asking parents to come in, provide their wage slips, provide the birth certificates, and so on. The burden of administration on that was falling to each pilot area. The other big challenge they were hitting was communication.
Huw Irranca-Davies thought that the biggest one was the bureaucracy around the current approach that they were taking, because it was being done on the seven early implementers. There were elements of a childcare offer within the tax offer, within universal credit, within working tax credit. And the burden of administration on that was falling to each pilot area. The other big challenge they were hitting was communication. One of the lessons that they had learnt from the Talk Childcare communication strategy alongside this was the importance of communicating to parents and providers who the parents went to what was best for them to access, how they access it easily, and they would learn more as these pilots roll by.
Huw Irranca-Davies AM answered that it would not cause a problem across Wales, for there were some economic issues and some cultural issues. However, what they were learning was that they were only rolling out to areas where they now needed to learn a lesson about whether it was rurality or, as it would be within the densely urban areas, where the cost might be slightly higher, and that was allowing them to have the confidence that they would have the full roll-out by 2020.
Huw Irranca-Davies AM said that the childcare offer was not only to provide childcare, but also to cover the wider aspects that came with this. The programme would be diverse in its provision around areas. There would be 10 hours of the foundation years, educational input, which was there for everybody within the programme. The government was confident in the roll-out of the programme, backed by £60 million of capital money behind it, in terms of capital development of childcare facilities, and backed by a 10-year workforce development plan for childcare. Moreover, Huw Iraˈrana-davies believed that the focus of this scheme was very much on registered and licensed providers, and it was designed to enable parents to go into work, not into training.
According to Huw Irranca-Davies, there were registered, licensed, inspected grandparents who looked after other people's children in a little group of four or five or six or seven, but also their own grandchildren. However, the focus of this scheme was very much on registered licensed providers, which could be registered and licensed, than simply informal grandparents or aunts or uncles.
Huw Irranca-Davies thought it was realistic to think that the foundational sector can provide that level of staffing in the next two to three years, because they had several things going on at once in terms of how they monitor and assess the development of this roll-out. The feedback that they were getting from the childcare providers themselves, on the basis of identifying where either the gaps in the workforce or the physical facilities were, was that they could do this because they were putting the money in, they had the strategy for the workforce development, and it was not going to be the same in all parts of Wales.
Huw Irranca-Davies AM suggested that in future, any Minister, any committee, would want to come back and look at is the hourly rate, as one element of the scheme, appropriate to the current financial challenges for the sector, and not least, by the way, as they try not only to develop the workforce, but also develop the career pathways through this as well. Huw Irarena-D Davies AM added that it was not a pure hard data-driven analysis that said, "Here we've calculated everything and this is the rate that will satisfy it", because they recognised that there's great diversity in provision out there, and they also recognised that things would change over time.
Huw Irranca-Davies thought that it was important to design a scheme where they were not heaping on disadvantage or where there was exploitation of disadvantaged families. The fact was that parents, including those who were on lower incomes, were used to currently discriminating between providers, not only with childcare settings but also within school settings as well, where very often schools now would say, 'We're doing something extra'
Huw Irranca-Davies thought that the pilots in Cardiff and Newport were having real-life impacts on parents, including in disadvantaged families, and they were learning lessons as they went along. The government was confident that the £4.50 was a contribution towards the wraparound childcare element but it didn't cover the issues of things like transport out on trips or food or snacks and things like this. The pilot was going to be rolling out progressively, but with all 22 authorities, working with them on their childcare sufficiency assessments to identify where their shortages were.
Huw Irranca-Davies admitted that one of the main outcomes of this policy would be the academic performance of children, hopefully, later on in life. However, the Children's Commissioner for Wales and others had raised the concern that the most disadvantaged—those from workless households were being excluded from this policy. Huw Iraˈranca-davies explained that they were learning from the pilots that it was having real-life impacts on parents, including in disadvantaged families, and they were having this fed back from the ground, where parents were making different choices in the areas where it was being piloted. It was already having an effect: the majority of parents who were taking advantage of this were actually in those groups that were below the average wage, who were making positive choices to get into this offer and to either expand, take more hours, adjust their own lifestyles around it or more.
Huw Irranca-Davies thought that the Flying Start scheme was having real-life impacts on parents, including in disadvantaged families, and they were having this fed back from the ground, where parents were making different choices in the areas where it was being piloted. They were having people who were telling us that they were making the choice to go to work earlier because this was extended to three-year-olds, but they would have delayed. There was a direct outcome if this childcare offer enabled somebody to go a year earlier back into work and bring income into the family.
Huw Irranca-Davies suggested some ways to ensure the high qualification and quality of the workforce while the rates remained at £4.50. First of all, he pointed out that they were focused very much on registered inspected providers, as opposed to every Tom, Dick and Harriet. Secondly, they had engaged with the 22 authorities, not just the pilot areas, on their childcare sufficiency assessments to identify where their shortages were. Moreover, they were identifying not only broadly at a national level where they needed to develop those qualifications, but also at a regional, geographic level.
The meeting was mainly about the prototype of the new remote control. First of all, Industrial Designer and User Interface gave a presentation on the prototype. Then, Project Manager asked the team to evaluate the product based on their own evaluation criteria. After that, Marketing, User Interface, and Industrial Designer each gave an average rating on the product. The average rating was a negative one. The team agreed that the product was technologically innovative and looked good, but it did not contain many new features and was not aimed for all customers. The product was for the younger group and could not get lost easily.
User Interface introduced the prototype of the remote control. The prototype was yellow with big buttons and everything was blue except the power button and the mute button. The joystick was for the volume and the channels and the rest was hard plastic. The company logo was on the rub rubber part. The remote control could still operate all the things because users didn't always use the menu and it could break.
Marketing designed a seven-point scale from true to false based on the marketing strategy, the latest trends and user preferences. On base of each criteria, the team would give a rating. Then, they would agree on the rating together and count an average of all the rating on each item of the product.
Marketing thought the product was technologically innovative, but it did not contain many new features and was aimed at the younger market. Industrial Designer thought it looked fancy with a fancy look-and-feel. User Interface thought the colour of the remote control looked like a pistol and it was not aimed for all customers as it was only aimed at half of the people. The team agreed on the average of all the rating, which was a two.
Project Manager thought that when they lost one scroll-wheel, it would be okay because they could not lose the battery, the advanced chip and the double curve. However, they had to change something because they would lose the joystick, push-buttons and the special colour. Industrial Designer suggested that they could use only rubber or only plastic. Project Manager thought it was too expensive. Then Project Manager proposed to keep the LCD, but Industrial Designer pointed out that it was not a good design and the LCD was not up-to-date.
Project Manager thought the creativity of the team was good enough and they aimed for the younger market. The drawing was very difficult and new ideas were not found. The team agreed that the SMARTboard brought up new ideas when they worked with it and it was a fancy look-and-feel. They had not too many buttons and it did not get lost easily. They calculated an average of all the rating on each item and in the end, they gave a score of 2.5 out of 7.
The whole meeting followed the same structure as last time, with each of the team members giving their presentations on what they had been up to. Then, Industrial Designer, User Interface and Marketing each gave a brief introduction to the insides of the remote control. After that, the team discussed the components' properties, materials, the user interface, the product evaluation and any trends that the Marketing had been watching. The team finally reached a consensus that LCDs were definitely the way to go because of style and they would incorporate voice recognition as well as environment-friendly LCDs into the product. Then the team talked about the buttons and the shape of the case. The case would be curved on one side and flat flat on the other side, and the buttons would be flipped into each other. They would have push-buttons on the outside and then on the inside an LCD with spinning wheel and they were incorporating voice recognition
Industrial Designer, User Interface and Marketing gave presentations on remote components, user interface and market trends respectively. Industrial Designer gave a brief introduction to the insides of the remote control and discussed the various components, including the chip, the case, the LCD display, the buttons, the programmable speech and the scroll wheel. User Interface then gave a presentation on the user interface concept and user preferences. Marketing then presented on market trends, such as fruit and vegetable clip art as an inspiration for clothes, shoes and furniture. The market trend was that people wanted something new, technologically innovative and different, so the whole idea with the LCDs and the spinning and the colours and the voice recognition was quite the thing to go for.
Industrial Designer thought that the scroll wheel was like the iPod, in that instead of going down, users just spin it and go round. It was fast if users wanted to search for a lot of stuff. However, the wheels that click on the side were much slower.
When presenting the market trends, the Marketing mentioned that people wanted something new, technologically innovative and different, so the whole idea with the LCDs and the spinning and the colours and the voice recognition was quite the thing to go for. Besides, a screen on the remote control would probably cut down their time on that because remotes do tend to get thrown about a bit and interrupt the picture on the screen, which was the issue there.
Industrial Designer first gave a brief introduction to the components' properties, materials, the user interface and any trends that the Marketing Expert had been watching. Then the group discussed the key remote control concepts, including the shape of the case, the LCD display, the buttons, the programmable speech and the push-buttons. The group finally reached a consensus that LCDs were definitely the way to go because of style and they could incorporate voice recognition as well.
Marketing thought wood was not practical for a table, but for a remote control, and Industrial Designer thought it just didn't make any sense. User Interface pointed out that thin and thin was likely to break, and rubber or plastic was more suitable for the remote control. Project Manager thought rubber was more spongy and rubber was not very cleanable.
Industrial Designer thought that the push-buttons were out of fashion and out of trend, but User Interface argued that for the channel numbers, they still needed them. Project Manager agreed and added that for LCD displays, users could select almost everything on the LCD display, but it was more time-consuming.
This was a scrutiny session with a focus on higher and further education. First of all, Kirsty Williams, Cabinet Secretary for Education, Eluned Morgan, Minister for Welsh Language and Lifelong Learning, and Huw Morris, who is the group director of skills, higher education and lifelong learning, answered a series of questions from the committee members. The meeting was mainly about the reform and reconfiguration of the post-16 education sector, especially the parity of esteem between academic and vocational education and the ability of young people to make informed choices about what's best for them and to move themselves up career ladders. Then, the group discussed the challenges faced by the Welsh Government in terms of the recruitment and retention of teaching staff in the higher education system, especially in the area of ITE provision. The group also discussed the financial incentives for the ITE providers, which were expected to be increased to meet the needs of the students. Finally, the meeting concluded with an update on the progress of the government's efforts to implement the reforms in the education system.
According to Kirsty Williams, there was still a job of work to do to understand and to respond to those needs. So, what they were doing was first of all making sure that their ITE provision was world class, so that, actually, Welsh centers were the place to go to train to be a teacher. They were also embarking on their first ever national ITE recruitment marketing exercise, specifically targeting Welsh students in studying for priority subject degrees, e-mailing them, sending them materials to ask them to consider (1) becoming a teacher, and (2) coming to do that training here in Wales. They are now part of a full national programme of ITErecruitment, giving people that idea that you can serve your nation and your community by training to be
According to Kirsty Williams, for this year's intake, although they were in touch with their providers, they were not in a position to be able to give figures for the intake for a couple of months. But what they had seen over recent years was that they were only recruiting to about 65 per cent of those targets. So, there was still a job of work to do to understand and to respond to those needs. What they were doing was first of all making sure that their ITE provision was world class, so that, actually, Welsh centers were the place to go to train to be a teacher. They had looked at financial incentives. They were now part of a full national programme of ITErecruitment, giving people that idea that you could serve your nation and your community by training to
According to Kirsty Williams, it was difficult to second-guess what would have happened, what might have happened if the merger hadn't gone ahead, around the financial stability and sustainability of an institution. However, they were not sitting back and hoping that something miraculous would change things. They were pulling levers and putting in place plans to improve the situation, and they would continue to move forward with their overarching vision that Hazelkorn elaborated and that they were taking forward.
According to Kirsty Williams, the process was independent of Government, and it would not be appropriate for them to comment on that, especially as there was an appeals process that may be being undertaken. What they would say was that from the very outset of the ITE reforms they had made it very clear that they expected very high standards in their ITE system. They had confidence in the people who had been appointed by the EWC to undertake that process, but it was independent
According to Kirsty Williams, the process was independent of Government and it would not be appropriate for him to comment on that, especially as he understood that there was an appeals process that may be being undertaken. What he would say was that from the very outset of ITE reforms they had made it very clear that he expected very high standards in the ITE system, but the process is independent of this Government. He had confidence in the people who had been appointed by the EWC to undertake that process.
According to Kirsty Williams, there was a significant geographical spread of provision with centres here in the south-east, there were centres in thesouth-west, in mid Wales, and in north Wales. Currently, for some students, accessibility was an issue, and of course that's why they were responding with the part-time PGCE route, which actually would be location neutral, because students would be able to study that as a distance learner, and so they could remain in their community and undertake that course. So, if geographical disadvantage was stopping somebody from pursuing a career aspiration to qualify as a teacher, those nascent Welsh language skills were at least kept alive, even though they were not talking necessarily about being at a level where people could teach through the medium.
According to Kirsty Williams, he did not have a burning desire or a set policy to try and pursue mergers. What HEFCW were interested in was a sustainable HE sector that was strong. They were not pursuing or urging a policy of mergers, but if individual institutions felt that was of benefit to them and their students, obviously, they would have an interest in that and making sure that they were robust plans, but that was a matter for individual institutions. Hefin David thought it was difficult to second-guess what would have happened, what might have happened if the merger hadn't gone ahead, around the financial stability and sustainability of an institution. Kirsty believed that it was not worth the disruption that could occur to staff and students.
According to Kirsty Williams, there was no formal policy for reconfiguration or mergers. If individual institutions wished to collaborate or go further to a formal merger, obviously, that was a matter for them. However, if individual institutions felt that it would be of benefit to them and their students, then they would have an interest in that and making sure that they were robust plans. Equity was an important part of their approach to higher education. They wanted to make sure that FE and HE opportunities were available for people throughout Wales, and they continue to work with providers in that area to explore what can be done to enhance the opportunities.
According to Kirsty Williams, he was not aware of any disadvantage to Cardiff Met, but he would recognize—I would absolutely recognize—for staff and students caught up in those deliberations and those issues, then that would have had a personal impact on them. In terms of the institution going forward, I'm not aware that they were currently struggling with any disadvantage from that discussion. They had a strong institution in Cardiff Met and they needed to look at the future. But of course, there was some reconfiguration and they need to understand any lessons that arose out of that.
According to Kirsty, they were keeping a close eye on the situation. They were concerned that the employers seemed to be using the funding issue as the reason not to have a reasonable settlement with staff. They had to act accordingly, in compliance with any employment law or any statutory responsibilities that they would have as an employer. Dawn Bowden AM wanted to know what more they could do as a Government to try to get these parties back round the table and not allow the dispute to become a political football. In response, Kirsty believed that it was up to ColegauCymru to negotiate and to discuss, so let's see what the outcomes were.
According to Eluned Morgan, it was about ColegauCymru's negotiation, but they were keeping a close eye on the situation. The reason this had come about, or part of the reason, was because they had seen that pay settlement in relation to teachers' pay and they had had the consequential. The people actually providing the same teaching course in a different institution, you can understand why they may say, 'Something needs to change here'. The problem here is that it's about that, actually, that falls to the Welsh Government. Or at least it falls to FE colleges to fund that, and it's up to them to come up with that proposal. So, I think that's probably as far as they can go at this point.
When discussing the pay dispute situation, Eluned Morgan mentioned that it was about ColegauCymru's negotiation, and the government was keeping a close eye on the situation. However, it was also about FE colleges to fund the proposal, and it was up to them to come up with the proposal. In the meantime, the government had looked at financial incentives, but it was not the whole answer.
This was the last formal meeting of the Children, Young People and Education Committee. The meeting was mainly about the impact of the coronavirus pandemic on health and social services as they relate to children and young people in Wales. First of all, the Minister for Health and Social Services introduced that there had been no significant increases in the numbers of looked-after children, and the number of placement breaks were minimal. Then, the Deputy Minister for Children and Family Court Advisory and Support Service introduced that a red-amber-green rating risk assessment was adopted by all local authorities at the start of the pandemic to ensure that vulnerable children and families received the right way of receiving services and the frequency of contact from the services. The Deputy Minister and the Chief Whip announced on 6 April the £24 million Welsh Government third sector COVID-19 response fund, which was more than they would have had as a result of consequentials from the UK Government. Next, Sian Gwenllian AM asked about the children's rights impact assessments, which had not been carried out yet, and how the government was monitoring the situation. Finally, the meeting also discussed the impact on the childcare sector, including edge-of-care services, and children on the edge of
According to Vaughan Gething, they had not closed off general practice and they had expanded the ability for people to access services in an online manner. They had also been looking at how that's provided on a phone or online basis where possible, because again the same concerns existed about physical contact with people. They were still committed to it, but they were concerned about the time frame—that was partly about the length and the extent. But again, they were really impressed by the continuing commitment of their staff to deliver this service for women in what was a particularly uncertain time.
When talking about the ways of continuing mental health service during the lockdown, Vaughan Gething mentioned that the children's mental health was a central concern and remained so for both himself and the education minister. However, they still did not fully understand the impact on the mental health and well-being of children and young people, so they did not want to end up with an entire generation of children or young people who would grow up with a range of damage because they had not thought about what that would look like.
According to Tracey Breheny, there had been some discharges of young people, but they had had the assurance that that was only undertaken where it was clinically safe to do so and where the community support was in place. In terms of in-patient capacity, that was in the system in both the north Wales and in the south Wales unit at the moment. They had a weekly monitoring tool of all local health boards, so through that tool they looked at that every week in terms of collecting information.
According to Lynne Neagle, the Welsh Government had commissioned a national advisory group to review the current, unexpected deaths during the start of the pandemic to understand the wider concerns about the potential effects of the restrictions on the mental health and well-being of children and young people, and if that was leading to a spike in suicide or not. In addition, there was a review to be carried out with the current numbers of unexpected deaths that they had, so they were able to provide a report to understand where they were.
According to Vaughan Gething, they still had seven-day-a-week crisis care. They were not part of the series of measures that I stopped within the health service on 13 March. They had built up those crisis care services over a period of time, and the last thing they didn't want to see was to see them disappear during this period when there were well-understood concerns about emotional and mental health. So, they were looking to make sure that the progress hadn't been lost that they had made.
According to Vaughan Gething, the perinatal mental health service had not been stopped either. The service had changed, but it still absolutely existed. He was impressed by the continuing commitment of the staff to deliver this service for women in what was a particularly uncertain time. However, he was concerned about the time frame and the extent.
Julie Morgan answered that they were working very closely with the third sector on issues such as support for fostering services, care leavers and repurposing funding so that they could support the crises. They were giving discretion to the local authorities in order to have a degree of flexibility, and that would be published this week. In terms of the actual percentage that was being spent on children, they couldn't give an exact figure, but it was believed that there were a whole range of projects that were helping children and young people.
Julie Morgan thought that it was difficult to monitor if there was not easy access to the children that they were referring to, and that's why they had been trying to encourage the vulnerable children to go into school or childcare settings. Also, there was very close contact between Welsh Government officials and the local authorities. The children were all being monitored individually, and in the circumstances they were all doing what they possibly could.
Julie Morgan mentioned that they had had quite a lot of contact with the fostering services. The Fostering Network had extended its helpline hours, and Voices from Care had developed this particular offer of support for care leavers. They had also given support for various activities and things such as broadband access and that sort of issue. The children were all being monitored individually, and they were all doing what they possibly could.
According to Lynne Neagle, the government had done a lot to protect the children's rights during the pandemic outbreak. However, there was still a need for more work to be done to ensure that the children were protected from harm and that the government was taking all the necessary measures to ensure their safety and well-being. In addition, the children had been provided with a lot of support from the government in terms of schools, social services, and other organizations.
Julie Morgan explained that they were actually launching a survey of children. And this was to try to get from children their views of what's happened, what they've been doing, and their views on the whole COVID-19 situation. So, they were doing this in conjunction with the children's commissioner and with Young Wales and with the Youth Parliament. And so they were trying to get feedback from young people. So they were very pleased that they're doing that, but, in terms of an impact assessment, it has been very difficult, as Julie Morgan was sure you can imagine, to be able to do those at these times.
Albert Heaney thought that the government had taken a strong line at the beginning that they were not going to introduce easements in requirements to children's social services. He also believed that the standards that were in place in Wales would remain, so there would not be a necessity for them to do a children's rights impact assessment in relation to the primary legislation.
The meeting began with a brief introduction to the current state of the project and a brief update on the progress of the team's efforts to complete the task of transcribing data from the SmartKom data set. The team was making progress on the back-end of the model, but still needed to complete more work on the front-end. The meeting ended with a discussion about how the team could expand the meeting to cover more topics, and how they could incorporate more data into the model.
The team was running out of space on the second disk. They were only thirty percent of the way through backing up the data on the first disk, and they needed more space for the new machines. They needed to get a second disk rack and a second file server. The team discussed how they could hang disks on the machines, but the problem was that they didn't currently have a wire running to that back room that went near one of the ICSI routers. The professor suggested that they could put the disks in the machine room, where they would be on the fast connection to the rest of the machines.
Grad E had an eighteen gigabyte drive hanging off of his computer. He had twelve gigabytes left on XG. He was not doing anything on it right now until he got new meetings to transcribe or new transcriptions came in, so he really couldn't do anything with it. He gave Thilo ten gigabytes of space on XH.
The group was concerned that Dave would not be able to come back for the next meeting because he was going to be gone for ten days. The professor thought that Dave had reached a saturation point and was probably too busy to help out. The group thought that they should plan ahead a little bit and figure out what they were going to do in the next few months. They were also concerned that they were running out of space.
The team decided that they would like to have a telephone meeting every other week or whenever they felt like it, instead of a full meeting every week. They would also alternate the focus of the meeting, so that it would be more focused on data collection. The team was concerned that they were running out of disk space, so they could alternate meetings. The professor suggested that they could also get permission forms from the participants to bleep out certain words.
The professor thought that it would be a good idea to alternate the focus of the meetings. He thought that they could do it every other week or whenever they felt like it. He was not in favor of more meetings, however. He wanted to make sure that they had enough data to cover all the topics in the next meeting.
When it came to scheduling meetings, the team realized that Dave Johnson was out of luck for the next meeting because he had left for ten days. They decided that they could alternate the focus of the meeting every other week or whenever they felt like it. The problem was that they were running out of disk space, so they needed to find a way to fit more meetings into their schedule.
Project Manager started the meeting with a presentation about the opening of the project. Then, Industrial Designer, User Interface and Project Manager each gave a presentation on the project plan from Real Reaction. After that, Project Manager asked each of the team members to draw their most favourite animals on the blank document. Then the team discussed about their first ideas about the project, including the target market and the design of the remote control. Finally, the team talked about the technical design and feel of the product. The remote control should be original and trendy. The buttons should have international recognisable buttons to make it easy to learn. There should be some space between the buttons and the standard front would be grey or grey.
According to the Project Manager, they wanted to sell fifty million units of the remote control, which was a profit aim of fifty million Euros. In order to achieve this goal, they would have to make it acceptable for the whole world, for different cultures, and easy to learn. The buttons had to have international recognisable buttons so that it would be different and familiar at the same time. Besides, they should make it compatible with everything they use, including stereo audio installations.
User Interface suggested that the remote control should not be too big and not too close together, and there should be some space between the buttons. The buttons had to have international recognisable buttons so that it was easy to learn. Industrial Designer thought that the buttons should be universal so that every culture in every country can recognize them.
Marketing thought it was important to make their product acceptable for the whole world, for different cultures, because they wanted to sell fifty million units and make a profit of fifty million Euros. The buttons had to have international recognisable buttons to make it easy to learn, and the remote control had to be different and familiar at the same time so that people could learn to use it.
When discussing the desired features of remote control, the team members agreed that the remote control should be made of light-colored material so that it would be easy to be seen by the customers. They also agreed that it should be able to be customized with different colours and designs.
Marketing thought that modern remotes have too many buttons and there should be some space between the buttons to make it apparent that there are two functions for every button. Industrial Designer thought that the buttons should be not too small and not too big. Project Manager agreed and added that there should not be too close together so that it would be possible to see the two functions clearly. User Interface thought that they should use colours and make the buttons multi-functional.
When discussing the group's plan of their marketing strategy, the product manager mentioned that they wanted to sell fifty million units worldwide, which was a lot of people have to be able to use it. The product should be acceptable for the whole world, for different cultures. The buttons had to have international recognisable buttons so that it would be easy to learn.
This was the 12th meeting of the House of Commons Special Committee on the COVID-19 Pandemic. The meeting began with petitions and statements by members, followed by questions and answers from the opposition party and the government. It was the first hybrid meeting, with some members participating via videoconference and some participating in person. The Prime Minister and the Minister of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness promised to work with the provinces and territories to ensure that the government was always vigilant in any foreign interference in the national security or issues of political interference in Canada's society. The government also promised to continue its efforts to protect the most vulnerable in the country during the pandemic. Finally, the meeting ended with statements by the government and opposition party.
Mr. Andrew Scheer suggested that the COVID-19 crisis should not be used as an excuse to avoid presenting solutions to the missing and murdered indigenous women and girls committee, in particular by delaying action on the calls for justice. However, Right Hon. Justin Trudeau argued that the government had always been here to stand up for Canadians in all different situations. They had moved forward on supporting as many of them as they possibly could, and they continued to work on filling gaps. The government would continue to work with those partners, but people would understand that many of those partners were very focused right now on helping front-line workers, not on establishing the
The opposition party and the Prime Minister expressed their concern about companies laying off workers in the midst of pandemic. The Prime Minister and the opposition party agreed that it was very important to protect employees in every sector of the economy and across Canada during the pandemic, and the government was doing its best to do that. However, the opposition argued that the government had not done enough to help workers in organizations and companies all over the country. The opposition party also pointed out that there were many companies that had acquired another company in the last year that had employees whose jobs were threatened, and those companies were not allowed to qualify for the wage subsidy.
Hon. Patty Hajdu suggested that the government should respect the provinces' jurisdiction over long-term care facilities and establish national standards. The Prime Minister did not have authority over seniors' homes, which he had clearly stated, but he had authority over the act in which he approved the sale. However, from the very beginning, the government had indicated its willingness to support the provinces on this very important issue. The federal government would be there to work with the provinces.
Hon. Patty Hajdu introduced that all Canadians were deeply horrified to read the details from the Canadian Armed Forces on the conditions in long-term care homes in Ontario. The government stood ready to support provinces and territories as they continued to respond to this crisis. However, from the very beginning, the government had indicated its willingness to support the provinces on this very important issue.
Mrs. Rosemarie Falk (Battlefords Lloydminster, CPC) questioned that the Minister of Digital Government had been promoting a fundraising campaign to sue Global News for their story criticizing the Chinese Communist Party. Why was the minister using her authority to support the Communist Party of China and threatening our media and freedom of expression? Hon. Joyce Murray answered that the government was always vigilant in any foreign interference in the national security or issues of political interference in our society. The government would always uphold the laws of Canada.
Hon. Bill Morneau introduced that the government was making investments to ensure a resilient economy in the future to ensure that the situation would be stable in order to ensure the future of Canada's economy. However, the opposition party raised the issue of whether the government would raise taxes after the pandemic. The Prime Minister explained that they did not have a plan to raise taxes and that they always wanted to be clear and transparent.
Hon. Bill Blair, Minister of Finance and Minister of Public Works and Procurement, introduced that the government was monitoring the situation very carefully. The U.K. was a very important trading partner for Canada. The government was making investments to ensure that CETA continued to apply to our trade with the U.S. during this period while they went through Brexit. However, the opposition party, the Conservative Party of Canada, argued that it was not enough and demanded to see the objectives of any new trade agreement.
Hon. Marie-Claude Bibeau (Minister of Agriculture and Agri-Food) explained that Canada was operating in a highly competitive global environment, and the government needed to make sure that Canada's supply chains and those global supply chains, particularly for essential goods, for agricultural products, for medical supplies, continue to remain open. The government was monitoring the situation very carefully and would keep doing this work.
Hon. Patty Hajdu (Minister of Health) stated that from the very beginning of the outbreak in early January, they were aware of the challenges the health sector would face, and they immediately began to work with the provinces and territories to understand what the need would be and how they could best prepare. Hon. Anita Anand - Minister of Public Services and Procurement added that they were operating in a highly competitive global environment, and the reality was that they needed to make sure they had multiple complementary supply chains operating at the same time, which they had been doing in the past weeks and months, to ensure that front-line health care workers had the supplies they needed.
Hon. Diane Lebouthillier (Minister of National Revenue) stated that the fight against tax evasion was a priority for the government. The government would continue to target companies that used tax evasion schemes. Hon. Bill Morneau added that it was very important to protect employees across the country and in every economic sector that were experiencing a significant drop in income during the pandemic.
Hon. Patty Hajdu introduced that the priority right now was ensuring that the government was supporting the provinces in their need to make sure that all seniors were protected right across the country in all those institutions. However, from the very beginning, the government had indicated its willingness to support the provinces on this very important issue. The government was going to work with the provinces, fully respecting jurisdictions, to ensure that all Canadians in long-term care were supported as required and received the services and the care they deserved.
Hon. Patty Hajdu introduced that all Canadians were deeply horrified to read the details from the Canadian Armed Forces on the conditions in long-term care homes in Ontario. The military report found that cockroaches and flies were present and that food was rotten. The conditions of seniors as outlined by the military were appalling, but seniors need more than just compassionate words. They need action. The Government of Canada stood ready to support provinces and territories as they continue to respond to this crisis. The government had a very good conversation with the provincial and territorial counterparts last night about the work they could do at a national level to support their important work.
The meeting began with a brief introduction to the Aurora model. The team was working on a prototype of the Aurora front-end for the Quals. The meeting then moved on to a discussion about how the model was performing on the far-mike data. The model performed better on the TI digits, but not as well on the near-mikes. Then, the team discussed how to deal with the reverberation problem. The professor suggested using a VAD to reduce the amount of reverberation, but it was challenged by PhD G that it was not very efficient. Finally, the meeting ended with a discussion on how to train the model for Switchboard, which would be a large vocabulary task.
The team was two months away from completing the TORRENT chip. The professor thought that they should wait for Sunil to complete his before starting the next phase of the project. The team discussed how they could incorporate intermediate categories into the model, like regular phonetic features, into which they could build intermediate classifiers.
Grad F explained that he was getting down and dirty into writing his proposal. He had finished a section on talking about these intermediate categories that he wanted to classify. He hoped to get a full rough draft done by Monday so that he could give it to Morgan. He would use TIMIT for that part of the process.
Grad F thought that he had to come up with a complete set of intermediate features in intermediate categories to classify right away. He would start with a reasonable set of regular phonetic features and do some phone recognition. Then, he would build intermediate classifiers and do phoneme recognition. Grad F thought he could probably reduce the errors if he included this extra feature or this extra intermediate category.
Grad E noticed that mean subtraction seemed to make PZM signals louder after they had been re-synthesized. It was possible that one reason it helped with the Aurora baseline system was that it was a kind of gain control. The team was still trying to figure out what was still the difference between the SRI system and the Aurora system. The professor thought that the difference might be due to finer-grained acoustic models that were more sensitive to the artifacts in re-synchronized audio.
The professor thought that the reverberation in the room was probably due to a low energy portion of speech that was affected by things that were seconds away. He suggested that a reverberation filter could be put in to reduce reverberation. He also suggested that the processing for the re-synthesizing should be restricted to getting the signal back to the original, according to some equation.
PhD C thought that changing the absolute level by a factor of two would not have any effect on the signal-to-noise ratio, as long as it was done in both training and testing. The difference in error rate between the Aurora and HTK systems was due to the difference in VAD and spectral subtraction.
This was the fourth meeting of the group. Project Manager firstly went through the agenda and then Industrial Designer and User Interface gave presentations on the prototype of the remote. After that, Project Manager asked the group to evaluate the prototype and make some decisions about it. Then, the group had a discussion about the design of the voice recorder and the LCD screen. The group agreed to use a special colour for the back of the device and to use titanium-coloured plastic for the front. They also agreed to have the logo in a big arc shape above the company slogan. Finally, they discussed the evaluation criteria on the remote and made some changes to it.
Industrial Designer and User Interface first presented the prototype of the remote control to the team. The prototype was in a round shape with the upper part of the front made of hard plastic and the lower part made of titanium. The logo of the company was in the upper right corner and there were two buttons in the middle of the device, the Okay button and the Menu button. The voice recorder could be installed on the back and the LCD screen could be put on the upper side. The team agreed to add the special colour of titanium to the front and to make the device look fancy-feeling. Then they discussed the design of the side view and found that it was not easy to find if the device was off all the time.
The Industrial Designer and the Project Manager agreed that the LCD screen was a good idea. However, the User Interface and the Industrial Designer pointed out that it was not practical to have an LCD screen on the upper side of the remote control because it would fall into the user's hand when the remote was held in the middle. The User Interface suggested that they could change the chip back and use a regular one. The Project Manager thought it would be better if the advanced chip could be put on the lower side. The Industrial Designer agreed to use it.
The Project Manager thought the prototype was fancy-looking and fancy-feeling, but he did not like the shape of the front and back of the device. He also thought it was hard to find the remote control if it was off all the time. The remote control was not easy to find because it was too thick. The Project Manager also thought that the voice recorder was not necessary for the target customers.
The User Interface thought titanium was not good enough and suggested replacing it with titanium-coloured plastic. However, the Industrial Designer argued that it was not practical to consider this after they had designed the entire thing. The Project Manager disagreed and suggested that they could dump the titanium and make all plastic. But the User Interface insisted that they had to run through the evaluation process again before making the decision.
Industrial Designer thought it was not practical to replace the titanium with a hard kind of plastic looking like titanium after they had designed the entire thing. However, the older people would like it because it was strong and the feel was strong. Therefore, he agreed to use titanium-coloured plastic for the back.
The group agreed that the product was fancy-looking, fancy-feeling and good-looking. However, it was not easy to find if the device was lost or if the LCD screen was off all the time, so they had to adapt it to the costs. The group also agreed to use titanium-coloured plastic for the back of the device and to add a special colour to make it look more appealing. Besides, the group agreed to add the voice recorder and the special colour.
The whole meeting was about the remote control concept. First, User Interface gave a presentation about the interface concept. Then, Industrial Designer, Marketing and Project Manager each gave their opinions about the trend-watching and cost-discussing. After that, Project Manager asked Industrial Designer and User Interface to give half an hour to fix the problem and Industrial Designer came back with a solution. Industrial Designer proposed to use a scroll-wheel with an LCD screen and scroll-wheels on top of it, but the cost would be higher. Project Manager agreed to use the LCD screen, but Industrial Designer pointed out that the LCD was more expensive. The cost difference between the chip with LCD and LCD was higher. The group then discussed about the costs of all the things for the remote controls. The battery, there were few options. The best option was the basic battery, which was the cheapest way, and the kinetic battery like within a watch.
User Interface said that the standard of the buttons was that they were all pretty standard, large and thin. There were a lot of buttons buttons, but it was not clear what function they were supposed to serve. The icons on the buttons were not clear, and it was hard to choose the right icons, or the right letters. There was a V for volume and an arrow for the menu button, but they were both a V. It was not very clear what was the function of that.
User Interface recommended a yellow case with round edges and the company's logo at the bottom, and each set of buttons had his or her own colour. The power button was placed at the top left or right, while the channel and volume and channel quadrants were on the left and right, up and down arrows. The menu button was on the right, and the arrows could be blue. Project Manager asked User Interface to choose the right icons on the buttons, and big buttons was User Interface's personal opinion.
User Interface firstly discussed the standard size of the buttons on the remote control. They were all pretty standard and pretty thin and long. There were a lot of buttons buttons and it was not very clear what's the function of the icons on the buttons. Some buttons had icons like the play and stop, but they didn't use that. Users had to choose the right icons and big buttons was User Interface's personal opinion. Then Industrial Designer suggested two buttons with a menu button and scroll-wheel and two scroll-wheels.
Industrial Designer said that younger people preferred soft mat materials and primary colours, curved and round shapes, dark colours and simple, recognisable shapes. The shape of the remote control should be curved to give it the shape of their hand, which would make it easier to use. Besides, they also like familiar material, especially wood.
Industrial Designer pointed out that the push-button required a simple chip and a scroll wheel required a chip with an advanced chip, which in turn was more expensive than the regular chip. The LCD was easy to use when users used the scroll buttons, but the cost would get a lot higher if the chip with LCD was used. Project Manager added that the cost of the LCD would be higher than regular chips, so the group decided to use regular chips instead.
Marketing did some trend-watching by Trendwatchers in Paris and Milan to find out the difference between two groups, the young and trendy and the old and rich. Young people tended to like dark colours, simple shapes and familiar material, especially wood. The rich, on the other hand, preferred dark colours and recognisable shapes, soft materials and primary colours.
Industrial Designer thought the best option was to use the basic battery, which everybody could buy it at the supermarket, while Project Manager thought the kinetic was more expensive. The cost of the chip with LCD was higher than the regular chip, so the group decided to use regular chips instead. For the components, they used a normal battery, as it was the cheapest way. The group also discussed the shape of the remote control and the size of the buttons.
The meeting with the Children, Young People and Education Committee was about the evidence session on the higher education new academic year allocations, which was mainly about the funding gap in resource between England and Wales. The meeting was mainly focused on the financial situation of the universities in Wales and the challenges faced by the institutions in terms of managing the issues that they were facing. First of all, Dr David Blaney, the Chief Executive of the Higher Education Funding Council for Wales, and Bethan Owen, the deputy chief executive of HEFCW, both gave an overview of the current situation in Wales. Then, the meeting moved on to the topic of the financial sustainability of the university system in Wales, which included the impact of the demographic dip of 18-year-olds which was deeper and longer in Wales than it was elsewhere in the UK. Moreover, the group also discussed the financial challenges facing the universities and the institutions' capacity to meet the needs of the students and the capacity of the system to deliver for Wales. After that, the discussion turned to the issue of the loss of funds were they to leave the European Union.
There were three main causes: one was the impact of the demographic dip of 18-year-olds, which was deeper and longer in Wales than it was elsewhere in the UK. Two, there was a pre-existing funding gap in resource between England and Wales, and even now, that's still the case. Three, the institutions have been working very hard to try not to take cost out now that they really don't have to take out, because they don't want to reduce capacity, which they'll struggle to recover again when the financial position improves.
There were also differences in the way that universities had secured funding for investing in their estates. Cardiff University had had a bond rather than borrowing, which you drew down as you're spending. So, in the short term, the reserves of Cardiff would appear as though they had significant cash balances, but all of those were restricted for investment in the estate and, over the next two or three years, would be utilised for that.
According to Dr David Blaney, there was always the possibility of structural change within the sector, and that might be one of the solutions that institutions think about, but it was not a policy position. It was not always a good short-term response to crisis anyway. More transparency of all the universities' income sources and expenditure and a better understanding of the income cross-flows and why they couldn't look at universities in isolation of student provision and research, and had to look at the whole.
According to Dr David Blaney, the government was content on two fronts: one was that the governance machinery within the institutions was structured appropriately to look at that, but also that if the institutions were wanting to engage in anything other than relatively trivial borrowing, they had to get the government's consent as well. The government did not want to see students becoming innocent victims of difficulties of management and financing. The institutional risk review process was fundamentally designed to make sure that institutions were grappling with their problems before they became a crisis.
Dr David Blaney did not think that any governing bodies were exhibiting what might be considered to be an imprudent risk appetite, and this manifested itself in two ways. The first was in forecasts, and the second was in requests for borrowings, predominantly. But they had, in some instances, helped institutions to think again about some of their aspirations. They did not say, "No, you can't do that," because they were autonomous, they made the decisions, but they tried to make sure that they were asking the right questions.
According to Dr David Blaney, the institutional risk review process was fundamentally designed to make sure that institutions were grappling with their problems before they became a crisis. The challenge was all of us being clear what constitutes best practice. Hefin David AM suggested that the institutions were innately cautious as an organisation, so they should be careful not to let students become innocent victims of difficulties of management and financing. However, he believed that it was not really a governance failure.
The direction of travel was that they were seeing an increased risk profile in the sector in Wales, and it was about the financial pressures that they had already discussed this morning. So, the amount of funding was always going to be under pressure; there was a demographic dip, and there were the other contextual factors they had discussed. And the institutions have been working very hard to try not to take cost out now that they really don't have to take out, because they didn't want to reduce capacity, which they would struggle to recover again when the financial position improved.
According to Bethan Owen, the key bit of that was maintaining the attractiveness of Welsh universities to students, because a large proportion were coming not from just Wales, but from England and internationally—so, that's a key part—and also that their research portfolio was invested in, and that also brought economic benefits. So, I think those were the two that they were required to be able to maintain: the institutions as attractive options for students, and the research capacity is invested in.
According to Dr David Blaney, both Ian Diamond and Graeme Reid were very clear about the importance of being able to invest in the QR research funding, for a number of reasons. The capacity of the sector to be able to respond to funding opportunities elsewhere in the UK and across the rest of the world was itself determined by the size and the strength of the research base, which was sustained by QR funding. The reason the sum hasn't increased was because they had not had enough money to increase it and still meet the obligations they had to other bits of the HE system, so they were in a situation where they got less of that UK funding that's available as well.
According to Dr David Blaney, they had relied on the expert assessment of people like Graeme Reid. There was a very close correlation between QR funding and capacity to generate funding from other sources. The capacity of the sector to be able to respond to funding opportunities elsewhere in the UK and across the rest of the world was itself determined by the size and the strength of the research base, which was sustained by QR funding. It was almost impossible for a body like HEFCW, far less the Government, to know where these emerging strengths were going to come from, and QR provides the flexibility for institutions, which is absolutely fundamental to keeping theResearch base dynamic.
According to Bethan Owen, they have provided funding in 2017-18 and 2018-19 to WISERD Education, which is a research collaboration between a number of the Welsh universities, specifically looking at educational issues, and they are providing additional funding to that to add value to the Welsh Government's existing evaluation of the progress of pioneer schools in developing the three-to-15 curriculum in Wales. So, it's a collaborative effort, and it's an important research facility and increasingly being used, I'm delighted to say, by Welsh Government in underpinning its own policy thinking.
According to Dr David Blaney, the Reid review has done a lot of the heavy lifting in terms of an impact assessment for them. And in response to that, they have recently issued their own vision for research and innovation, which was developed over a number of months, following the Reid report closely, working with stakeholders, including the Welsh Government, in order to try and set a vision for how we respond to the challenges facing research in the future, which included the reduction, potentially, of access to EU funds. The challenge was finding the money, and they fully understood that. There has been an additional £6.6 million allocated for research very recently by the Government, which they had put out specifically in line with some of the recommendations from Reid.
This was the last meeting of the group. First, User Interface presented the prototype of the remote control and gave some technical specifications. Then, Industrial Designer, Marketing and User Interface gave an evaluation of the prototype. After that, the group evaluated the prototype according to the criteria and decided to make a party for the success of the project. Then the group discussed the finance of the party and decided that they would have five fifty million for the party.
User Interface presented the working prototype of the remote control and gave some technical specifications. Then Industrial Designer, Marketing, User Interface, and Project Manager each gave a presentation on the technical specifications of the prototype. After that, the group evaluated the prototype according to the criteria of the meeting, and they agreed that it was a good prototype. Then they discussed the financial evaluation of the project, and decided to do some finance to see if it was feasible.
The team agreed that the design of the remote control was robust and adaptable. It could be put in the palm of the user, so it could fit into the palm. It was also very convenient to leave it with children and it was not curved. The team also agreed that it was easy to plug it in and it could be used for the party.
The industrial designer recommended to stick to titanium because it was the most modern and modern material and it was easy to use. He also suggested to use rubber or sponges for strawberries and different colours. The project manager agreed to do this and the team agreed to add one instead of two buttons.
Marketing proposed to have a scale from one to seven, with one meaning that the product fulfilled the criterion and seven meaning it didn't fulfil at all. Then they were going to have an average, which would give them the value of the remote control. The team agreed to have this scale. After that, they had a party for the success of the project.
Marketing firstly reminded the group that usefulness was much less important than fanciness when evaluating the usefulness of the product. Therefore, the group decided to give two points on usefulness to the product in order to balance the importance of the function and the fanciness. Then, Industrial Designer proposed to give one point for being useful and one for being silly, but the group rejected this idea and agreed on two points.
The project manager was not satisfied with the shape of the strawberries on the top of the remote control because it was not useful. The project manager thought that the fruits were not trendy and not useful for children, so he suggested that the strawberries could be replaced with fruit instead. However, the project manager did not agree with this idea because he thought strawberries were not fashionable.
The group decided to make a party for the success of the project. They would have a party in which they would give each other a present of one strawberry, one fudge strawberry and a battery. Then, they would cut some things from the cost of the product. The group had a discussion about the technical specifications of the remote control. They decided to use titanium as the ultimate form, ultimate colours, and ultimate smell of it. They also agreed to use a single curve and only one battery for the party. After that, the group would have an average of twelve bucks for the total cost.
The user interface designer recommended to contact NASA and make an analysis of different fruits to choose the ultimate form, ultimate colours, and ultimate smell of the product. The product would be made of titanium and it would be the most modern material. It would be very convenient to leave it with children and it was also very secure.
The whole meeting was about the conceptual design of the new remote control. First of all, Marketing gave a presentation about latest trends trends, latest fashion updates, and things they must not do. Then, Industrial Designer, User Interface and Project Manager gave presentations about the components design. After that, the group had a discussion about the material and appearance of the remote. The group agreed to use titanium as the material of the front and back, but they could not use a speaker or a sensor or a speak-speech-controlled device because it would be too expensive. They also agreed not to use a fancy look-and-feel, but the feel of the material was expected to be strong. Then the group decided to design a remote control with fancy looking and good-feeling, but it must be easy to use.
Marketing mentioned that it was very important that the remote control should be fancy looking and feel great so that it would be easy to use. Also, the feeling had to be great and the menus and things like that they had to feel great. In addition, they should have technological technological innovations, such as an LCD screen, speech acknowledgement, as they talked about earlier, so that they could have something like that, like the LCD and the fronts.
Industrial Designer's presentation mainly talked about the components design and the target audience style. Industrial Designer suggested that the remote should be made in a round shape with round shapes, primary colours and round shapes. For the buttons, simple push buttons should be used instead of difficult scroll things or some things like that. The remote should not be too formal and the slogan should be big to make more of an impression but not too big. Besides, they should not use a speaker or a sensor or speak speech to control the device. They should use an LCD screen and a more advanced chip, which was more complex and expensive.
User Interface suggested that the LCD screen should be positioned at the lower end of the remote, and the buttons for screen width and general settings should be shown in the LCD instead of extra buttons. A voice recognition system could be implemented, but it was not fancy looking and it did not do any functionality for the remote.
The group agreed that the LCD screen should be placed at the lower end of the remote, and the buttons should be made of a soft material. They also agreed to use titanium as the material for the buttons, and to use a speaker or a sensor for the speech recognition function. However, they did not agree to use the slogan of the company on the front because it would be too childish.
The group decided to use a combination of hard plastic and titanium for the front and back of the remote, and to use the slogan from the company on the backside. The slogan would be put on the front side so that it would always be there and customers would be able to find it when they got off the remote. The group also agreed that the LCD screen should be put at the lower end and the buttons for screen width and general settings should be at the bottom. They also agreed to make the remote with the slogan on it and to make it look good.
Industrial Designer suggested that the group could draw a design on the front of the remote control, but the Project Manager pointed out that it would be better if they could remove all the filth between the fronts and it's open. Project Manager also suggested that they could make a wave or something around the corner where the logo was to avoid dust. The group agreed to do something about it.
Project Manager started the meeting by introducing the team to each other and getting to know each other. Then Project Manager asked everyone to get used to one another and to make a project plan, some discussion and then Project Manager announced that the team would meet again in thirty minutes and work on these ideas and try to make the decision about what are the most important and important features of the new remote control. Then the team discussed the target price of the remote control, which was twenty-five Euros and the production cost of twelve fifty Euros maximum. The team agreed that the target was to sell two million units and the profit was to be two million Euros.
The group agreed that the remote control should be children-proof, robust, easy to use, small and adaptable. It should be of palm-sized size and not too big. The group also agreed to have the off button at the top right and to change the colour of the frame.
When discussing the buttons size and scale design, the team agreed that the remote control should be small and not too big. The team also agreed that it should not be too big or too large. The buttons should be of a palm-sized size so that it could be held in the hand properly.
Marketing proposed to design a universal remote control, which could be used as the remote control for the television, the sound system, the refrigerator, or for other appliances. The group agreed to have the off button at the top right and adaptable. They also agreed to change the colour of the frame and make it monochrome. However, they did not agree on the size of the buttons.
According to the Project Manager, the remote control should be children-proof, waterproof and robust. It should be monochrome with one colour and it should be really small and not too big. The Industrial Designer proposed to change the colour of the frame. The User Interface proposed to have the off button at the top right and the switch on and off button to be very robust. The Project Manager agreed with the User Interface and Industrial Designer.
When discussing the design of remote control for children, the group agreed that it had to be robust and unbreakable so that it could not be broken when the child threw it away. They also agreed that the remote control should be waterproof and could be put in a child lock or something.
The Industrial Designer thought that the remote control for children should be nice looking, colourful and monochrome. It should not be too big or too big and it should be small and not too big. The Industrial Designer also suggested to change the colours of the frame and the colour of remote control could change.
This was the first meeting of the new remote control project. Project Manager introduced the project and the team got to know each other a little bit more by drawing their favourite animals on the whiteboard. Then the team went through the specifics of the project plan and came up with some preliminary ideas about it. Industrial Designer, User Interface and Marketing each gave their opinions on the functional design and user requirements specification of the remote control. Then Project Manager asked the team to start looking at the technical functions design, and Industrial Designer and User Interface were responsible for the user interface design.
Industrial Designer thought that the remote control should be trendy, user-friendly and original so they should provide some features that are quite unique to this remote control. Project Manager agreed and added that they should not go too far away from the usual ones because otherwise the new users would have a lot of problems and a big learning curve. Marketing put forward the motto of putting the fashion in electronics, which meant that the design goal should be something original, trendy and user friendly but still functional.
When discussing the design of the remote control, Project Manager mentioned that they were aiming for a profit of fifty million Euros selling them on the international market, not just in the U.K. To achieve this goal, finance people estimated that they needed production costs of maximum twelve and a half Euro so that they could reach that profit target.
The Industrial Designer thought that the remote control should be trendy, user-friendly and original so that it could provide some features that were quite unique to it. In addition, it should be sleek and stylish but still functional so that the users could use it to do all kinds of things.
Industrial Designer was confused about the difference between functional design and conceptual design. Project Manager explained that the functional design was about looking at what functions we need in the remote control and what specific things it had to do, but the conceptual design was bigger than that and included the how people were going to use it and that kind of thing. Industrial Designer thought that there was no need to have buttons on it to do that, so it could be one button for a menu or something, if users really needed to go and do that.
The Marketing compared the buttons on the new generation phones with those on the old ones, and suggested that there was no need to have buttons on them because most people only used them to watch certain specified channels and then turned them off again. Besides, most of the functionality in the new phones was not used ninety percent of the time, so there should be only one button for a menu or something if users really needed to go and do that.
Industrial Designer thought that they could aim for something that gives a high battery life, but he did not think that it was a huge problem for remote controls anyway. Project Manager thought that every now and then they need to replace the batteries. User Interface thought that even though it had to be original, they shouldn't go too far away from the usual ones, because otherwise the new users would have a big learning curve.
The group discussed how to best use the Switchboard data to train the SRI recognizer. They discussed downsampling and whether to use a different encoding standard for PZM or not. They also discussed whether to send the recordings to SRI for approval or just keep them for themselves.
The microphone data was collected from Switchboard and Switchboard-related telephone conversations. The team thought that the Switchboard data was not too bad, but Switchboard had a different population of speakers and a different topic, so the team decided to run down-sampling on it to see if they could get better results. The downsampling was done at forty-eight kilohertz, which was higher than expected, but not as high as the team expected it to be. There was a bug in the system that caused it to produce errors in the synch numbers.
The microphone procedures were discussed at length during the meeting. It was decided that the team would use a combination of hand-held and wireless microphones, and that the boom should be placed towards the corner of the mouth when recording. The team would also have to downample the signal to ensure that the signal quality was as good as possible. There would be nine mikes, each with an eight-channel transmitter and a sixteen-channel receiver.
The team decided to get nine identical head-mounted crown mikes with an eight-channel transmitter and a sixteen-channel receiver. The transmitter would be for Switchboard and the receiver for the daisy chain. They would also get a wireless microphone that could be passed around to the extra people for the times they wanted to talk over each other.
The meeting was mainly about the current state of the semantic specification. The team was trying to figure out how to deal with certain constructions, like "the big red ball" and "the shape of the room", as well as how to link them up. The professor wanted to know whether there was a need to specify the focus of a given utterance, or whether it should only be used for matching or only for verification. There was also a discussion about whether the constructions should be constrained by a specific set of rules or whether they should be left to the imagination. The meeting ended with a general agreement that the former should be abandoned in favor of the latter.
The group discussed how to specify the information structure focus of the sentence and how to deal with semantic constraints. The professor suggested that they should worry about specifying the focus only for the time being, and then deal with the rest of the form in the future. The group also discussed whether there should be a formalization of what the focus is, and whether it should be semantic or not.
The semantic specification for the new construction formalism is a two-sided sheet containing two parts, a scenario and a discourse segment. The scenario is a list of various information about a referent or other entity. The discourse segment is about the information structure of the utterance, such as whether it is a noun, a verb, or a noun-like object. The constructions in the discourse segment are called "designates". The "designation" is used to indicate the focus of a particular utterance.
The space builders are going to give the speaker the coordinates of different world scenarios, and the speaker is supposed to be keeping track of those. The construction that you actually get is just a cue as to which one of those that you've already got going is the one you're supposed to add structure to. The information in the sentence tells you much but it doesn't tell you exactly what the point of doing so is. An individual sentence could mean a hundred different things depending on what the space configuration is at the time of utterance.
The conceptual space builders are going to give the speaker the coordinates of a bunch of different world scenarios, and the speaker is supposed to be keeping track of those. The construction that they actually get is just a cue as to which one of those that the speaker has already got going is the one to add structure to.
The meeting began with a brief introduction to the current state of the model and a brief summary of the results from the last meeting. The model performed better on TIMIT but not as well on other languages. The team was concerned that their model was not performing as well as they expected it to. The professor suggested that they should focus on finding other kinds of training targets. The meeting ended with a discussion about how they could further improve their model.
PhD A informed the team that the results from the experiments were mixed. The model performed better in multi-English, multi-Spanish and multi-French, but not as well in Italian. The team thought that adding MSG to the model did not help the model perform as well as it did in other languages. The professor thought that the model was not as good as it could have been, but it was still better than the other nets. PhD A suggested that the team should focus on finding other kinds of training targets.
The professor was impressed with the results of the experiments. The team had trained the model on multi-English, multi-Spanish and multi-TIMIT digits, but the results were not as good as expected due to the language dependency and noise dependency. The professor thought that the team should focus on finding other kinds of training targets. He thought that it was important to know what was causing the problems.
PhD A thought that the model performed better for multi-English and multi-French than multi-Spanish. The difference was mainly due to the mismatched condition, where the error rate was twice that of PLP. PhD A was not completely convinced about the difference between PLP and MSG. He thought that adding MSG did not help in this case.
The team was working on a large multi-band MLP model that would be trained on TIMIT and a large database with SPINE. The model was performing better in multi-lingual and multi-ethnic languages, but it was not as good in English as in other languages. The team was trying to figure out how to make the model perform better in different languages. They were also trying to find a way to reduce language dependency. The professor suggested that they could try using a neural network with asynchrony.
The professor thought that the model performed better when the model was trained on the target task, but when it was not. He thought that adding MSG did not help in that case. The professor was not sure what was wrong with the model, but he would encourage someone to look into it in the longer term.
PhD A thought that the team was making good progress on their model. They were almost done with training, but still had some work left to do. The professor thought that they should focus on finding other kind of training targets. The team was also working on a large database containing sentences from the French, Spanish, and Italian languages.
Project Manager started the meeting by going over some news from the board on how they were supposed to do with the remote control. Industrial Designer suggested that they should go for simpler functions, fewer functions and use a high quality recycled plastic. User Interface then gave a brief presentation on the technical functions design of the remote. The group agreed to go for a touch screen for the basic functions and to use a simple formatted display for the user to work with. Then Marketing gave a preliminary study on the feasibility of using too much metal in remote design, which could potentially cause interference with the ability of remote to send commands and cause the remote to behave unexpectedly by receiving false signals. Also, the younger demographics were all interested in voice recognition options, which was something worth thinking about. Then Project Manager suggested that the group could look into the possibility of people being able to input different types of skins for the actual interface part of it
User Interface proposed to revolutionize the idea of a remote control to attain the functionality of a complicated device but use a simple formatted display for the user to work with. Industrial Designer suggested primarily plastic construction and incorporated some of the ideas that they had previously like having multiple face but it would come at the cost of a certain aesthetic value. Marketing suggested that too much metal in remote design could potentially cause interference with the ability of the remote to send commands and the company simply couldn't afford this kinds of lawsuits.
Marketing thought that too much metal in the remote control could cause interference with the ability of the remote to send commands and cause it to behave unexpectedly by receiving false signals, and there was also the possibility of it catching on fire and injuring the customer, which would be bad for the company. Therefore, the project manager agreed with Marketing that the company should target the younger demographic and focus on the simplicity of the design and put the fashion in electronics.
User Interface thought that the basic functions such as changing the channel, turning on and turning off, volume and turning on/off were very basic and most users would not use most of the functions because they didn't know how to use them and didn't want to take the time to learn how to do it. Industrial Designer suggested that the remote control could be simpler with fewer functions and a simple formatted display for the user to work with. Project Manager agreed and suggested incorporating some of the ideas that they had previously like having multiple faces and voice recognition for the paging system. Marketing thought that too much metal in remote design could potentially cause interference with the ability of the remote to send commands. The younger demographics were all interested in voice recognition options which was something worth thinking about.
When discussing the design of the functions and buttons of the remote control, the Project Manager pointed out that seventy-five percent of people under thirty five wanted voice control and younger demographics were also interested in voice recognition options. Therefore, the project manager suggested that the team should cater to this younger demographic and focus on revolutionizing the way it looked by making it simpler.
The Project Manager explained that the members would be responsible for the design of the materials of the television remote. The Industrial Designer suggested that they should use plastic as opposed to metal because too much metal could cause interference with the ability of the remote to send commands and there was a possibility of it catching on fire and injuring the customer, which would be really bad. The Project Manager agreed and added that they would have to evaluate what's most important.
Project Manager suggested that they should think about revolutionizing the way it's looking, which might be easier given that they were going for simpler function and that they're only going for a telly. Industrial Designer suggested that the Industrial Designer would like to look into the possibility of people being able to input different types of skins for the actual interface part of it and things like that. User Interface proposed that they could put the basics on the centre easiest and make them large and easy to get at and then the other bits and bobs would be done in the menu.
The meeting was the seventh meeting of the Special Committee on the COVID-19 Pandemic. The meeting began with petitions being presented by members. The Prime Minister announced that a total of 7.7 million Canadians have received the Canada emergency response benefit, and the agency was ensuring the integrity of the system. The Minister of Finance stated that the government had increased health transfers to provinces and territories significantly since the first came into government in 2015, and almost 11 million payments have been made. The government would continue to work with the provinces and the territories to ensure that more people who need help would get it. The members then asked questions about the government's response to the situation in the provinces, and how the government was going to tackle the problem in the long term. In the end, the meeting concluded with ministerial announcements.
According to the Prime Minister, the priority in this situation was getting money out to the millions of Canadians who needed it as quickly as possible, but of course fraud was unacceptable. That's why the government had put safeguards in place to ensure that anyone who received that money fraudulently would have to repay it. All fraudsters would be required to pay back the money they had received from the government.
The Minister of Seniors said that the government was taking all necessary measures to help seniors during the pandemic. The government was working with the industries involved to ensure that they had a sufficient workforce, and would continue to work with other orders of government, particularly the provinces in whose jurisdiction this area rests primarily, to support answering these questions for the long term on how to improve the way Canada supports seniors in all regions.
The Prime Minister explained that beginning Friday, students in Quebec and Canada would be able to apply for the Canada emergency student benefit, which was a good thing. When they applied, they would all be directed to a job bank that would be set up to make sure they knew what jobs were available to get not only the money they needed, but also the experience they needed for their future, while helping the society in this crisis. Students can be part of it, but at the same time the government must provide the necessary support for those who can't find a job.
Hon. Navdeep Bains mentioned that the government had issued 590,000 loans through the CEBA account, which was a testament to the design of the program. The Canada emergency wage subsidy covered 75% of the wages of employees, and that way they could maintain their jobs. The government had also put forward the enhanced work-sharing program, an option for businesses to pay their employees.
Hon. Bill Morneau said that Canada came into this crisis with a very strong fiscal position, and of course they would experience challenges as they moved forward, but they believed that they should experience those challenges as we support Canadians. They remained committed to doing, as they had said, whatever it took to support Canadians through this challenging time. They would continue to focus on how they could support Canadians and Canadian businesses as they got through this challenge.
Hon. Navdeep Bains said that the government had demonstrated flexibility and nimbleness in the eligibility criteria by decreasing the payroll threshold for individual companies that want to apply for this loan to $20,000 versus $50,000, and the upper limit had gone to $1.5 million versus $1 million. The eligibility criteria to compare to the first two months of this year now also compared to the previous year as well. They were going to continue to make changes to make sure more businesses can access this program.
Hon. Navdeep Bains, Minister of Innovation, Science and Economic Development, answered a question from the opposition party leader, Michael Chong, about the support for the arts, culture, and tourism industry under the leadership of the government. The minister explained that the government was committed to supporting the industry and would continue to do so in the coming months.
The meeting began with a brief introduction of the team's plans for the coming week. The professor wanted to know what everyone knew about the last meeting with Hynesk. The team discussed some of the points that they had been addressing in the mail they sent last week, including the downsampling problem, the length of the filters, and how to train more robust models. They also discussed how they could improve the performance of the back-end recognizer for the Aurora task by performing a more robust version of spectral subtraction. The meeting ended with a discussion about how the team could train a stricter version of the model to do better.
The team was discussing how to train nets to detect acoustic features that are useful for speech recognition. The professor mentioned that the team was working on the problem of overloading of the term feature. The team was trying to get a handle on what good features are and how to classify them. They were also trying to figure out where to train the detectors.
The professor thought that it would be helpful to combine different kinds of representations in the front-end of the model in order to get robustness under difficult or typical conditions. He also suggested that the decision about how strongly to train the different pieces was based on a reasonable criterion with hidden variables rather than just assuming that you should train every detector with equal strength towards this phone or that phone.
The professor recalled that there had been a researcher at A.T. who was trying to do speech recognition from these kinds of features. The professor thought that the data looked like it was continuous variables and a bunch of them, but he did not know how complicated it was to go from there. He thought that binary labels were more appropriate.
PhD B informed the team that he had sent around a plan for an experiment to see if improving the back recognizer for the Aurora task would affect the results. The plan was to take the original system trained on mel cepstral features and then optimize the HTK system and run the same thing for the ICSI-OGI front-end. PhD B then went on to find a pronunciation dictionary for Italian digits and looked at the number of phones in each of the digits.
PhD B thought that the HTK back-end used the same number of states for all of the models, so PhD B went on line and found a pronunciation dictionary for Italian digits to look at the number of phones in each one of the digits. PhD B was able to go through from beginning to end the full HTK system for the Italian data and got the same results that Stephane had.
The professor wanted to know what the team could do to improve the performance of the back-end recognizer for the Aurora task. He thought that they could add forward calculations to get the gammas and train on those. The professor also suggested that the back recognizer could do some fine-tuning for special cases, such as nasality and voicing.
This is the first meeting of the group to discuss the design of the new remote control. First, the group had a look at each other's experiences with different kinds of remote controls. Then, they discussed the weight of the remote control, the size of the buttons, and the type of the LED on the corner. Finally, they talked about the budget and the material used in the design. The group agreed that the goal of a remote control is that it has an influence on the TV set.
Industrial Designer thought big buttons were not easy to use. User Interface thought the goal of a remote control was that it had an influence on the TV set and that it controls the channels and the volume. Project Manager thought it was positive if there was an LED on the corner of the remote so that users would know it still had batteries on it in it and that if you push the button the LED gave a light, and you could see that it was working. Marketing thought it would be nice if they had one for all.
User Interface thought it would be positive if there was an LED on the corner of the remote so that users would know that it still had batteries on it and that if you push the button the LED would give a light, and you could see that it was working. Industrial Designer thought that big buttons were better than too many small buttons. Project Manager agreed.
Project Manager started the meeting with a presentation about the agenda for the meeting. Then, Industrial Designer, User Interface and Marketing each gave a presentation on the working design of the remote control. After that, Project Manager gave a general idea of how the new project requirements would look like. Finally, the group discussed the functions of the new remote control and made some decisions about their functions.
Marketing firstly told the target audience or target product users' point of view on functional requirements. Seventy-five percent of the current users thought most controls were ugly, so they thought more money would be spent on better looking controls. Besides, seventy-five per cent of the users zapped a lot, so it might be smart to make a big zapping button or something in the middle, so users could reach it with their thumb. The remote control should be indestructible and the buttons should be recognisable at all times. Also, the learning curve should be very short for the dumbest people should be able to use it.
Project Manager thought that the learning curve should be very short for the dumbest people should be able to use the remote control. In addition, Project Manager suggested that the designer should take into consideration the consequences of using the remote when designing the remote. However, Industrial Designer and User Interface disagreed with him. Industrial Designer thought that people don't read manuals because they don't use it.
Marketing believed that LCD screens were more reachable than speech recognition because the younger generation was more interested in features. However, research on the topic of speech recognition was difficult to realize because it was costly. Therefore, the group decided to look into the costs of those later.
Industrial Designer first gave a presentation about the technical design of the remote control. The team agreed that the remote should be user-centred and user-friendly. The remote control should be indestructible and it should be recognisable at all times. The group also agreed to put the power button at the bottom and the channel and volume buttons at the top. They also agreed that they should put the LCD screen on the top and the most important buttons could be put on the menu.
User Interface thought that they should reduce the option to control the channel up and channel down button and put the power button, channel and volume button in one big circle in the middle, so that the most used buttons were not in the same place and people would not miss them when they were zapping.
Marketing thought it would make the remote look like a calculator if it had an LCD screen on top of it. Industrial Designer thought it was better to put the LCD at the bottom, while User Interface thought it should be at the top. Project Manager thought the LCD could be put on the bottom because most remotes had some space left at thebottom, and that way the shape would be recognisable for everybody. However, Marketing thought it got a bit unnatural with the LCD on top, and it would be hard for users to recognize the remote when sitting in the chair.