This was the second meeting of the Children, Young People and Families Committee on the Child Protection Bill. The meeting started with a question from Lynne Neagle AM about whether the best interests of the child would be taken into account in considering whether to go forward with a prosecution. Barry Hughes answered that it was yet to move from a Bill into an Act, so they would need to make sure that happened. In terms of how they would approach it within the Crown Prosecution Service in Cymru-Wales, they would build themselves up to come up with the appropriate guidance according to the circumstances. They would probably have two or three specialists trained in this so that any case that comes through went to people who had got a close network and could talk with each other.
Suzy Davies thought that there was a greater degree of protection for children, and the value that would derive from this legislation was the message that it sent out. In other words, there would not be many more prosecutions, but there would be fewer than there were presently, because there's a greater level of protection. However, the chances of somebody who's currently protected by the defence and is not part of a bigger case where there's serial smacking or other difficulties in a family, for example—the chances of them getting to you in the first place are pretty low, but they're greater than they are presently. It's nobody's fault; that's just how it is.
Barry Hughes thought that there would be minor financial consequences for the public prosecution service in the period between now and the Bill becoming law, but not significant financial consequences. It boils down to the fact that there's a defence in England for assaults upon children that isn't available in Wales if this Bill goes through, and then it's dealing with the consequences of that. On the evidential stage, he doubted that they would need to do much, other than to make people aware that the defence was not available in the same way that it was in England, and they might have some light-touch guidance around that. When it comes to the public interest stage, that's a little more specialist and they needed to develop more with respect to that.
The two-stage test during prosecutions was the application of the evidential stage, before the public interest stage. The Crown had to show that there had been an unlawful assault. And if the defence raised an argument and said, 'Well, look, that was a lawful act; I was only doing what I thought was reasonable in the circumstances', it was for the Crown to disprove that. The prosecution had to establish its case beyond a reasonable doubt. In terms of the number of referrals, they were likely to be very limited. When the CPS was asked to conduct a survey across all of England and Wales—this was the review in 2007—it spanned just over a two-year period, and there were 12 cases that were brought up at that stage. So, if you think about that as being about 5 per cent of the volume of criminal prosecutions nationally—you can see why the numbers would be small.
Barry Hughes said that the Crown Prosecution Service in Wales would need to make sure that those people were brought up to speed on the fact that there were some aspects of Welsh law that diverge from English law. They would probably have two or three specialists trained in this so that any case that came through went to people who had got a network and could talk with each other. And when it comes to the practical application of the legislation in Wales, they would almost certainly work on the basis that the number of offences would be very small and they would have some light-touch guidance around that.
Barry Hughes thought that there would be a period of time, perhaps as much as two years, or maybe a little more, while that takes place. In terms of how they would approach it within the Crown Prosecution Service in Cymru-Wales, my approach would be along the lines of working with Kwame and his colleagues to make sure that the guidance that we issue nationally suits both England and Wales. And when it comes to the practical application of the legislation in Wales, we would almost certainly work on the basis that the number of offences would be very small and we would probably have two or three specialists trained in this so that any case that comes through goes to people who've got a close network and can talk with each other.
Barry Hughes thought they would need to update the guidance, and it went back to the application of the evidential stage, before the public interest stage. On the first stage, he doubted that they'd need to do much, other than to make people aware that the defence was not available in Wales in the same way that it was in England, and they might have some light-touch guidance around that. When it came to the public interests stage, that's a little more specialist and they would have to develop more with respect to that.
Vikki Howells AM asked whether there would be a body of out-of-court disposals that were specific to this Bill, given the Assembly's legislative competence to make provision on the face of the Bill was limited. Barry Hughes thought that, within Wales, you could build an infrastructure that provided for a range of out of court disposals. In other words, there was a greater degree of protection for children, and the value that would derive from this legislation was the message that it sent out. However, along the road there, there would have been an element of choice.
The National Police Chiefs' Council was responsible for developing the police approach to out-of-court disposals and simplifying the range of disposals. There was quite a range, and life would be simpler and clearer to have fewer types of disposal with more clarity about what each one of them involved. There would also be cases, and we see these not that rarely, where the police would bring a case to us for a prosecution on the basis that satisfies the evidential stage and satisfies the public interest stage.
Barry Hughes thought that, within Wales, you could build an infrastructure that provides for a range of out-of-court disposals. You can't direct the police or the CPS to point people towards that, but, if you build a good infrastructure, it's more likely that people will be pointed in that direction. It boils down to the fact that there's a defence in England for assaults upon children that isn't available in Wales if this Bill goes through, and then it's dealing with the consequences of that.
Sian Gwenllian AM asked whether there would be any unintended consequences in terms of managing performance and all of the targets that the police need to reach. Barry Hughes answered that there might be some people going through the criminal justice system in an inappropriate way and contrary to the interests of the child, because there was a greater degree of protection for children. However, the chances were pretty low, but they were greater than they were presently.
Barry Hughes thought that the police were much more sensible these days than they may have been 20 years ago, in terms of trying to get cases charged in order to meet some notional target. In the CPS, they don't have targets for securing convictions or not. They prosecute if they think that there's a reasonable prospect, a realistic prospect, of conviction and it's in the public interest, but they have no targets.
According to Karen Cornish, there was a shortage of registered intermediaries in Wales, and the Ministry of Justice had taken action to deal with that, and they had had a number of people who were now in a position to act as intermediaries. Now, of course, if they were to decide not to do that anymore, they would be looking to recruit more people into those positions.
This meeting was mainly about the evaluation of the process of the remote control project. First, Project Manager introduced the product evaluation. Then, Industrial Designer, User Interface, Marketing, and Marketing gave their opinions on the process, the product, and the design of the product. After that, Marketing and User Interface gave their evaluations on the product and the process. The team agreed that the product was high quality and had a high level of features, but it was hard to learn the voice recognition function, so it was not for the novice user. After a while, users who were new to this device would not use this dial as often, so they would not need something like that. After all, it was only for a novice user who would like to explore all these additional functions.
Industrial Designer and User Interface agreed that the most important function was easy to use and the more advanced functions were probably a bit harder. Project Manager agreed that it was hard to learn the voice recognition function and the feel of the remote control was spongy. However, the price of twenty-five Euros for this kind of device was not very expensive for a remote control that had this functionality.
Industrial Designer thought the remote control was easy to use for both types of users. User Interface thought it was hard to learn. Project Manager thought the voice recognition function was hard for the elderly. Marketing thought the zapping, channel switching and volume functions were easy for users, but advanced functions were probably a bit harder.
The group thought the remote control was competitive in the discussion of evaluation criteria of the features. The most important function was easy to use, the zapping, channel switching, volume, and the more advanced functions were probably a bit harder. However, the group thought it was hard to learn the voice recognition function, so it was not for the elderly or the young people. Also, the choice of components and the price were too narrow.
The group agreed that the cost of the product should be 12.5 Euros, which was between 12 and 13. They decided to leave out the solar cells and the voice recognition feature. They also decided to double the number of buttons and to use rubber instead of plastic because they were willing to pay twenty Euros for this kind of product.
The group agreed that the production cost was not under the double. However, the group thought that they could still make a remote control that was more suitable for young people and more advanced users. The group also agreed that there was room for creativity in the choice of components and the number of items and the sum.
Industrial Designer thought that the choice of components was too narrow and the price of the product was too high. In addition, Industrial Designer pointed out that it was not very expensive for a remote control that that had this functionality.
This meeting was about the functional design of the remote control. First of all, the team discussed the functional requirements of the product, including user needs, technical effects, and the working design of remote control functions. Then, Marketing presented a list of the buttons that the team should focus on in order of importance. The most important buttons were those to do with channel selection, teletext, volume, and power. The other ones were the settings, and they were used less than zero point eight to zero point five times per hour. The team decided to have one button for all the settings and one for the audio on the screen, and then from there go on to the speech recognition function. Finally, the group decided to incorporate their corporate image onto the product and make it fashionable.
The functional design of the remote control was based on user needs, technical effects, and the working design. The group agreed on two basic functions which was just the basic remote functions, the user can input a channel or volume setting and it would be output to the TV, and also a location function where the user could press a button on the TV to send a signal to the remote to tell the remote where it was. The remote control would be sold separately and would have to be sold with the remote and people could stick it on their TV. The team also decided to incorporate their corporate image onto this remote control, so they should be fashionable.
Industrial Designer suggested that the finder button and call button could be sold separately because if the sender's on the remote then you'd have to find the remote first to click the button to find it. User Interface thought that it would be better to stick it on the TV so that people could find it on their TV so if they need to find their remote, they would just click it. Project Manager agreed and suggested that they could have the volume and the channel changers just like on that as well.
Marketing suggested that the speech recognition design could be simple instead of being a mass. It could just be a circle with four buttons and the volume and the channel changers just like on that as well. In addition, it could be sold separately because if the sender's on the remote then users would have to find the remote first to click the button to find it.
Industrial Designer suggested that the VCR / VHR / DVD capability button should be sold separately because if the sender's on the remote then you'd have to find the remote first to click the button to find it. User Interface thought that it would be cool to have it all on one button, because it was cool to turn it on then turn up the volume, and then go to the menu, so you don't wanna switch. However, Project Manager thought that they could have the volume and the channel changers just like on that as well.
The meeting began with a brief introduction to the current state of the team's work on speech enhancement. The team discussed how they were trying to improve the performance of their model by adding endpoint information to the baseline and adding the FFT to the model. They also talked about how they could improve the model by using the PLP spectrum to track the peaks in PLP LPC spectra so that they could look at how the energy was moving over time in that spectrum and compare that to the results of the listener tests.
The professor thought that the lapel was a good choice because it was in the middle of the spectrum. However, it was not so close that they got rid of all the interference. The team thought that it might be better if they only had one mike in some ways.
PhD F wanted to know about the computational resources available at the institute. PhD F explained that some of the machines at the Institute have this attribute called "no evict". If you specify that, in one of your attribute lines, then it 'll go to a machine which your job won't be evicted from. The machines that don't have that attribute, if a job gets fired up on that, it knows about all the jobs that it has to run.
The professor mentioned that the workshop was about speech enhancement. The team had been working on a binary feature and that seemed to be improving a lot on the SpeechDat-Car where there was a lot of noise but not much on the TI-digits. The professor thought that adding an additional feature to distin to discriminate between speech and nonspeech was helping to improve the performance of the model. He also mentioned that they were not so close that they got rid of all the interference.
PhD D explained that they were playing with spectral subtraction in the code. The main thing that they did was just to take the spectral subtractions from France Telecom, which provide us some speech samples that are with noise removed. They were not so close that they got rid of all the interference. They had to retune the time constants of the on-line normalization. They also had to do some optimization to make it work.
The team thought that the person in Grenada was not so close that they got rid of all the interference. On the other hand, they could argue that the lapel was a good choice because it was in the middle.
The professor thought that the Wiener filter was not that great to do if the things were noisy. He thought that it was better to use the filter bank.
The meeting was mainly about the progress of the transcribers' work on transcribing the meetings. The team discussed how to ensure that the data are clean first, and then channelized. The group also discussed how they could make sure that the mark-up was consistent all the way throughout the meeting, and how they would handle acronyms, commas, and other conventions. They also discussed whether they should have a password for each participant, and whether they could use different tools for transcribing. Finally, the team talked about how the team could make the transcripts more user-friendly. They decided that the best way to do it would be to give participants an opportunity to bleep out sections they don't want.
The team is using Sony radio mikes to record meetings. The team is getting used to the new microphones, and the new ones are being assembled as they speak. The new microphones are more comfortable than the old ones, but the team should be conscious about the batteries. They will have to evaluate whether the new headsets are a lot more comfortable.
The team agreed that the recording conventions should be the same for both the transcript and the recording. The professor suggested that the transcript should be strictly from the transcript, but the team thought that the only time someone would need to listen to it is if the transcript was not good. The team also agreed that it would be nice to have the responsibility still on the participants to be responsible for listening to the tape and hearing the transcript.
Transcribers have transcribed a segment of ten minutes that was transcribed by two of the transcribers. The total set of tape is twelve hours of tape, and the total cost of the mikes is nine hundred dollars.
Transcripts would be sent to the team via email, and the team would ask permission to include the data in the corpus for the larger research community. The team would also be allowed to indicate any sections that they would prefer to have excised from the database.
This meeting was about the design of the belief-net. The meeting started with a discussion about how to handle the notion of the ontology now that the belief net itself has properties and the properties are filled in from ontology items. Then the group discussed how to design the intermediate nodes. The professor suggested that they could have a node that was a measure of the match between the object's feature and the user's feature. Then they talked about how they could make the nodes more compact. Finally, the team discussed how they should handle the influence links. They decided that they would have to use some care in the knowledge engineering to not have this explode.
The professor suggested that the value for user and situation models should be the same, but they could have different ranges that are relevant for different decisions or whatever. The professor also suggested that they should have a measure of the match between the object's feature and the user's feature, which could be a function of the interaction between the user and the situation model.
The group agreed that the value of user budget should not be too high because it could influence the outcome of decisions. However, they did not want to make the decision about whether a strike was the sort of thing which was going to keep this user away from the situation model.
The professor proposed that the Go-there decision would have a node from the ontology and a discourse node. The decision would be conditioned externally and might influence various things. The discussion was about how to encapsulate the decision in a way that would make it feasible. The professor suggested that the decision node could be a placeholder for the current state of the user, which would include his money and his time and his energy.
Grad E suggested that the Go-there decision should be logically independent like binary, Go- there and then the possibilities of how to go there because Grad E thought that given the fact that he's thrifty and there will be admission, the user's budget may influence the outcome of decisions.
The team discussed the possibility of the user model affecting the decision about whether a strike is the sort of thing which is going to keep this user away from the Koelner Dome. The professor suggested that they could have a node that was a measure of the match between the object's feature and the user's feature. This would give the team a flavor of what they could do with the match. The team also discussed how to deal with the interaction between the user and the situation.
Grad D suggested that they could have intermediate nodes that just the Endpoint and the Go-there S node sort of fed into. This would allow for the possibility of the user model affecting the decision about whether a strike was the sort of thing which was going to keep this user away from the restaurant.
This meeting was mainly about the new product requirements of the remote control. First, Project Manager introduced the new information about the product requirements. Then, Industrial Designer, User Interface Designer, and Marketing gave presentations on the design of the new remote control functions. After that, Marketing gave a presentation on the functional recurrence of the results of the research conducted by the lab. Finally, the group decided to have a wireless remote control for the television, as it was cheaper and easier to manage.
The group agreed that the remote control should be a fashion and really be the image of the society. They wanted it to be easy to use, powerful and fashionable. They also agreed that it should not be too expensive because they didn't want the price to be too high, because they wanted to be able to produce it. However, they did not want to have too many buttons and too many functions in one button because it would become too complex and it would increase the price and they couldn't do that.
The user interface designer and the industrial designer recommended to have less buttons and still have the same functionality and to have powerful remote control. They thought it was possible to have a wireless remote control because it was a lot cheaper and if you wanted to reach for example some the money you had, if you want to use, then it can be good to have wireless. However, it would increase the price and they couldn't do that.
Industrial Designer thought it would be easier to have a link between the remote control and the television. However, Project Manager pointed out that it would become too complex and it would increase the price and they couldn't do that. So they would have to focus on remote control for the television only. Marketing thought it was better to have wireless because it was easier to manage and it was cheaper.
Industrial Designer suggested that the remote control should be wire-based because it was easier to manage and it was cheaper. However, Project Manager thought that wireless was better for the cost and if it was a lot cheaper and if you wanted to reach for example some the money you had, then it could be good to have a wireless remote control.
The project manager thought it would be easier to have a link between the remote control and the television, but it would increase the price of the production of the remote controls. He also thought that a cable would be too complex and it would raise the price.
The user interface designer thought that it would be possible to have less buttons and still have the same functionality and to have powerful remote control, but less buttons would be difficult for the user to know. He also thought that having many functions in one button was not that good if you want to zap a lot.
Project Manager suggested that the remote control should be fancy, fashion, powerful, easy to use and attractive. The group agreed that the product should be attractive and fashionable. Project Manager also suggested that it would be good to have a link between the remote and the television. However, Project Manager thought it would increase the price of the production of the remote.
The user interface designer and the industrial designer agreed that the remote control should be simple and easy to use. However, they thought it would be better to have a wireless remote control for the television because it was cheaper and easier to manage. They also agreed that it was possible to have less buttons and still have the same functionality and to have powerful remote control.
Project Manager thought it would be easier to have a link between the remote control and the television, but it would increase the price of the production. Also, Project Manager wanted the product to be attractive, fancy, powerful and easy to use. In addition, the project manager wanted the image of the society to be recognisable in the product, such as the colour and slogan.
This was the meeting of the House of Commons Committee on the Status of Women and the Persons with Disabilities. The meeting was mainly about the COVID crisis for people with disabilities. The minister of diversity and inclusion and youth introduced the government's first youth policy, and it was created by youth for youth to ensure that all young people were equipped to live healthy and fulfilling lives, and were empowered to create positive change for themselves and their communities. In addition, the government launched the community support for black Canadian youth program, which supported 56 projects to address the unique challenges faced by black youth through the unique development of leadership and civic engagement. They also called on the government to schedule nation-to-nation talks between the Wet'suwet'en nation and the federal and provincial governmentswhich was something that they were happy to see has been happening and they commend the government for that effortand to prioritize the implementation of the UN Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples.
According to the members, the government had put forward a number of measures that would help Canadians in a tangible way. However, the entire industry was frustrated with the delay that they were facing, and the eligibility criteria had yet to be finalized after 54 days. Moreover, the EDC and BDC programs that this government had failed to deliver upon. The Saskatchewan Minister of Energy and Resources had spoken about a gaping hole that existed in terms of support for the energy sector.
Hon. Patty Hajdu denied that the Prime Minister had shown fervour for all aspects of dealing with the coronavirus from the very inception of the virus on the world stage. In fact, the funding we're providing is in addition to the $40 billion that was transferred in the last mandate for health services, including mental health and home care services. Furthermore, as my colleague Minister Bains just stated, we are mobilizing and retooling the domestic industry.
Hon. Mlanie Joly explained that the government was working hard to ensure that everyone had the supports they needed. The tourism sector had been deeply impacted by the pandemic and the economic crisis. That's why, as a government, they're there to help with the wage subsidy, which has been extended until the end of August, as the tourism sector has been asking us to do; with the CEBA loans, the $40,000 loans, which also include a subsidy; and with the commercial rent relief. All these play together as they work to provide a comprehensive forward-looking support package for Canadians.
Hon. Steven Guilbeault (Minister of Canadian Heritage) said that the government had already increased the budget of the Office of the Auditor General in the 2018-19 period. With this increase, the office was able to add the equivalent of 38new full-time staff to its team. In addition, the government worked with the Auditor general to increase funding in 2018-09. If the Auditor Generals identified a need for additional resources, they would work with her to ensure that her office could continue to deliver its mandate efficiently and effectively.
Hon. Denis Trudel (LongueuilSaint-Hubert, BQ) asked the government to extend the CERB, with an employment incentive. He sent an email saying he was an arts worker and there was no forecast for his job to be reopened. He wanted to go back to work, but there's no work. He was now dependent on the government. Hon. Carla Qualtrough assured that the government was working hard to ensure that everyone had the supports they needed. In fact, the measures in today's legislation would help them to get the flexibility to be able to do just that.
According to the GBA+ analysis, the government had discovered this prior to rolling out inadequate programs for women. This was something that had been brought to the government's attention for months now, and still nothing had been done.
This meeting was about the design of a new remote control. The project manager introduced the team members to each other and gave them a brief overview of the project. Then, the project manager asked each team member to make a list of their favourite characteristics of the remote control and to draw something in the white board. After that, the group discussed the product cost and the selling price of the product, which would be twenty-five Euros.
Industrial Designer thought that the remote control should be original, trendy and user-friendly. User Interface thought that it should be international. Marketing thought that people would be interested in buying a new remote control with maybe new functionalities that didn't exist in the existing remote controls now. Project Manager thought it was important to keep in mind that the product cost would be not more than twelve Euros and fifty centimes.
When discussing the product features, Project Manager proposed that the product should be international because they wanted to sell it in the entire world and the product cost would be not more than twelve Euros and fifty centimes.
The product price would be twenty-five Euros and the product cost would be 12.5 Euros. The product would be sold in the entire world and the cost would not be more than twelve Euros and fifty centimes.
Project Manager introduced the work division of the project. The functional design was for the User Interface Designer and the industrial design was to design how the object would look like and how the user would know the relation between the remote control and the user. The group would work on the design of technical fun functions and think of the user requirement specifications. The product cost would be 12.5 Euros and the selling price of the product would be 25 Euros.
The industrial designer thought that the user interface designer would design how the user would know the relation between the user and the remote control.
Industrial Designer thought the user interface designer would design how the user would know the relation between the user and the remote control. User Interface thought the industrial design would be how the object would look like. Project Manager thought that the industrial designer would take care of the industrial way to transform it.
The meeting started with a discussion about how the team could add a middle layer to the data collection. The first idea was to add the features that they had drawn from the communication of some abstract idea, like "I am a tourist" or "I want to go to this place". The second idea was that they could set up features along the lines of where they wanted to go and what they had said previously and what means they should use. The third idea was adding hidden variables to help with the anaphora resolution and coordinating the gesture screen issues.
Grad B thought that the structure of the belief net was going to be different from the model. The model would be in a toy version of it, because they didn't know the probabilities of the intermediate nodes. There would be a hidden layer for the discourse, which would allow them to segment off different regions. They would also be able to do syntactic information, the verbs used, the object types used, modifiers.
The team decided that they would like to collect a list of landmark-iness and syntactic information, the verbs used, the object types used, modifiers, etc. to be added into the representations every di at each dialogue step. There would be a hidden layer for each feature. The model would store the location of each feature on the screen, which would allow the model to store a complete separation between the observed features and in the output. This way they could say "OK, these are the discourse phenomena".
The team discussed the intentionality of the task. The team agreed that the goal was to collect as much of the data as possible, but they were not sure how much the structure of the evolving Bayes-net would affect the data collection. They wanted to be able to segment the data into different regions, and make up some toy nodes. They also wanted to have a hidden layer for syntactic information, the verbs used, the object types used, modifiers, and the general hidden layer. Grad A suggested that they could say "OK, these are the discourse phenomena". They may have there own hidden layer that points to some of the real hidden layers.
The middle layer would be a separate region of the net, which has its own hidden nodes of the discourse which may influence these hidden nodes. The middle layer might be a more general version of the actual phenomenon that you can observe. The features would be the prosody, the discourse, verb choice, syntactic information, the object types used, modifiers, etc.
The importance of SmartKom was that it was a test of the wizard rather than of the subject. The purpose was not really to come up with meaningful probabilities but to get thinking about that hidden middle layer. The goal was to find out what the intermediate nodes were and how deep they could go.
The team agreed to hire Liz to be the wizard for the data collection, transcribe a little bit of the data, recruit subjects, organize them, and so forth. They also agreed to have a trial run with her on Friday afternoon. Grad A suggested that they should wait until they know who is the wizard, and have the wizard partake in the ultimate definition probe. They should find a limit that is reasonable and not go too deep.
This meeting was mainly about the functional design of the remote control. First, the group discussed some initial ideas about how the remote should be designed or formatted or the buttons it should have. Then, they talked about the working design and conceptual design. Finally, they discussed the target market and the price of the product.
Marketing suggested that the group should design a remote control that's water resistant, strong and furry. User Interface suggested that it should be sturdy and sturdy. Industrial Designer suggested that they should have a programming function on the remote control. Project Manager thought that it would be more expensive to use the telly as a screen because it would make it more expensive.
User Interface suggested that people should have a call button on their television to be able to find their remote control so that they always knew where their TV was. However, Project Manager thought it would be hard to put some kind of a noise on it because it would make it more expensive.
Project Manager suggested that the remote control should be five minutes in size. User Interface suggested that it could be bigger to not lose, but Marketing thought that it would be more expensive. Project Manager agreed and suggested that they should have a call button on the television to be able to find their remote control.
Project Manager thought that the cost constraints on the telly screen with the programming function would make it more expensive.
Project Manager suggested having a clip on the remote control so that people could clip it to their TV so that they didn't have to walk over to the TV.
Project Manager introduced the project plan and target revenue. The selling price goal was twenty five Euro and profit aim was fifty million Euro. The target revenue was 12.5 million Euros, which was twelve point twelve fifty for each remote control. The profit for each was twelve fifty.
The meeting began with a brief introduction to the current state of the project. The team discussed the results of the PLP with JRASTA and the results obtained for Italian with straight features using on-line normalization. The results were pretty similar for the different features or features using straight features, but the results were not as good for the multilingual data. The reason for this was that there was not enough complexity in the training set and the neural net was not large enough to represent the variab increased variability in the data. There was also a slight increase in the error rate for the multi-lingual data.
The team discussed the effect of training on different languages. The professor thought that it was important to have more of things that are similar to a target language. The team was concerned that they did not have enough training data for a particular kind of context, so the issue of getting enough training was harder. They were also concerned that there was not enough complexity to represent the variab increased variability in the training set.
PhD D explained that the multilingual model was trained on the broad data and using the net to recognize on the other. The model performed better with the highly mismatched condition but slightly worse with the well matched condition.
The Professor thought that the use of English was not making too much difference in the results. He thought that it might have been just this last category, having two languages broad that were where English was removed.
The professor suggested that the model should have more features that are similar to a target language. The team thought that they could do this by using on-line normalization. However, the model was not performing as well as they expected it to. The professor thought that it would be better if the model had more features. He also suggested that they should have a baseline that is similar to the OGI baseline.
The team discussed the IBM computers that they were using to train their model. The team had originally hoped to get eight processors that were eight hundred megahertz, but they ended up with two that were five hundred and fifty meghertz. More were supposed to come soon and more were only a moderate amount of memory. The IBM machine would be a pretty fast Linux machine.
The team thought that the LDA introduced delays but they were claiming that it was within the boundaries of it. The temporal LDA did in fact include the same features and the median filter did not. The LDA was a parallel path so that it didn't introduce any more delay.
This meeting was mainly about the design of the look and feel of the remote control. First of all, Industrial Designer introduced the components of the product. Then, User Interface introduced the user interface design. The group discussed the different energy sources, including solar power, push buttons, scroll-wheels, LCD displays, and voice recognition. After that, the group talked about the material of the case and the shape of the buttons. Finally, they discussed the buttons and the colour of the material.
Industrial Designer first gave a presentation on the components of the remote control. The team decided to use the more battery with solar cell solution for the energy, which was more reliable, it's cheaper, and the feel of the material had to be spongy. Then, the team discussed the design of the look and feel and the user interface design. After that, the group decided to add the corporate identity to the product. The group also decided to keep the standard remote control, which had a simple design and was easy to use.
User Interface suggested that the volume button on the side of the remote control would be perfect because it would be convenient to place all the buttons in a range of thumb. Project Manager thought that the front should be made of rubber and the cover should be plastic with rubber finishing. Industrial Designer thought that a plastic cover with rubber finish would be better than a wood finish because it could be more durable. Marketing thought that they should have a banana-shaped remote control because the market likes fruit and vegetables in their clothes.
The team decided to use the traditional solar power, which is just a piece of material on the remote control which transfers light energy into electricity. The feel of the material had to be spongy and the material of the buttons all all made of rubber. The team also agreed to use wood as the material for the casings.
Industrial Designer pointed out that Nokia had a scroll-wheel, but on their side the volume button was on the side, because you could only use the rubber buttons and the scroll-wheels. Project Manager agreed that the single-curved design was better because it made it different from the traditional devices on the market.
User Interface suggested that the volume button on the side of the remote control would be perfect because it would be convenient for users to grab it like this. Project Manager agreed that it was a good idea, but Industrial Designer pointed out that it would not be possible to print a picture on the device because it was not possible to have something like that on the product itself. The group agreed to use the traditional solar power, which was just a piece of material on the remote which transfers light energy into electricity.
Industrial Designer thought that scroll-wheels could be handy and could be integrated with buttons. However, User Interface pointed out that there was no scenario where users would use a scroll-wheel with a button on it. In addition, Project Manager thought that the team should not use the advanced version of the LCD display, which was a bit more costly. Therefore, the team decided to keep with the regular version.
The team decided not to use LCD displays when discussing interface controls. The advanced version of the chip supported LCD displays, which was a bit more costly, and the regular version was cheaper. They could keep with the simple chip, which is a bit cheaper.
The meeting started with a discussion about the Welsh baccalaureate, which was supposed to improve skills for employment. The aim was an excellent one, but Dafydd Evans thought that they had lost their way in terms of what they did present at the end of the day, and had lost the focus on what they were doing. The Welsh bac had turned into quite a rigorous, some would say demanding, qualification, which put a lot of pressure on in the bureaucracy. The employers were very much questioning the qualifications that had been provided to develop the actual professional skills needed within the industries. And the only way to get employer buy-in was that if they felt ownership of what was being done.
According to Dr Rachel Bowen, most employers in Wales are small or microbusinesses. And while there are lots of small engaged employers who have taken an interest and do understand, the vast majority are more focused on getting on with the day-to-day running of the business. They certainly don't mention the Welsh bac and, as I said, are very much questioning the qualifications that have been provided to develop the actual professional skills needed within the industries.
Dafydd Evans thought that it was fair to say employers didn't understand it, that's for sure, but if they did, they would really appreciate this. And the only way they would get employer buy-in was that if they felt ownership of what was being done. And I think that rather than it being done by the colleges or by a qualifications board, the employers should be a key part of that review, so that employability skills and entrepreneurial skills had more of a role within the qualification.
According to Dr Rachel Bowen, most employers in Wales are small or microbusinesses. And that means it's quite a challenge to understand what is the Welsh bac, what does it offer. And while there are lots of small engaged employers who have taken an interest and do understand, the vast majority are more focused on getting on with the day-to-day running of the business. Therefore, the only way to get employer buy-in is that if they feel ownership of what's being done. Dafydd Evans thought that rather than it being done by the colleges or by a qualifications board, the employers should be a key part of that review, so that employability skills and entrepreneurial skills had more of a role within the qualification.
Dafydd Evans thought that the Welsh baccalaureate was trying to be all things to all men. It helped prepare some people—the A-level students for university—but did it help my health and social care people become more skilled and employable? No, it didn't. Therefore, if it was going to be a success, it's got to be contextualised, and for the vocational lecturers to do that, and they had invested heavily in training those vocational teachers to understand how to deliver the bac. It has started to work well when our sports lecturers have taken the Welsh Bac on board and have put it in the context of the sports curriculum. So, there were some very positive things coming out there. But, somehow or other, they had lost their way.
According to the principal of Cardiff and Vale College, the Welsh baccalaureate was not used as a recruitment tool, because most of the colleges across Wales, as you see, they value the Welsh language skills. They don't say, 'Come to us and you don't have to do A-levels, they say it's compulsory, unless you're in the Seren group. Where they can afford to go away to university, they encourage that. They do allow sometimes that you can drop a grade. But some of the universities are not valuing it. Therefore, if it's going to be a success, it's got to be contextualised, and for the vocational lecturers to do that.
Dafydd Evans thought that the Welsh baccalaureate should be reviewed and the voice of employers should be a key part of that review, so that employability skills and entrepreneurial skills had more of a role within the qualification. The aim was an excellent one, but perhaps they had lost their way in terms of what they did present at the end of the day, and perhaps having more input from employers would be a great help. And the only way to get employer buy-in was that if they felt ownership of what was being done.
According to Dafydd Evans, some of the universities were not valuing the Welsh baccalaureate. In some areas, and certainly the local universities around here—University of South Wales, Cardiff Metropolitan University—value it in a great number of subjects, particularly in sport, when their students went to Cardiff Met, and business studies, when our learners went to USW. So, to a certain extent, it was less of a problem. But, naturally, they did have students who were looking to go out to universities in England in the Russell Group, and they were having the same experience there where there were differences between the policy that that university extols and what actually happens on the ground when students had interviews in those universities. Therefore, they believed that if it was going to be a success, it's got to be contextualised, and for the vocational lecturers to do that, they had invested heavily in training those vocational teachers.
Nick Brazil thought that universities understood the value of the Welsh bac, but it was a combination. If getting the qualification was how they got the money, then schools—well, and indeed colleges—might be tempted to go for it. However, it was debatable if all the skills that were supposed to be developed in the bac were being developed, and that's why Nick Brazil thought there was a need to relook at it to make sure those skills are being developed fully. But he also thought that the number of the skills and number of challenges that were done within the Welsh Bac were done very similarly within the vocational qualification as well. So, a number of those staff had already got those skills and they were undertaking that.
According to Dafydd Evans, Welsh universities are much more willing to recognise the value of the baccalaureate. It has started to work well when our sports lecturers have taken the Welsh bac on board and have put it in the context of the sports curriculum. So, to a certain extent, it is less of a problem. But, naturally, they do have students who are looking to go out to universities in England in the Russell Group, and they're having the same experience there where there are differences between the policy that that university extols and what actually happens on the ground when students have interviews in those universities.
Dafydd Evans thought that if it was going to be a success, it's got to be contextualised, and for the vocational lecturers to do that, and they had invested heavily in training those vocational teachers to understand how to deliver the Welsh bac. It has started to work well when our sports lecturers have taken the Welsh Bac on board and have put it in the context of the sports curriculum. It's been an intensive staff development process. The approach is a positive one. It was about creating independent, inquiry-based learners who have the skills to look to teachers not as sources of information but just for guidance.
Dafydd Evans thought that if it was going to be a success, it's got to be contextualised, and for the vocational lecturers to do that, and they had invested heavily in training those vocational teachers to understand how to deliver the Welsh bac. It has started to work well when our sports lecturers have taken the Welsh Baccalaureate on board and have put it in the context of the sports curriculum. The aim is an excellent one, but I think the aim was to improve skills for employment. And the only way we'll get employer buy-in is that if they feel ownership of what's being done.
Nick Brazil thought that a comparable qualification was comparable as long as it achieves the right outcome for that particular learner. If it was right for the learner's future, absolutely it was comparable. But if a learner wanted to go into a particular sector and the Welsh bac was not accepted, it was not comparable. However, if it was into a certain sector and skills were being developed in the right manner for that sector, then it would be comparable. It was a combination. But it's got to be right.
The meeting was about the preparation of the guidance and the curriculum going out in January. First of all, Kirsty Williams AM introduced that the guidance would be published through the school website, so the outcomes of that would be measured and the strategy of using pioneer schools, external experts, back to pioneer schools or engaging regions in that, has been more measured and planned against a planned timescale. The innovation schools have led to a very specific piece of work as they do the final refinement, and their main role was working with us on these final refinements to the content but also to the assessment issues and accountability issues. Then, Steve Davies AM explained that the provision for innovation schools would be provided for in subordinate legislation, but the provision would be there, and they would have the status of something that was not optional, basically, for a school.
Kirsty Williams AM said that they would publish a final version of the curriculum in January 2020, so schools would then have the opportunity to be really engaging in it. They would expect to introduce the Bill following the Easter recess. The provision would be there, and they would have the status of something that's not optional, basically, for a school. They won't be literally in the Bill, because, obviously, you might want to change the emphasis, so that would be provided for in subordinate legislation.
Kirsty Williams AM explained that there would be a statutory framework to ensure that progression is the same wherever you are in Wales. The qualifications have to arise out of the curriculum, and the qualifications should not be dictating the curriculum. The Bill would introduce the Bill following the Easter recess, so schools would be right in the middle of their preparation for the introduction of the new curriculum in January 2020, so they would then have the opportunity to be really engaging in it.
The 'what matters' are the articulation of the big ideas. They were always intended to represent, as a whole, the learning that every learner should get. The actual need and the compulsion, the expectation that you have to do that, will be on the face of the Bill. They won't be literally in the Bill, because, obviously, you might want to change the emphasis, so that would be provided for in subordinate legislation, but the provision would be there, and they would have the status of something that's not optional, basically, for a school. So the actual wording would be in secondary legislation.
Kirsty Williams AM said that the government placed value on different sectors, such as health, education, social care, and the environment, because the government believed that the value of each of these sectors had been shared internationally and it was important to have a system that provided public assurance and public confidence in the education system.
Kirsty Williams explained that classroom teachers were absolutely crucial to this, which is why, first of all, they had taken the difficult step to delay the implementation of the curriculum to give them the time that they needed to make sure that it was individual classroom practitioners who had the skills that they need to make the most of the opportunity that the curriculum allowed them. The ultimate system that they were going to get to and the ultimate arbiter and the part of the system that provides public assurance and public confidence ultimately ended in Estyn.
Kirsty Williams AM explained that they had got a structure that they could utilise to do that support so that schools were not completely left on their own and they could be working with other schools, with their regional consortia, going forward. They also had a strong middle tier and the role that the middle tier was playing in Wales, which was absent in Scotland. The ultimate system that they were going to get to and the ultimate arbiter and the part of the system that provided public assurance and public confidence ultimately ended in Estyn.
Kirsty Williams AM explained that the money that was agreed was for a two-year period and, clearly, they continue to have conversations with the Minister for Finance and the First Minister around future allocations for professional learning, and I'm sure this committee and, indeed, members of this committee could help me in that task. So, there would clearly be an ongoing programme of preparation development and personal development, as well as anything else. Because, as I said earlier, the curriculum itself can be amazing, but if classroom teachers and our professionals were not equipped to deliver it, then all this change would be for nothing.
Dawn Bowden AM asked Kirsty Williams AM whether the money allocated for professional development preparation was for two years. He answered that it was not an insignificant amount; it was the largest investment in professional learning since the history of devolution. The money was being made available to each and every school and has empowered headteachers to really think, 'What are the professional needs of my school and the practitioners in my school?' Because, as they've just heard from Claire, there are some schools that have been part of the pioneer process from the very beginning and therefore are further along that development chain. There are other schools that maybe are only beginning now, now that it's published, to be really engaging with the curriculum. So, investing in the profession is absolutely crucial.
Kirsty Williams explained that all of the schools that had previously been pioneers were invited to apply to morph into the next phase, which was innovation schools, and they were asked to apply and there was a discussion held both internally within Welsh Government and with the consortia about which schools were best placed to be able to do that role and to continue to work with us, going forward. The innovation schools have led to a very specific piece of work as they do the final refinement, and their main role was working with us on these final refinements to the content but also to the assessment issues and accountability issues.
Kirsty Williams explained that awareness and understanding of human rights embedded in the new curriculum was currently set out in overarching guidance and they continue to work with the children's commissioner's office to map the rights of the child across each area of learning and experience.
Sian Gwenllian AM suggested that there needs to be a directory of resources to implement that Welsh dimension. Kirsty Williams AM agreed with that and will be publishing such a resource. The continuum for language would have to be contextualised depending on the setting where a child was being taught. There would be progression points on that continuum that would be there to progression both in tuition and in school.
Sian Gwenllian AM asked about the single continuum of learning with regard to the Welsh language. Kirsty Williams AM answered that there would be progression points on that continuum that would be there to show progression both in Welsh language and in the English language, and they had to be contextualised. The progression steps and achievement outcomes in Welsh-medium schools would be more speedy and quicker, and by the end of primary school they would be in a very different position than a child that was learning Welsh in an English-medium school.
This meeting was about the conceptual design of the remote control. First, the group discussed the functional design. Then, they talked about the features of the components and the properties and the specifications of the user interface. After that, they decided to make a profit of fifty million Euros by selling fifty million remote controls in Europe. The production cost were about half the price of selling price, so the profit would be about 50 million Euros. Finally, they discussed how to make the product more user-friendly.
The group discussed the conceptual design of the remote control, including the functions and some possible advanced techniques. The group agreed that it had to be original, trendy, user-friendly and easy to use. The remote control should be made from good quality materials and the infrared thing must be from very good quality. The production cost were about half the price of selling price, so the cost of the production cost would be about half of the selling price.
The Project Manager thought that the remote control was just a black thing with some buttons on it, it's not very special, but a lot of buttons. The remote control had to be original, trendy, user-friendly, trendy and trendy. It had to have a different form than a normal remote control, and the infrared thing must be from very good quality. The production cost were about half the price of selling price, so it was not too expensive to put a touchscreen on it.
Marketing thought that the remote control should be made in the same style as the television, so that people could use it from everywhere in their room. However, the Industrial Design pointed out that it was not necessary to make it the same as the TV because people don't have the same television all the time, so it would not be a universal remote control. Also, the infrared was not as good as a normal remote control, so the strength of the remote was not good.
Industrial Design suggested that the remote control should be clear and clear so that users could see what buttons were used often and that the infrared thing must be from very good quality. Also, the buttons that users used often were buttons that could fold open, so that when they had it closed, they could still do the functions. The remote control could also have a small touch screen on it.
User Interface suggested that the basic things on the remote control should be on the same place, like on off button on top and the TV channels one two three four as a block, and then the volume on top, so you can see. The infrared thing must be from very good quality.
User Interface suggested that the basic things on the remote control should be on the same place, like on off button on top and the TV channels one two three four as a block, and then the volume button obviously on top, so that people could see. The rest of the buttons should be clear so that users could see them.
The meeting was mainly about the progress of the project. The team discussed how they could improve the quality of the data they were collecting and how to improve the performance of their model. The meeting also discussed the potential for the team to collect more data from different domains, such as speech and acoustic, and how the team could use the data to learn more about each domain. The group also discussed whether they could collect data from a few different kinds of meetings, and whether it would be helpful to have a bunch of data from one domain, or a few kinds of meeting, to get a better idea of what is going on in a given meeting. They also discussed how the data could be used for discourse analysis.
The team discussed how they could record meetings in a safe environment. The idea was to record meetings once a week, and if one of them was up there once a month to record the meeting or something, they could have a control set. The team also discussed the possibility of using a speech recognizer, broad class, or not broad class to try to classify the difference class.
Grad B suggested that the team should advertise to linguistics grad students to get more fluent English speakers. Postdoc E suggested that it would be a good idea to have a corpus of English speakers in order to have the widest range of central corp things that people generally use corpora for.
The team discussed the location of the recording equipment. The professor suggested that they could set up a room in the linguistics department, but it would be difficult to get more regular meetings of types that they know about in the university. The team also discussed the possibility of setting up a meeting room in another building where they could record people there once a week.
The group discussed the idea of making portable equipment so that they could wheel it around. The idea was that they would be able to record a meeting once a week to record the meeting or something, and if one of them was up there, they could use the equipment to transcribe the meeting. However, there would be a complication if a person turned their back to the PDA and some of the positional information went away.
Grad B informed the team that they were slowly getting to the point where they have enough room to record meetings. He also informed them that they should consolidate Meeting Recorder onto one disk rather than spreading them out.
Postdoc E suggested that they could get more space in the room to record meetings. The team was slowly getting to the point where they had enough room. However, it would be a big deal just to get somebody to put two microphones in the PDA and one of them had a PDA. They could put a third in.
This meeting was about the new remote control for kids and elderly. First, the group discussed the working design of the remote control. Then, the team discussed the new slogan of the company, which was "One of a kind". Then, they discussed the features of the new product, such as speech recognition and LCD screen. Finally, they decided to put the fashion in electronics and put the chip in electronics. After that, they talked about how to design the buttons and how to make it easy to use.
Marketing first gave a presentation on the functional requirements of the new product. The new product should reach a new market with customers are the younger than forty than forty and it should be flashy or just more interesting. It should be easy to use, easy to learn and easy to understand so that it can be used with all the TVs. The user interface should be simple with basic functions like numbers and that sort of stuff. The buttons should be big so that people can use it easily. The LCD on the remote control should be on the in the all remote control have to be LEDs.
Marketing thought it was not useful enough to take the effort to design something with speech recognition because it was very hard to figure out how to use it. The new product should reach a new market with customers who were younger than forty and older than forty, so it should be flashy or just more interesting. Also, the usability was not that required, because the usability in the mobile phones was not good.
User Interface thought that basic functions like numbers and that sort of stuff should be easy to use, and for elderly people big buttons should be put on there so it didn't take much time to figure out how to use it.
Industrial Designer introduced the technical function design of the remote control. The remote control should only be used for a television, so that it can be used with all the TVs. It should be flashy and and popular. The user interface should be easy to use, so it doesn't take much time to figure out how to use it. The buttons should be clear and easy to find. The slogan should be "Fashion in electronics", which was the motto of the team. The team decided to put the fashion in electronics.
This meeting was about the evaluation of the look-and-feel model and the production cost of the remote control. First of all, Industrial Designer presented the basic elements of the design, including the material, shape, material, colour, material changeable, and transparent. Then, Marketing gave a presentation on the evaluation criteria, and the team gave an average score on each criterion. After that, the team discussed the cost of production of the new remote control, which was 12.3 Euros. The production cost was determined to be 12.5 Euros.
Marketing presented the evaluation criteria from one to zero. The evaluation criteria were the fancy look-and-feel, speech, scroll wheel, scrolling wheel, slide, backlight, colour changeable, non-rubber buttons, and the backlight thing, the thing that lights up. The group gave an average score of one to two for each of the criteria, and then they could give themselves an average for their product.
Marketing thought that the first part of the remote control was easy to use, but the second part, like speech, etcetera, would be harder to learn. User Interface thought the second layer was more difficult to use. Project Manager agreed.
Marketing suggested that the evaluation criteria of market trend should be based on the reports from the marketing strategy, the research about the new needs and the users and the market trend. Marketing also suggested that they should test the criteria from one to zero and give an average for each criterion.
The team decided to use the drawing board for the design of the remote control. The cost of the project would be 12.3 Euros and the production cost would be 3.5 Euros. They would use a rechargeable battery and the material should be hard plastic, non-rubber buttons, colour changeable, and transparent. The backlight would be a normal backlight and the buttons would be grey with a little colour around it.
User Interface thought that they got wrong information at the wrong time. The main problem was that they didn't have enough time to design the inside as well. The material should be hard plastic, non-rubber buttons, colour changeable and transparent, and the backlight thing should be the thing that lights up. Also, the on-off button should be bigger, so it stands out and at a place they easily are, easy to find.
This meeting was about the evaluation of the prototype design of the remote control. First, the team discussed the product specification and prototype design. Then, the group discussed the evaluation findings of the previous meeting and the evaluation results of the market research. The team agreed that the product should be fancy look and feel, technological innovation, easy to use, it should incorporate current fashion trends and was easy to locate. They also agreed to incorporate voice recognition software into the design until they could find out more about the cost of things like that. Finally, they discussed whether they should go ahead and produce this as a prototype and market it, or do they have to make further modifications.
Marketing presented the evaluation results of the simulation market evaluation of the new remote control. The group agreed that the remote control had a fancy look and feel, technological innovation, easy to use, it should incorporate current fashion trends and was easy to locate. The team also agreed that it was high enough at the upper end of the scale to go ahead with the production of the prototype and market it. The lowest rating they got, which was not terribly low, was for minimisation of repetitive strain injury. The highest rating was for two of the six criteria there and the lowest rating was close around neutral. They decided to incorporate voice recognition software into the design until they could find out more about the cost of it.
Marketing thought that the incorporation of current fashion trends in the prototype was a good idea, particularly in relation to the market research findings about the spongy texture to the exterior and the fruit and vegetable design colours. Marketing also thought that it incorporated current trends and was easy to locate, which was a positive sign for the remote control.
Marketing thought that the minimization of repetitive strain injury was high enough at the upper end of the scale for the remote control to go ahead with the prototype and market it. However, he doubted if on the basis of current technology and their current capabilities, they could actually do much more to minimise that.
The team discussed the cost calculation and budget issues. The cost of the remote control was below budget with recommendations that the budget should be increased. The team decided to incorporate voice recognition software into the design until they could find out more about the cost of things like that. The case material was soft, rubbery, changeable and rubber according to the design. The LCD screen would be split over two two different layers, so it would need two separate P-C-B-s. The infrared sender would be on one of the bottom layer. The rubber buttons that they would use would be anti-R-S-I and they would be bright funky designs inspired by fruit and vegetable, keeping with the hip kind of feel. The remote control would have a combination of LCD and rubber buttons. The bottom screen would just contain the standard buttons, like the volume up and down, channel up, channel down, power on and off, and things to that effect.
User Interface thought that the replacement of the kinetic batteries would make a huge difference to the cost of the product. He suggested that they could change the battery to a standard one.
Marketing thought the voice recognition sounds wonderful, but the object was so distinctive that that that in itself was gonna make it easier to locate as a first instance. Therefore, they decided not to incorporate voice recognition software into the design until they could find out more about the cost of things like that.
The meeting started with a discussion about the role of the school and the local authority in helping to support pupils remain in mainstream schools. Then, Dr Ian Johnson and Nick Williams talked about the importance of professional learning for any teacher or provider, or it's sometimes the more informal training they receive by making visits, joint visits, to provision and also using the expertise that they do have within the sector to work more closely with our schools, and vice versa, particularly around the curriculum. Finally, Liz Williams and Sarah Davies talked about how they were trying to get more of a child-centred voice around this.
According to Nick Williams, the biggest challenge was the capacity. The Welsh Government was trying to work on the fact that, if children move out of school, the funding follows them. But just sometimes, the Government didn't think about the staff in the pupil referral units, because they had gone back to the Government to tell them, 'Right, you've provided money to school staff, but what about staff that need training—perhaps more than staff in school sector?' And in fairness, they had addressed that, but perhaps it was not at the forefront of their minds when they were thinking of providing funding to the schools. So, it was a little bit of an afterthought.
David Hopkins thought that the ALN legislation would put pressures on, not just local authorities and schools, but also on the post-16 sector, because they were talking now about a wider age range—doing up to 25 as well. It was difficult to know how headteachers and governing bodies would react. If they were under pressure financially or in terms of performance measures, they would react in a particular way. However, the most recent inspection was very positive, and not that we recognise that there's no work to be done; we're not being complacent. But to answer your question, I think the biggest challenge was the capacity. There was a lot of pressure on schools to perform, and the whole culture that the schools were within did an element of it to some extent. So, I suppose that comes down to additional funding, because I'd like a dedicated educational psychologist spending their time possibly only with our PRU youngsters and EOTAS provision, but we haven't got the capacity because of the demands on us from the wider system.
David Hopkins thought that the factors that really affected exclusions were the narrow measure at the end of key stage 4 attainment, which had put pressure on some schools, certainly, and headteachers had felt that—sometimes excluded, or otherwise put into another school as a consequence, which was regrettable, but that's what's happened. The delegation levels were already very high in most authority areas, and they had agreements in place with the Government to make sure that more money, or as much money as possible, was devolved to schools. So, there were financial pressures there, but David Hopkins didn't think the levels of delegation had any impact on that. And on the additional learning needs side, whilst the Minister had currently made some more money available, if they look at experiences that have happened in England, in particular, because there were direct parallels there with legislation, they know from those experiences that ALN funding had become increasingly under pressure.
According to Nick Williams, one of the things that has improved a lot is the networking within the PRU sector. They meet on a regular basis, and that's nationally. They put on some very, very good conferences as one form of professional learning. And they're talking about professional learning for any teacher or provider, or it's sometimes the more informal training they receive by making visits, joint visits, to provision and also using the expertise that they do have within the sector to work more closely with our schools, and vice versa, particularly around the curriculum.
According to Nick, the biggest challenge was the capacity. One of the things they have already noted is the time between being excluded and entering some kind of EOTAS provision. So, that in itself—and I've heard people talking about the capacity issues—shows what's happening to these children, at a time when they are most vulnerable because they are outside of the system. But also, in fairness to PRUs, they've been trying to work on the fact that, if children move out of school, the funding follows them. They don't want a lag in the system, because they have to meet the challenge of the pupils, but the money is still in the schools, because it's once a year that they have that funding.
Sian Gwenllian AM wanted to know what was the major challenge for the transition of the excluded students? Nick Williams answered that there was variation from term to term, from week to week sometimes, in the level of provision that a school was going to have to provide for trying to retain those pupils in mainstream schools. And sometimes, they had to look at every aspect within the school in terms of their learners, then, and that did place additional pressure on the schools.
The meeting discussed the pros and cons of local authoritative frameworks. In terms of the pros, the team thought that it was important to have somebody who can mentor the pupils in the school and that it showed good practice. The team also agreed that it would be good to have someone who could mentor the children in the classroom, and it was also important to ensure that there was consistency across the whole school. However, in the case of the PRUs, they had to look at every aspect within the school in terms of their learners, then, and that did place additional pressure on the schools. They didn't want a lag in the system, but the money was still in the schools, because it was once a year that they had that funding.
According to Sharon Davies, local authorities should take in the quality assurance of individual intuition. They have to be broad and balanced currently. And sometimes, they have to look at every aspect within the school in terms of their learners, then, and that does place additional pressure on the schools.
According to Nick Williams, there was a lot of responsibility by the school and the local authority, but some responsibility also sits with the parent as well. They must know where to go for support themselves, and a parent can't necessarily know the rights of their child to education and what their child was supposed to be having if they're not provided with all of the information. So, it's more complicated than just the child behaving in a certain way, or being school-anxious, whatever the issue is. So it's important to share that.
According to Nick Williams, it was important for teachers to be equipped with the training and to understand the link between inequality and all the things that come under that term, and challenging behaviour, and if teachers were aware of that, and trained properly to deal with that, the risk of exclusion would ultimately lessen. So, that should be built in to their teacher training, and even through their ongoing professional development, both ways—staff actually coming out to schools, going into our provision and vise versa—because you can also get very isolated if you've worked in PRUs for a long time. And I think this is the opportunity the new curriculum provides, providing our staff have the funding to do that and the opportunities we need to be creating around that as well.
According to Nick Williams, the biggest challenge was that there was a capacity issue, because if they took them out of the provision, it was difficult for a supply teacher to come in and manage that class because of the demands. There really wasn't the capacity for them to access professional training. So, that should be built in to their teacher training, and even through their ongoing professional development, both ways—staff actually coming out to schools, going into our provision and vise versa—because you can also get very isolated if you've worked in PRUs for a long time. But there's working together now in terms of the new curriculum, and using the opportunity that exists now to collaborate with school staff as well.
The transport for EOTAS learners in rural areas would be provided in the PRU. It would be a team-around-the-family approach, to ensure what is needed for that learner to go back into school, what can the school provide. It's looking at the whole package of support, then, that surrounds not just the learner but the family, whether it's transport.
This meeting was mainly about the design of the remote control. First of all, the group discussed the target group and the functions of the product. Then, they discussed the new requirements of the project, including the target age group, the colour colours, the slogan, the corporate image, the shape of the buttons, and the material used in the product, as well as the cost of the components and the user-friendliness. After that, they reached a consensus that they should focus on customers that are younger than forty, because the product should be interesting and and should be bought by people younger than 40.
User Interface proposed that the remote control should be easy to use with not so many buttons. It should be an easy interface with only a volume and a programme one button. There should be a central point to which users could go and perform some kind of function. There would be no fancy lights and no infrared light. The remote control would be transmitted by a infrared diode, and there would not be a power source. Also, the corporate image should be recognisable in the product.
Industrial Designer thought that the ten digits could be combined with the find the remote control function. However, there was only one disadvantage by implementing this function, which was that the power saving power saving would be a bit more difficult.
User Interface thought that the easy-to-use remote control should have only a few buttons, trendy design, nice lightning effects and the sound. He also thought that it should be a combination of teletext buttons and voice recognition.
Industrial Designer thought that the remote control should only be used for television because teletext was out of date and internet was replacing teletext. Therefore, the group decided not to implement a lot of functions and to focus on customers that are younger than forty. Also, the company should focus on the corporate image and the slogan should be recognisable in the product. In addition, the team decided to use a simple design and a simple signal.
The team came up with a solution to prevent customers from losing their remote controls in the discussion of technical issues of the project. The remote control should have a central point to which they could go and perform some kind of function, such as finding the remote control. The team thought that this would make it easy for people to find their remote control and it would be a solution for lost remote controls. However, it was not feasible to implement this function within the costs and all that kind of things.
Industrial Designer thought that the energy source was a good choice for the remote control because it would be more attractable to the customers. However, there were some concerns about the costs and the things like battery lifetime, energy saving. Also, the power saving power saving would be a bit more difficult.
This was the detailed design meeting of the new remote control project. The meeting was mainly about the evaluation criteria of the remote control. First of all, Project Manager introduced the agenda of the meeting. Then, Industrial Designer and User Interface gave a presentation on the design of the product, and then the group discussed the prototype presentation of the design. Then the group talked about the production costs of the project, and discussed the material and the type of chip that would be necessary for the more advanced iPod-like button. After that, the group decided on batteries and the regular chip. Finally, the team discussed whether the product meets the standards set at the start.
Industrial Designer introduced the detailed design of the remote control. The remote control would be made up of a wheel, a power button, a menu button and a squishy spongy rubbery base. There would be plastic for that area around the button and rubber would be the squishy like thing around the base. A regular chip would be necessary for the more advanced iPod-like button, and a special chip for the locator. It would be interchangeable, so people would be encouraged to buy three or five of them, because they would need to switch 'em out.
Industrial Designer proposed to change the shape of the remote control so that it could be shaped like a fruit. The remote control would be made of rubber with a squishy spongy rubbery feel and the base would be interchangeable so that users could change the colour according to their living room or whatever. However, it would be difficult to make sure that it's hand-holdable and that the user can use it because it would have to be detachable. Project Manager suggested that they could design a pattern on the rubber.
Industrial Designer first introduced the process of the project. The team had analysed the user requirements and integrated them to the trends found in marketing reports and in the company strategy marketing. Then, they decided on the materials they would use and what kind of chip would be necessary for the more advanced iPod-like button. They also discussed the production costs of the remote control. Finally, the team decided to come up with a variety of trendy and exciting fruit designs for the remote controls and encourage people to buy three or five of them, because they would need to switch 'em out.
The group decided to choose the aspect of the shape of the remote to change. The shape could be whatever they wanted and then it would just be like a design on the rubber. It could be either uncurved or flat. It would be either on the front or on the side. The remote control could be interchangeable and people would be encouraged to buy three or five of them, because they would need to switch 'em out.
Industrial Designer thought that there was a lot of room for creativity in the process of the project. Project Manager thought that the team had come up with some innovative ideas. User Interface thought that they could make the touch pad in different shapes, but then that kind of re-designs the whole project.
Industrial Designer thought that the presentation materials were convenient, like the pens, the whiteboard and the pen. User Interface thought that they were nicer than the pen that he was using. Marketing thought that it was convenient to use the pen because it showed up on the screen rather than having to look at the screen and write. Project Manager thought it was a little bit difficult to make sure that it's hand-holdable and that the user can use it.
The meeting began with introductions of the team members to each other and a brief introduction to their respective projects. The team discussed the current state of the project, including the rephrasing of the discotheque question and how to solve it. Then, the team talked about how they could build a probabilistic relational model that has some general, domain-general rules how things are construed, and then the idea is to use ontology, situation, user, and discourse model to instantiate elements in the classes of the probabilistics relational model to do some inferences in terms of what is being construed as what
The thesis proposal is about the construction of a probabilistic relational model that has some general, domain-general rules how things are construed, and then the idea is to use ontology, situation, user, and discourse model to instantiate elements in the classes of the model to do some inferences in terms of what is being construed as what.
Grad C was going to present a talk at EMLM about what they have done here and what they are planning to do at FMRI. The presentation will be about the construction and simulation of the probabilistic relational model. He will also talk about the interaction between the analysis and the construal. He is going to ask people to imagine that they're standing somewhere in Heidelberg and someone asks them in the morning to go to the Cave Forty-Five, a well-known discotheque which is not open at that time.
The meeting was about the construction of a probabilistic relational model that could potentially build a general, domain-general rules how things are construed. The team discussed how the construction and simulation of the model could interact with the ontology, situation, user, and discourse model to do some inferences in terms of what is being construed as what
This meeting was about the design of the remote control. First, the group discussed the concept of the user interface. Then, the team discussed the function of the voice recognition. Finally, they talked about the colour of the product and how it would be seen in the product. The team decided to design a fashion remote control with fancy look and feel.
Industrial Designer first presented the concept of the user interface design. The first concept was easy to use, but with sophisticated functions. The second concept was a fancy controller. The third concept was an intelligent controller with some added value such as the simple vocal commands recognition. The last one was a fashion remote control with fancy look and feel. The group agreed that the fancy remote control should be in general fashion and the colour of the society would be seen in the remote control.
User Interface proposed the concept of intelligent controller because he thought it would be better not to do any intelligent controller and to stay with the Google controller or a fancy controller. He thought that people would not replace their old controller with a new one if there was no key feature in the new controller.
Project Manager thought it would be better not to do any intelligent controller and to stay with the Google controller or a fancy controller. Project Manager thought that people would prefer to use the easy to use, powerful and fancy remote control with some added value such as the simple vocal commands recognition.
Industrial Designer first presented the concept of user interface. The first concept was easy to use, but with sophisticated functions. The second concept was a fancy controller. The last one was intelligent controller. Then the group discussed whether to use a battery like the classical battery or a rechargeable one. Then they decided to have both of them. After that, they talked about the colour of the remote control and the shape of the buttons. Finally, the group decided to design a fashion remote control.
Industrial Designer thought that for the alimentation it would be good to have both of them, so for example in some country where you are in the countryside and you are far from the cities, you just put it on the sun and after one hour you could come back.
Industrial Designer suggested that they could have wood for example in the bottom and some rubber for the buttons, but it would add a little bit of the price to the production cost. Project Manager thought it would be better not to do any intelligent controller and to stay with the Google controller or a fancy controller.
Marketing first gave a short anal analysis of the remote control market and found that people really wanted a fancy look and feel and fancy remote control with some added value such as the simple vocal commands recognition. However, they still wanted it to be technologically innovative, so they needed to have coop some cooperation with some research institute on speech recognition technology and gesture recognition technology. Then, User Interface presented the concept of user interface. It was a combination of easy to use and sophisticated functions. The user interface should be very cute, very very cute and sophisticated.
Marketing recommended to do a short anal analysis of the remote control market and to have a better overview of what's the fashion in general. The first point was that people wanted it to be technologically innovative and easy to use. The second point was they still wanted it technologically innovative. The third point was people wan want it to have spongy touch. The fourth point was to have an easy-to-use remote control with some added value such as the simple vocal commands recognition.
Marketing did a short anal analysis of the remote control market and to get a better overview of what's the fashion in general, fancy look and feel had six points, technologically innovative had three, easy to use had two and advanced features had one. User Interface thought it was important that it was technologically innovative, but it was not so important with respect to other products in the market. Project Manager agreed with User Interface and Industrial Designer that they should stick to the first two parts.
This meeting was mainly about the design of the remote control. First, the group discussed the components of the product. Then, they talked about the look and feel of the design. After that, they discussed the functions of the new remote control, including the basic buttons, on-off, mute, and text TV button. Finally, they decided to make it simple and easy to use. The team then discussed the function of the LCD screen and the speech recognition function. They finally decided that they would not make use of LCD or speech recognition.
Marketing presented the market trend of fancy look-and-feel and technological innovation. The most important aspect for remote controls was the fancy look and feel of the case and interface, which was expected to be spongy. The second aspect was that the remote control should be technological innovative. The third one was the aspect of easy to use. The group agreed that they should use some of the new technology to be innovative.
Marketing thought that spongy remote should be easy to use because it would be fancy and original. It was expected to attract young and trendy people. Besides, it would use some of the new technology to be innovative.
User Interface suggested that the remote control should be more modern and technologically innovative. It should be bigger and a bit smaller than the current remote controls, and the home base should be something like that, something simple. Also, it should be light-up and have a light switch. Besides, User Interface thought it was important to light up the area up so that the focus gets on these parts and not on there.
Marketing suggested that the remote control should be simple, basic, not too many buttons, light switches on if you use a button, text TV still has to be a possibility, and easy to learn. User Interface suggested that they should go more to the iPod and M-P-three players. Project Manager agreed. However, they decided not to make use of LCD or speech recognition.
Project Manager thought that the shape of the remote should be a bit like the bottom of the recharger, so that the volume and channel could be on the on the bottom instead of on the top. Project Manager also suggested that the logo should be put on the remote control.
Industrial Designer thought that a display requires an advanced chip, which was more expensive than all the other chips. Therefore, the regular chip should be the most expensive one. The speech recognition was integrated in the chip, so if you used the speech recognition, that's in it.
The meeting started with the introduction of a petition by Brad Vis and Paul Manly. The petitioners had asked the committee to look at the situation with the Patented Medicine Prices Review Board, which was scheduled to go through some important and potentially detrimental regulatory changes very soon. They asked the government to work with the provinces to find a strategy to jointly allow for the delivery of this life-saving medicine to Canadians across the country and to take a leadership role in negotiating a price for gene modulators throughout all the provinces of Canada. They also drew attention to the numerous inaccuracies about current firearms legislation and regulation, including the use of the phrase military-style assault rifle as a political posturing, as the term was undefined in Canadian law. In addition, the petitioners called upon the Government of Canada to stop targeting law-abiding firearms owners; to cancel all plans to confiscate firearms legally owned by federally licensed RCMP-vetted Canadians; to focus taxpayer dollars where they would actually increase public safety, which is on keeping at-risk youth from being involved in gangs and on anti-gang enforcement.
Hon. Paul Manly (NanaimoLadysmith, GP) presented a petition on behalf of his constituents of Don Valley East. The petitioners were asking that the Government of Canada not provide any financial assistance to Canadian airlines until they promptly provide full refunds for flights that were cancelled due to COVID-19. They were asking the same for any foreign airlines that fly to, within or from Canada. The minister of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness assured the committee that the government would always be there to counter tax evasion and tax avoidance.
Mr. Gabriel Ste-Marie (Joliette, BQ) said that the Prime Minister announced the large employer emergency financing facility. However, he quickly became disillusioned because it was more about abusive tax evasion and avoidance. The five big Bay Street banks benefit from this, as do the big multinationals. It was time to tighten the screws on these companies. One of those conditions would be tied to conditions that would force companies not to resort to tax evasion or tax avoidance through tax havens.
Hon. Bill Blair (Minister of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness) said that they worked very closely with the Canadian firearms program, with law enforcement and with their firearms verification to identify the makes, models and variants of nine rifles, all of which had in their earliest provenance a design for military use, for soldiers to use in combat. Those were the weapons that had been
Hon. Patty Hajdu assured that the government was doing everything possible to ensure that vulnerable seniors get the support they need during this very difficult time. The member certainly highlighted that there were not only additional expenses for some of the not-for-profit seniors homes, but also additional new measures that would increase all kinds of things, including costs. In addition, many seniors were already carefully budgeting before the pandemic, so they had had to spend extra on medication and grocery delivery, as many couldn't leave their homes. The government would continue to work with the provinces and territories and support them through, for example, generous transfers of money to boost their health care systems in ways that they think were most appropriate.
Ms. Jenny Kwan pointed out that there was a gap between program making and its implementation. A single parent with four school-age children lost her spousal and child support due to COVID-19. She was not eligible for CERB. The Minister of Employment said that she was looking into this gap. It had been weeks, and still no action. The Prime Minister must know that the money the federal government sent was deficient. Will the Prime Minister fix this gap?
Hon. Diane Lebouthillier (Minister of National Revenue) said that the government considered these to be very difficult times for Canadians. Our priority from the beginning had been to make sure that Canadians get the support they needed. We moved very quickly to get the Canada emergency response benefit out, to get wage subsidy out and to help Canadians in this unprecedented situation. We recognize there would be challenges, and we were going to work through those challenges.
Hon. Seamus O'Regan (Minister of Natural Resources) said that the government's assistance package for the Canadian oil and gas industry provided some hope to the industry. On April 17, the government announced liquidity measures to support the small and medium-sized players. That made up 85% of the jobs in this sector. Today's measures would complete that. As well, through the BCAP, more companies were eligible so that they could remain whole and so they could hold onto the jobs that they needed. Mr. David Yurdiga asked about the eligibility criteria for owners of aboriginal businesses struggling to qualify for financial help.
Hon. Mlanie Joly (Minister of Economic Development and Official Languages) said that the government had had the opportunity to speak to Mr.d'Entremont about solutions to assist people in the tourism sector all over the country, and particularly in the Atlantic region. In light of the new funding for the Atlantic Canada Opportunities Agency, ACOA, I would be happy to work with him and with the leaders of the tourism industry.
Mr. David Yurdiga pointed out that the government had announced liquidity measures to support the small and medium-sized players. It allowed for small businesses to significantly reduce their rent and for landlords to be protected with up to 75% of the rent. As well, through the BCAP, the government was making sure that more companies were eligible so that they could remain whole and so they could hold onto the jobs that they needed.
Hon. Mlanie Joly (Minister of Economic Development and Official Languages): I have had the opportunity to speak to my colleague Mr.d'Entremont about solutions to assist people in the tourism sector all over the country, and particularly in the Atlantic region. A number of industries, businesses and festivals are having to deal with considerable losses of income. In light of the new funding for the Atlantic Canada Opportunities Agency, ACOA, I will be happy to work with him and with the leaders of the Tourism sector.
Hon. Chris d'Entremont (West Nova, CPC) asked the minister what she was doing to support harvesters who were left out of the $62.5 million aid package. The minister explained that most fishermen were not eligible for the wage subsidy program due to the stipulation that it couldn't be used for employees who were related to their employer. However, the government was working on direct supports.
Hon. Seamus O'Regan (Minister of Natural Resources) said that the government had worked with industry and with provinces on every front to ensure the stability of the oil and gas sector of Canada. On April 17, they announced liquidity measures to support the small and medium-sized players. That made up 85% of the jobs in this sector. Today's measures would complete that. Through the BCAP, they were making sure that more companies were eligible so that they could remain whole and so they could hold onto the jobs that they need.
This meeting was about the evaluation of the prototype of the new remote control. First, User Interface gave a presentation on the key features of the remote control, such as the fuzzy shape, the stable triangle base and the circle channel selection. Then, the group discussed the production cost and the final financial view of the product. After that, Project Manager asked the team to calculate the cost of the production. The team agreed to have a remote control that would cost not more than twelve and a half Euros.
Project Manager wanted the remote control to be easy to use and powerful as it had only one button. User Interface thought that it would be a unique design the market. Project Manager thought that the shape of the buttons was a mushroom and that the triangle base was stable. Industrial Designer thought it was a nice way to create the product. Marketing thought that they could make a lot of advertisement concerning the solar cells to be more attractive. And Project Manager agreed that it was good to follow the flow and make it now and after, if the people changed their mind.
The user interface thought the basic colour should be yellow and red because yellow was the company colour and red was more attractive. Also, the shape of the remote control was a circle and the triangle base was stable, so it was unlikely that somebody would eat it.
The user interface designer thought that the shape of the remote control was not attractive because it was a pineapple shape and it would be hard for people to take it in the pocket and bring it in kitchen and say they've lost the product. So he suggested putting it in a table so that it's unlikely that somebody would eat it. However, the marketing thought that it would not be a good idea to make a lot of advertisement concerning these solar cells.
Industrial Designer thought it was funny and amazing and interesting to go through all the process to go from the beginning to the end. And designing, looking at the chips, the solar cells and it was very informative for the team. User Interface thought it's good to create a control instead of a computer. And it's a fuzzy design, and a unique design. The third feature was a stable triangle base. It was very convenient to turn the ball to change the channel and there was some cute button.
The group thought the design was technologically innovative because it was easy to use and powerful, as the remote control had only one button and a scroll wheel with push button on it. Also, the technology inside that recognise simple vocal comments made it easy to change channels and it would be interesting for the marketing team to make a lot of advertisement concerning these solar cells.
The marketing and the industrial designer disagreed with the user interface designer when judging whether the controller was easy to use because it had only one button. They thought it would be hard to find the remote control in the pocket and it was unlikely that nobody would be able to bring it in the kitchen and say that they lost it.
Industrial Designer thought it was funny and interesting to go through all the process to design the chip, looking at the chips, the solar cells and the shape of the triangle base. User Interface thought it's good to create a control instead of a computer. Project Manager thought it would be a unique design the market. The group agreed to have a remote control that would cost not more than twelve and fifty Euros.
Industrial Designer thought it would be interesting for the marketing team to make a lot of advertisement concerning these solar cells to be
The industrial designer thought it would be interesting for the marketing team to make a lot of advertisement concerning these solar cells to be
This was the first meeting of the new team. The project manager introduced the team to each other and the agenda of the meeting. First, the team members got to know each other by drawing their favourite animals on the white board. Then, the group discussed the functional design of the remote control. The team agreed that it should be self-intuitive and user-friendly, as long as it was easy to work out what everything was doing. The group then discussed the detailed design, including how to put it into practice and make it work.
The group agreed that the remote control should be original and user-friendly, not a hunk of metal, not too big and not too small, and could be made of lightweight plastic. They also agreed that it should be easy to use and easy to read, so that users could work out what everything was doing. The remote control could have an LCD display or something like that, like a mobile, and it could have a menu to go into with obvious pictures, obvious symbols and that's where you control recording and things like that.
The group decided to incorporate a menu display into the design of the remote control because it would make it easier for the user to read the menu and make it more user-friendly. Besides, it would be easier for users to find the menu by pressing a key on a mobile phone.
Industrial Designer thought that the remote control should be self-intuitive and easy to use so that the older generation could work out what everything was doing. In addition, he thought that a flip top remote control was a good idea because it could have a bigger screen in the flip over.
Industrial Designer thought that there was no reason to make the remote control look as fashionable and stylish as a mobile phone, as it could still be lightweight plastic. He also thought that the whole design thing might be incorporated into electronics.
Project Manager proposed that the remote control should be priced at twenty-five Euros and should be accessible and usable by all age groups. The target group should be international and it should be in the international market like Australia, America, things like that. In addition, it should have a flip top remote control so that when you flip over the top, your screen is bigger and you can have a bigger screen in the the flip over.
Project Manager thought that the remote control should be original, trendy, appealing to a wide market, not a hunk of metal, and user-friendly, grannies to kids, maybe even pooches should be able to use it. The market range should be in the international market like Australia, America, things like that. The profit aim was fifty million Euros.
This meeting was mainly about the design of the remote control. First of all, the group discussed the functional requirements from the marketing point of view. Then, Industrial Designer introduced the basic idea of what they were trying to design, which was a device which basically just sends the signal to the TV to change its state, whether that be the power, or the channel, everything is just some sort of signal to change the state of the TV. The team then discussed the power source for the batteries, the chip, the interface, the infrared bulb, and the receiver. After that, they decided to use the wireless range of up to about five metres which was suitable for anyone who's watching the TV unless they're in a cinema, which not most people do so as long as they're applying to the most audience that should be fine. Finally, the team discussed the cost of the components and decided that they would have to conform to whatever form of communication that the TVs were already using and since that was another use and reason to use infrared because that's what all TVs used at the moment.
The group discussed the battery issues and the size of the remote control. The group decided to use triple A batteries, but they were not sure whether they wanted to look at something else so they could shrink down the size. They also discussed whether they should look at the buttons and whether they were soft or hard because they were times when the buttons tend to be a bit hard after continuous use usage and all that. Also, the group discussed whether a touch screen could be a better option for that.
Industrial Designer pointed out that most remote controls use some form of infrared to send signals to the TV presumably because of the cost issue of something like the same thing that computers use, wireless and they don't need to send very much information. However, triple A batteries can be quite bulky so Industrial Designer didn't know if they wanted to look at something else so they could shrink down the size of the control.
Marketing first introduced the market research findings and suggested that the team should focus on a younger age group initially and then broaden out the market later. Then, the team agreed to make some adjustments due to new project requirements. For example, they would have to reduce the size of the control and an electronic panel for further features like programming and speech recognition. Also, the company logo should be incorporated into the design of the product.
Industrial Designer thought that incorporating an alarm would be a good idea, but he was not sure how much the cost would be of having it. He also thought that it would be quite expensive to incorporate an entire speech recognition thing.
Industrial Designer pointed out that most remote controls used some form of infrared to send signals to the TV presumably because of the cost issue of the batteries and because people in Japan wouldn't buy it because the controller was physically to big.
According to the market research, the remote control was outdated with the internet now and people considered it outdated to be a combined control, which limited the cost for the company. Therefore, the team decided to reduce the size of the control and an electronic panel for further features like programming and speech recognition. In addition, they decided to make it lightweight plastic, nice to hold in the palm of the hand and easier to handle. They also decided to incorporate the corporate image of the company into the handset.
The meeting was mainly about the progress of the Meeting Recorder data collection. The team had been putting together a spreadsheet with start time, the date, the new meeting name, the number of speakers, the duration of the meeting, comments, what its transcription status is, and all that kind of stuff. The meeting was also about the hiring of two more transcribers. The plan was to keep the staff on the leaner side and hire a third one within this coming week. The group also discussed how they could get more data and more data per speaker.
The team decided to use the transcriptions which are done by now, and to use them as the basis for automatic segmentation. The team also decided that they should do something with the transcriber interface. DARPA is in mid July.
Transcribers were assigned a directory structure for all of the meeting transcripts. The team was working on the reorganization of the directory structure, which would allow the transcribers to be assigned to different meetings. They were also working on a way to optimize the features for the final word error and normalize the inputs to the net.
Transcribers were working on transcribing the transcriptions of the participants. The team was doing a lot of experiments with different front-ends, including using a tandem system input for the tandem system and using the Gaussian mixture system for the regular features. They were getting terrible results, like two to three times the error everybody else was getting.
The segmenter has been changed to take as the input feature vector a concatenation of the neural net outputs and the regular features. The feature vector has been concatenated with the Gaussian mixture system. The team is also planning to hire two more transcribers today and hire a third one within this coming week.
The segmenter is working well. The team is feeding the tandem features to the Gaussian mixture system, which is a concatenation of the neural net outputs and the regular features. There is a bug in the RASTA filter that is doing a different thing in the modulation spectral domain depending on what sampling rate you're doing, which was another old bug of mine.
The segmenter has been changed to take as the input feature vector a concatenation of the neural net outputs and the regular features. The feature vector has been concatenated with the Gaussian mixture system. The team is also planning to hire two more transcribers today and hire a third one within this coming week.
The meeting began with a brief introduction to the Aurora HTK baseline system. The team was getting ready to do the tandem training set for the Hub-five system, and the idea was to put together a tool kit for doing arbitrary graphical models for speech recognition. Then, the team discussed a parallel VAD without neural network with less latency using SNR and energy, after the cleaning up.
The team was discussing whether to add the Macrophone data to the training of the neural net or to feed it into the tandem neural net. The professor suggested that the former would be better, but the latter would be more challenging. The team agreed to try the tandem net.
The professor thought that the neural net was a great idea. He thought that it would be interesting to see if the noise compensation was equally reducing the noise on the pure features as well as on the neural nets. He also thought that they should focus on improving the net. The team was getting ready to do the tandem neural net for the Hub-five system.
PhD D thought that the high mismatch of the SpeechDat-Car after cleaning up might have more noise than the training set of TIMIT after adding noise. The team wondered if the noise compensation was equally reducing the noise on the test set and the training.
PhD C informed the team that he had been playing with the VAD neural network. The team was surprised to see that the neural net did not drop too many frames because the number of deletion was reasonable. The VAD was used for on-line normalization, and it was used before the delta computation. The results were not great, but the team was encouraged by the results.
The professor thought that the VAD latency was too large. He thought that if they could live with the latency or cut the latencies elsewhere, then that would be a good thing.
PhD C explained that the latency of the VAD is two hundred and twenty milliseconds. The VAD was used for on-line normalization, and it was used before the delta computation. The latency was too large.
This meeting was mainly about the components design of the remote control. First of all, the team discussed the look and feel of the design and user interface design. Then, they discussed the material of the case, whether to use rubber, plastic, wood or titanium, and whether to print the fruit stuff or should the actual remote look like a fruit. After that, the group discussed the technological innovation of the product, including the infrared L_E_D, the beeper or buzzer or other sort of noise thing for locating the remote, and the spongy feel. Finally, they decided to make the product technologically innovative and easy to use.
Marketing informed the group that the current trend in electronics was fancy look and feel, fancy technology and the innovations to do with that, and easy to use. The group agreed to go for a spongy feel, but the material should be limited to a hard plastic or some other material case to protect the remote and the locator. Also, the group should discuss whether the fruit and vegetable theme should be printed on the remote control, or should the actual remote look like a fruit.
The Industrial Designer suggested that they could use rubber, plastic, wood or titanium as the material for the case, but the material should be limited to a spongy feel. He also suggested that the remote control should be technologically innovative so that it would not interfere with the design and the practicality of it. However, he did not think that the menu button was necessary because most of the ones they've had have only had a menu button, and it was not necessary to have a button access to change the contrast or something.
User Interface thought it would be a little silly to have a screen if people hardly were ever using it if they were not really using it. User Interface thought that if people can get to the menu on the TV screen, then it would make sense to have some kind of a screen. But then again, it did make a difference if the screen's sort of just like an option that was just there and you're not using it, that's kind of silly.
Industrial Designer suggested that they could have talked about doing a wind-up or a dynamo or a solar power, but they were not in interfering with the design and the practicality of it. User Interface pointed out that solar power was not available with the rubber case anyways, so they could not use it. The group agreed to use a combination of solar power and a battery. Then, the group discussed the cost of the battery and the material of the power source. The team agreed that the cost was not that much.
The Industrial Designer thought that the options were there but they were not in interfering with the design and the practicality of the remote control. For instance, solar power was not available with the rubber case anyways, and the batteries would have to go right under the plastic case. The other option was a kinetic thing where you'd basically have to wind it yourself.
The cost of the Kryptonite was more expensive than the other options of energy. It would require a slightly more expensive chip, which was the most expensive part of the remote control. However, it would not interfere with the design and the practicality of it.
This meeting was mainly about the design of the actual components and the availability of the components in stock at the moment. First of all, the group discussed the last meeting and the details of the remote control design. Then, they discussed the fashion update which related to very personal preferences among the subject group. They decided on a flip design and a different shape from what's normal. They also discussed the feasibility of incorporating the feature of speech recognition into the product. Finally, they talked about the material and the cost of the component.
The team decided on the flip-screen, the watch-type batteries, LCD display on the top side of the flip top, rubberised buttons on the bottom side, a different shape from what's normal, fruit and vegetable colours for the rubber cover, the case itself was plastic. The rubberised covers were going to be relatively cheap to produce and could be produced in a year's time if the design fairs that show something else is coming. The team also decided to incorporate the image of the company into the remote control.
In the last meeting, the team decided on the design of the actual components and the availability of the components they have in stock at the moment. The main idea of the whole thing is just so you can press buttons and it should activate things on the TV. The remote should be in a standby mode no while not being used. The rubberised covers were going to be relatively cheap to produce and it could be slipped on. The team also decided to incorporate the image of the company into it somehow.
The group discussed the design of the remote control. First, they discussed the market trends and found that the most important aspect for remote controls were people wanted a fancy look and feel, rather than the functional one. They also wanted a technologically innovative remote control to be technologically innovative, and of course, as they predicted, it should be easy to use. Second, they agreed to keep the standard buttons on the top and the more complex buttons under this thing, so they could divide the circuit into two parts. Third, they decided to use rubber as a padding or for the grip, something like to add to the design. Fourth, the group agreed to have a standby mode to conserve battery life. Fifth, they wanted to incorporate speech recognition, but they had to check into the financial feasibility whether they could incorporate it at a low cost.
Industrial Designer explained that most current remotes use this silicone P_C_B circuit board which has these contacts that are really close together and then when you press down on the rubber button, it'll connect the circuit and each switch is connected to two different legs on the chip and sends a different message and that then gets translated by the chip into a code and then it's fired out of this L_E_D_ in the sequence of l on and off bursts.
Industrial Manager suggested that to conserve battery life the remote should be in a standby mode no while not being used, so that it could be in the sequence of on and off bursts. However, he was not sure how that would work because surely your fingers would still be moving over the short distances but that's what they said. Besides, he thought that the standard double A and triple A batteries were a bit too bulky at the moment and dynamo charging was a bit silly to be to be honest.
Industrial Designer first pointed out that most current remotes use this silicone P_C_B circuit board which has these contacts that are really close together and then when you press down on the rubber button, it'll connect the circuit and each each switch is connected to two different legs on the chip and so sends a different message and that then gets translated by the chip into a code and then it's fired out of this L_E_D_ in the sequence of previous bursts. In order to conserve battery life, the remote should be in a standby mode no while not being used. Then, the team discussed whether they could use rubber buttons or an LCD type of screen. They decided to use rubber because it was cheaper and they could have them in a sort of array and the buttons could arrange the buttons on the screen in a set thing and the remote could be like a touch
Industrial Designer informed the team about the design of the actual components and the availability of the components they have in stock at the moment. The team agreed that they could have a bare P-C-B circuit board, a printed circuit board and a rubber button. They could also have an LCD type screen and a standard box shape, but the latter was impractical because of the size of the buttons and the shape of the case. In addition, to conserve battery life, the remote should be in a standby mode no while not being used.
Marketing suggested that when the user pressed a button on the touch screen, it would go onto the phone display, so that the remote control would be able to respond to the turn of the body. However, Industrial Designer was not sure how that would work because surely your fingers would still be moving over the short distances but that's what they said.
Marketing suggested that when the flip-top shell was opened, the remote control would go onto the phone display and when the user pressed a button, the mirror would show what all the buttons were. The team agreed that it would be a good idea and it would give the spongy feel.
Industrial Designer first introduced the design of the actual components and the availability of the components they have in stock at the moment. The first part of the discussion was about the material and the type of components. The second part was about how to conserve battery life. The third part was the method of the design. The final part was on how to incorporate the image of the company into the remote control. The team decided on a flip design and a different shape from what's normal.
Industrial Designer firstly pointed out that most current remotes use this silicone P-C-B board which has contacts that are really close together and then when you press down on the rubber button, it'll connect the circuit and each switch is connected to two different legs on the chip and so sends a different message and that then gets translated by the chip into a code and then it's fired out of this L-E-D-D sequence of l on and off bursts. The remote should be in a standby mode no while not being used and the remote should have a much smaller switch on each one so that it can be as big or as small as you want them to be because you can print circuit board like that that it's simply spaced like that so you can fit the size of the nine buttons in.
The cost of the speech recognition feature could be cut down if the team could incorporate it at a low cost. However, they had to check into the financial feasibility whether they could incorporate the feature of finding it. They had to cut down somewhere else if that meant cutting down the number of buttons.
This was the first meeting of the team's new product development project. Project Manager introduced the new product, a television remote control, which would have a selling price of twenty-five Euros and a profit of fifty million Euros. The product should be original, trendy and user-friendly. The team would have three different design stages, functional design, conceptual design and detailed design. The last stage would be the working design, in which the product would work in the technical sense. The group would discuss the implementation of the technical possibilities and impossibilities. Then they would discuss more ideas about how the remote should look and how it should function.
User Interface suggested that the remote control should be able to feel the buttons without looking at the buttons, so it should be as user interface for feeling should be good to understand. Industrial Designer proposed that the digits of the buttons should not fade and the painting on the buttons could not fade. Project Manager thought that the range should not be a problem to that, and the production cost should not exceed 12.5 Euros.
User Interface thought infrared was a little bit old-fashioned. For TV, you're always in in the neighbourhood of a TV, so the range should not be a problem to that. However, Bluetooth might be problem.
Industrial Designer thought a modern remote control should control a diverse subset of equipment, such as D-V-D players, cell phones, video and audio equipment, so one remote control for all your equipment should be something like that. Also, Industrial Designer thought infrared was not really hot stuff anymore, so infrared should not be a problem.
Industrial Designer suggested that the remote control should be able to communicate with other devices, such as radio and TV, so that the range should not be a problem. However, User Interface thought that it would be a big problem to get it working with a radio because it was always in the neighbourhood of a TV. Therefore, the group agreed to make a specific specification of the range.
Industrial Designer suggested that the remote control should be able to control a diverse subset of equipment, such as cell phones, video and audio equipment, so that it should fit to every device. In addition, Industrial Designer thought that the range should not be restricted, as long as users were always in the neighbourhood of a TV.
User Interface thought that the range of Bluetooth was too high for remote control. For TV, you're always in in the neighbourhood of a TV, so he didn't think the range should be a problem to that. For radio, he thought infrared should be restriction to that because infrared was a little bit old-fashioned, if you would call it like that.