The meeting was primarily focused on the progress of the Meeting Recorder query project. The team discussed the amount of data that they have recorded so far and how they can further improve the data collection. They also discussed the potential collaboration between the team and the team's colleague, Lokendra, who is working on connected digits. The meeting ended with a brief discussion of some of the other research areas that they are thinking about doing.
The team agreed that the bulk of the data collected so far will be transcribed from meeting meetings. A forty-five-minute chunk of data has been transcribed and will be sent to IBM for comparison. The team will also be collecting data from a network services and applications group meeting on Tuesdays.
PhD D informed the team that in twelve minutes, he had found over three hundred speaker overlap events. He did not know how many overlaps were in the overlapping zone. He was not sure that the beginning of the meeting had more than seventy-five overlaps, and the middle was more likely to have more.
The team is recording a significant chunk of meeting data. Approximately twelve hours of data have been recorded so far. A larger chunk of data has been transcribed and is being sent to IBM for comparison.
The team had started recording a morning meeting on the front-end issues of the computer system, and a larger chunk of data has been transcribed from a network services and applications group meeting on Tuesdays. The amount of data collected is expected to grow as more meetings are recorded.
This meeting was mainly about the conceptual design of the remote control. First of all, Industrial Designer and User Interface gave presentations on component design and the cost of components of a remote control respectively. Then, Marketing gave a presentation on market trends and suggested that the remote should be aimed at the youth market. After that, the group discussed the material of the case and the shape of the casing. They finally reached a consensus that they should stick with the same basic non-remote kind of remote design.
The group discussed the ideas of the conceptual design of the remote control. First, User Interface suggested that they could get away from the idea of having a hand-held remote control and maybe have a round remote control that looked like a paperweight or something like that, kind of a sleek little neat thing that sits on your table or something. Then, Industrial Designer proposed that they should use a scroll button with integrated push-button instead of a touch screen, and they could incorporate a small backup battery to cover those moments when solar power fails and there's no way round that. Finally, Marketing suggested that their remote control could use visible light coming out as a fun gimmick.
The Marketing pointed out that most remotes operate on the infrared part of the spectrum, which means that the television can detect the light coming out of the remote control. Industrial Design agreed with the Marketing and proposed that they could use rubber as the material to make the remote look more durable.
The User Interface thought that some of the suggestions they had come up with were definitely very good ideas, such as changeable casings, having go-to buttons being stuck into the system so those didn't move away from the screen, the important ones like power, volume and jump between channels, and the use of recognisable colours and shapes to aid recognition of the features that were around so red for power, arrows for different volume ups and downs and channels ups and down and what not. However, the User Interface did not think that they were necessarily going for this kind of a look.
Industrial Designer estimated that in order to incorporate touch screen technology it would cost them upwards of 17 fifty Euro per remote, which would be a really main cost source. Project Manager thought that they could have a very simple touch screen if it was about the size of the iPod or whatever, so they could play around with it a bit. Marketing thought that the touch screen would be their most marketable feature because it was so new and it was something that was showing up in other places.
The Marketing thought that the touch screen was the most marketable feature of the remote control because it was new and it was showing up in other places. Besides, the market research showed that the majority of people were only using the most primary functions on a daily basis, so it would be hard to exclude major functions such as voice recognition from the budget. Therefore, the Marketing preferred to stick with the voice recognition as it was more marketable.
The Industrial Design thought that the remote control should be slightly larger than a regular iPod with a hard cla c plastic casing. The remote control could be made of rubber or wood. The Industrial Design also suggested that they could use a sponge as part of the case. However, the User Interface rejected this idea because it went against the trend of the next couple of years.
This was the first meeting of the new remote control project. Project Manager started the meeting with a general plan for the project how they were going to go about accomplishing this and then a bit of discussion close up about the basic function of the remote control. Then, Industrial Designer and User Interface got acquainted with each other and the whiteboard. After that, Marketing gave a presentation about the market research results and the trade-offs between the size and functionality. Finally, the team discussed the details of the detailed design.
The Project Manager was not sold on the idea of selling a forty-five-Euro remote because it would be a lot of money for a remote. However, he wanted to make a hundred percent profit on it if they could.
The group decided that the remote control should be universal and could be used for other things such as the microwave or the front door. The remote control could also be sold in multi-format like PAL, NTSC, region one and in the UK for twenty-five Euros.
The Project Manager thought that the appearance and the buttons of the remote control should be made of a nice material so that it would not be too complicated and crowded with buttons and things.
Industrial Designer pointed out that the appearance design should be paid due attention when discussing the user interface. The remote control should be made out of a nice material so that it would not be cheap and low quality. Besides, the remote control could be sold as a phone or a universal remote control.
The Industrial Designer suggested that the remote control should be made out of a nice material so that it could be branded with the company’s name. He also suggested that they should come up with a fuzzy one as well.
The group agreed to make the remote control as fashionable as possible and to sell it in the United States. They also agreed to have a locator device on the remote to help users find their remote. Besides, the remote should be made out of a nice material so that it would not be cheap and low quality.
This meeting was mainly about the technical function design of the new remote control. First, the Industrial Designer gave a presentation about the working of the remote control, showing that it was difficult to explain to people who hadn't seen a remote control inside because there was a lot of plastic on it. Then, the User Interface Designer presented on the technical functions design and gave some suggestions about the design. Finally, the Marketing expert made a presentation on the usability lab-test with a hundred persons. The findings were that most users disliked the look and feel of current remote controls and found it hard to learn how to use it. Also, fifty percent of the users only used ten percent of buttons.
Industrial Designer said that the remote control would not be too big because it was not so expensive. For the cost, they should only put one battery on it and use only plastic.
Project Manager asked Industrial Designer about the working of the remote control. Industrial Designer explained that there were a lot of wires, which connect the components in it, the battery, and there were switches and things like that. The remote control was not too big and the buttons were not too many. Project Manager wanted to know if the LCD was cheaper than speech recognition.
Industrial Designer thought that trendy people or children would like to change the cover of the remote control so that they could make a picture on it. However, he was not sure if it would make profit enough to justify the cost.
User Interface thought the technical function design was for a remote control to to have some influence on the TV set. The basic operations like on and off, and switching channels, and maybe teletext or something like that could be done by pushing a button on the remote. But User Interface was not sure if it would make profit enough to justify the cost.
Marketing conducted a usability lab-test with a hundred persons. The results showed that most users disliked the look and feel of current remote controls. Most users also found it hard to learn how to use it. Fifty percent of the users only used ten percent of buttons, and a lot of unused buttons were found on the remote control.
The marketing expert first gave a presentation about the usability lab-test with a hundred persons. The team found out that there were two markets at which they could aim. The younger group between 16 and 25 was not very interested in new features. The older group was more critical on their money spending and spent more easily. The marketing expert also suggested that less important functions should be discarded from the remote control. Then, the team discussed whether to make a basic remote control, just swapping channels and volume and power button and nothing much more, or a multifunctional one with more functions on the remote.
First, teletext was no longer necessary. Users could go to the internet when they wanted to see the latest news. Second, only the age group of forty plus would be interested in new features. Third, the corporate colour and slogan must be used. Fourth, the remote control should be zap friendly.
This was the functional design meeting. The main focus of this meeting was the presentations that each of the team members gave during the time. First, Industrial Designer gave a brief overview of the functional components of the remote control. Then, User Interface gave a presentation on the user interface requirements. Finally, Marketing presented on the target group of remote control and the function requirements.
Industrial Designer first gave a functional overview of the working design of the remote control. The remote control had an energy source at the heart which fed into the chip and the user interface. The user interface communicated with the chip through an infrared terminal and the output of the chip was sent to the remote site, which had an infrared receiver. Then, Industrial Designer gave a presentation on the identification of the components and how they worked together with each other. The group then discussed the target group and functional requirements. After that, the group discussed whether they should incorporate voice recognition into the design.
Project Manager thought that if they were using more advanced technology, it might increase the price of the remote control, so they needed to operate within the constraints. Voice recognition was something to consider, but Project Manager was not very sure about how to implement it because one of the things that Marketing pointed out was how to go about implementing it.
The group thought that the locator would be useful for people to find the remote control when they lost it. It would beep when it was lost, which would solve the problem of having different noises.
The group discussed the general requirements of the new remote control. They agreed that the remote control should be sleek, stylish, sophisticated and good looking. They also agreed that it should be easy to use and not straining their wrists while using the remote. The group also agreed on the necessity of a long battery life and voice recognition. However, they did not want to have all this complicated functions added to the design.
Marketing pointed out that people of 15 to 25 year olds have a higher disposable income because they don't have a mortgage, a life insurance policy or a car. However, Project Manager thought that this was not a massive difference because they were all still young people.
Marketing pointed out that ninety one percent of fifteen to twenty-five year olds would pay more for a voice recognition remote control. However, Project Manager questioned whether voice recognition would work given that a TV tends to be people talking and it might become very difficult from a distance for the television to understand what they were saying because of the noise factor for the remote.
This meeting was mainly about the functional design of the new remote control. First of all, Marketing presented the results of the survey on the use of remote controls. According to the survey results, most people found the current remote controls ugly and not good looking. Also, the current facilities that they offered did not match what people really wanted to use their remote controls so the remote control should be more universal. Next, User Interface gave a presentation about the technical functions design. The remote control would have some energy source like the battery, some buttons like the keypad and the volume, some chips like the digital signal processing chip and a switch in the main device to do particular operations, and they ought to do different codes for different TVs
Marketing conducted a survey on the use of remote controls and found that most people found the current remote controls ugly and not good looking. Also, the current facilities that they offered did not match what people really wanted to use their remote controls. Therefore, the team decided to design a universal remote control that could be used for different devices.
The marketing learned that the power button was not used often because in general users only used it once per session, but channel selection was very relevant. The marketing also learned that teletext teletext was out of date now because of the internet, so it was not relevant for the target group.
The marketing thought they should aim at the young people because they were those who might be more interested in a new device. As for teletext, it was useless for them because they had other means of finding their information.
Mark Dwight, who was responsible for User Interface Design, gave a presentation about technical functions design. The basic function of remote control was sending a message to the device, like TV or VCR or DVD player. To do these functions, the remote control needed some kind of pressing buttons or keys or like moving jack or something like that. It also needed a screen with a back light which could change colours. The remote control also needed an infrared L-E-D source which sent the information to the main device. Then, the team discussed whether to have speech recognizer or a simple speech recogniser.
The user interface designer proposed to include two nice features into the remote control. First, power on and off can be made fully automatic. Second, volume control can be implemented as long as there are the buttons that users need every time they need a button.
The group discussed how to select channels. They decided that the power button was not used often because in general users only used it only once per session, but it was very relevant. They also decided to have one switch to switch on, on and off. Then they talked about how they could make different modes for each button, like volume and decrease or increase, so that users could change mode with a prompt. They discussed whether they could put some display on numbers and then they could just press the number.
The remote control would have a basic function of sending some message to the device, like TV or VCR or DVD player. Then it would have an interface, which basically some kind of pressing buttons or keys or like moving jack or something like that would be transferred into a message and then it would be processed by the chip and sent to the main device in the form of infrared or sensor information. It would have the infrared L-E-D source which sent the information to the remote control and then the chip would have some speech recognition and in the back of the chip there would be a digital signal processing chip which took care of all these functions and put it in some digital format.
Industrial Designer suggested that they could have one switch to switch on, on and off, the main chip which controls power, volume and this part and this D_S_P chip which sends the information to the main device. User Interface suggested that the remote control could be equipped with the speech recogniser. Project Manager agreed that speech recognition could be implemented in the next step if they make it work.
The team decided that automatic power on and off can be made fully automatic when users go to the sofa, take the remote control and point it to the TV, and the TV turns on. It would be a good feature for people who don't touch the remote controls and don't know how much time they need to switch on or switch off. It could be implemented in the next step if they make it work.
The meeting was mainly about the progress of the belief-net project. The team thought that they had reached a point where they could finally generate a working belief-nets for the demo level, and they were working on the formalization and generation of a parser for general constructions. They also discussed how they could further formalize the data they were collecting. The professor also informed the team that the project would be moving into science mode for the summer, and that the team would have to step back from the applied project and focus more on the basic issues. The meeting ended with a brief discussion about the future direction of the project.
The meeting was mainly about the progress of the belief-net project. The team thought that they had reached a point where they could finally generate a working belief-nets for the demo level, and they were working on the formalization and generation of a parser for general constructions. They also discussed how they could further formalize the data they were collecting. The professor also informed the team that the project would be moving into science mode for the summer, and that the team would have to step back from the applied project and focus more on the basic issues. The meeting ended with a brief discussion about the future direction of the project.
The SmartKom system was not working as expected due to the lack of a working full version on the server. The team had to do a lot of work to make the system work, and they were not using their system. They were using a German sythesis module for English sentences, which was not suitable for the task at hand.
The system will be able to speak into the SmartKom system and give a sensible answer when someone asks it what it is. The demo will be in English Ge- and German for this domain, and the team will start on that in parallel with the grammar stuff.
The plan for the summer is to step back from the applied project and focus on the basic issues of the belief-net. The goal is to get the basic structure of the system in place, and then work on the semantics of the constructions. The team will also have a talk in the big room at EML to let people know what's going on.
This meeting was mainly about conceptual design of the remote control. First of all, Industrial Designer and User Interface gave presentations on the component concept, including the energy source, the material and interface. Then, Marketing gave a presentation on the trends of remote control, including fancy look and feel, technologically innovative features, location and location technology, speech recognition technology, and user interface concept. Finally, Project Manager asked the team to work together on a new remote control prototype using modelling clay.
The group discussed the energy source, the material and interface of the remote control. They decided to use simple battery instead of solar cells and to use titanium design instead of rubber. They also decided to go for push buttons instead of LCD because it was cheaper and less expensive compared to LCD. They wanted to put speech recognition in the remote controls so they could reduce price on this technology and so that they could have enough space or enough money.
The industrial designer recommended to use simple battery instead of solar cells because it would be problematic to have enough energy with the solar cells and also they would like to go for titanium design instead of rubber because they found that they could not use double-curved shapes. The industrial designer also suggested to use push buttons because it needed a simple chip and it was less expensive compared to LCD which needed advanced chip technology and was more expensive.
The user interface designer proposed to use simple battery instead of solar cells and it would be problematic to have enough energy with the solar cells. He also proposed to go for titanium design instead of rubber or double-curved shapes because they found that they could't use double curves in manufacturing.
User Interface proposed to design a perfect remote control with a lot of buttons with an explanation for every button, a backlight of the LCD screen with different colours, push buttons or liquid crystal LCD display, a speech recognition chip in the remote control, buttons in different shapes, and some buttons in several colours. The remote control would be made of titanium and the case would only be in that aluminium or titanium stuff. It would be hard to learn all the buttons and it would take some days to learn the buttons. The group agreed to use push buttons instead of LCDs because it would be expensive and they needed to reduce the cost on display.
The marketing believed that there were two kinds of people: those for which the remote control was to be useful and those who wanted to be different from their friends. The young people would be ready to pay more for the pink remote control because it made them special.
The marketing expert pointed out that there were two kinds of users: those for which the remote control was to be something useful and personal, and those who wanted to be different from their friends. The young people would be the ones who would be willing to pay more for a special remote control.
Marketing suggested that the remote control should have a fancy look and feel, be technologically innovative, and be made of spongy material. Marketing also suggested that they should watch trends on the web and ask real people who were using real remote controls every day.
The marketing learned that the trends were quite the same in many areas. For instance, in big cities like Paris and Milan, things should have a fruit and vegetable way of look or feel. The marketing also learned that people would be willing to pay more for a fancy remote control.
The group agreed that the remote control should have a fancy look and feel, be technologically innovative, and be easy to use. They also agreed to use titanium as the material and to use a backlight of the LCD screen with different colours.
This was the final meeting of the detailed design meeting. First of all, Industrial Designer and User Interface gave a presentation on the prototype of the remote control based on the trend of vegetables and the approximate shape of banana. Then, the group evaluated the prototype based on user requirements and things that they had worked on and made a list of them. They gave a seven-point scale to each feature of the prototype and gave the maximum points for each feature. The final score was seven.
Marketing made a list of user requirements and things that the team had worked on and made evaluation criteria for each one of them. The team gave a seven point scale to each feature of the new design. For each feature, the team gave one to seven points. The average was about six and something. In terms of the actual technology, none of the components had been used in other things before, but they had been brought together in a remote. For the ergonomic design, the group gave a six and a half. The scroll wheel was a little more difficult for people to get used to in the beginning, but once they got used to it, it was not a great difference
Project Manager agreed with Marketing when assessing the criteria of matching the operating behaviour of the user. After all, left-handed people can't normally write right-handed while right-hand people can normally do most things right. In addition, Project Manager pointed out that not all left-handers or all right-handsers in a family would be able to use the scroll with the remote control, so it was not a huge problem.
Industrial Designer thought it was intuitive, but it was not the immediate thing that people were used to. The scroll wheel was a new technology, so it might be a little more difficult for people to get used to in the beginning, but once they got used to it, it would be a good technology. User Interface agreed and gave a seven in everything.
Project Manager first looked at the prototype presentation and the evaluation criteria. Then, the team discussed the cost of the components, including the sample sensor, the chip, the single-curved surface, the case material, the beeper, the locator, the LCD display, the microphone, and the speaker. The cost of all the components was 12.5 Euros, which was within the budget. The team agreed to cut some of the prices that way.
Marketing agreed with group mates that the spinning wheel with LCD display was not on their list because it did not come with the LCR. However, he thought that the scroll wheel was pretty cool and it was not a great difference to have two buttons for up and down instead of scrolling, so it would not be too much of a problem for left-handed people to use it. Besides, it was ergonomic since left-hand people were already used to repetitive strain injury from that. And the voice recognition was also just part of it.
Industrial Designer thought that by removing the scroll wheel, they lost a gimmick that was never intended to be a great difference. However, the group mates pointed out that it was not a huge problem because left-handed people were already used to discrimination anyway.
This meeting was mainly about the detailed design of the remote. First of all, Industrial Designer and User Interface gave a presentation on the prototype. They decided not to go for the touch screen and opted for some very large buttons for the primary functions. The remote had a slide out panel for more advanced functions and a slide-out compartment for the slide. They also continued on with the idea of following Apple's colour schemes with the kind of the light orange and the green. After that, the group discussed the finance of the project. They came to an agreement that they should move ahead with the project without the solar cell.
In the next meeting, Industrial Designer and User Interface gave a presentation on the prototype of the remote control based on the previous meetings. They discussed some of the problems that they had faced in the past meetings, such as not having enough buttons, the pull-out panel, the lack of a back-up battery, the voice recognition function, and the material of the case. Then, the team discussed how to solve these problems. They decided to use a slide out panel for the more advanced functions and a more spongy material for the primary functions. In the end, they agreed to move ahead with the project, without the solar cell.
The Industrial Design didn't agree with the User Interface when discussing the problems of the financial issue because it was hard to scrap the whole cell battery idea because that was so integral to the theme that they had. Even though it had a lot of modern technology, it was just a simple remote and if they shopped around for other manufacturers they might be able to get even cheaper. In the long-run it was better to keep the battery because people would be upset.
The Project Manager thought that the team members' presentation was pretty well put together and that they had done a good job. Their presentation was creative and the team was able to make use of the new technology they had been given to try out. The team was also able to use the slide out panel for the more advanced functions and the slide-out panel could slide back in and provide a nice aesthetic when it was all put away. Besides, the team did not use the whiteboard at all and they used a lot of rubber and rubber-like materials.
Industrial Designer and User Interface thought that the team had a great time during the meeting, especially with the new technology they had tried out. Marketing thought that they were all hooked on the internet at the time, so they had to stick to reality. However, Industrial Designer was a bit disappointed about losing the solar panel because it was a big part of the product, but it was still an option if they need it. Project Manager thought that everything flowed pretty logically during the meetings, which was a good sign.
The Industrial Design thought that their teamwork was good because they were never able to get too far off track because the information came in at the right time and filled in the gaps enough. Also, they had enough room to just make things up.
The Project Manager thought that the team members got too much involved in the brainstorming and that the level of information dropped off severely over the course of the meeting. In addition, he thought that they could not get rid of the push buttons because they were integral to the design of the remote and changing the case materials would be a major change.
The meeting began with a brief introduction to the project. The team was working on building a belief-net for the tourist domain. The goal was to collect enough data to build a model that could distinguish between different kinds of tourist intentions. The meeting ended with a discussion about how the data collection would be carried out.
The team decided to use a combination of table top microphones, pressure zone mikes, and close talking mikes. They would record in parallel with the close talking and the far field at the same time, so that all these channels would be recorded simultaneously and framed synchronously so that they could also do things like beam-forming on all the microphones and do research like that. The team also wanted to make sure that everyone was comfortable with using the microphone. They decided that the microphone should be about two thumb widths away from the mouth, and at the corner.
C thought that it would be a good idea to set up the recording equipment in a room with high quality pressure zone mikes, as well as the close talking mikes. C also wanted to make sure that everyone was comfortable with using the microphone. C thought that the microphone should be about two thumb widths away from the mouth, and at the corner.
A explained that the recording equipment would be instrumented with both the table top microphones and the pressure zone mikes, as well as the close talking mikes. The microphone would be on when A was not in the room. A also wanted to make sure that everyone would wear a wireless headset when they were recording.
The team thought that it would be interesting to experiment with a computer navigation system that could tell users where they were. They would use a three-part scenario in which the user was given a set of tasks and the computer would tell the user where to go. The user would then have to figure out the exact location of the object by themselves. The team also wanted to learn more about the contextual factors that influence the user's intentions when interacting with the system.
B thought that the experimental setup of the computer navigation system would involve three tasks. First, users would pick up a phone, dial a number, and get a certain amount of tasks that they had to solve. Then, the computer would tell them exactly where they were, via GPS, but the human operator would not know. The system would then crash, and B would have to tell the person where he or she was.
D the computer system knew exactly where the user was, but the human operator did not know. D thought that it would be interesting to have a dialogue between the user and the computer. D also wanted to know how much direction was given to the subject about interacting with the system.
The Children, Young People and Education Committee met to discuss the Welsh Government's childcare offer. The meeting started with Huw Irranca-Davies, Minister for Children and Social Care, also Jo-Anne Daniels, director for communities and tackling poverty, and Owain Lloyd, deputy director for childcare, play and early years, introducing the new childcare scheme in Wales. The discussion mainly focused on the early implementation of the childcare scheme and the costings of the scheme. The next question was about the childcare offer in Wales, which was considered to be a mixed bag. The Minister explained that it had gone well in terms of the initial pilot areas, but it was a different thing, a universal offer, and there were issues around that with complexity, and also affordability. In terms of what they were learning, one was the bureaucracy around the current approach that they were taking, because it was being done on the seven early implementers. The other big challenge they were hitting was communication. They were dealing sometimes with parents and families with complex issues and complex backgrounds, so it was difficult. But they were also hitting those
Huw Irranca-Davies thought that it was a mixed bag, but they were glad they had done it through this process of early implementer, actually piloting it, because they were learning lessons as they went along. One was the bureaucracy around the current approach that they were taking, because it was being done on the seven early implementers. The other big challenge they were hitting was communication. They were asking parents to come in, provide their wage slips, provide the birth certificates, and so on. And the burden of administration on that was falling to each pilot area.
Huw Irranca-Davies thought that one was the bureaucracy around the current approach that they were taking, because it was being done on the seven early implementers. And the burden of administration on that was falling to each pilot area. The other big challenge they were hitting was communication. They were dealing sometimes with parents and families with complex issues and complex backgrounds, so it was difficult. But they were learning about these things, and they would learn more as these pilots roll by.
Huw Irranca-Davies AM insisted that the intensity of demand for the services was not spread evenly across. It was because they were only rolling out to areas where they now needed to learn a lesson about whether it was rurality or, as it would be within densely urban areas, where the cost might be slightly higher, and that was allowing them to have the confidence that they would have the full roll-out by 2020. There were some economic issues and then there were some cultural issues. But what they were finding was, for example, one of the well-known ones was that, in some of the south Wales Valleys constituencies, there is a family tradition of doing childcare within the families.
Huw Irranca-Davies AM first said that the £4.50 offer per hour sits alongside others, such as the foundation phase offer, and it's more generous. It is a different thing, a universal offer. However, there are issues around that with complexity, and also affordability. So, the focus of this scheme is very much on registered licensed providers, which could be, by the way—because they do have them, and they're discussing this at the moment internally and with the professional association for Childcare and Early Years and others—grandparents who are actually registered and inspected by the care inspectorate. They're not being left out of this.
Huw Irranca-Davies said that there were registered, licensed, inspected grandparents who looked after other people's children in a little group of four or five or six or seven, but also their own grandchildren. Now that was markedly different in the nature of it, because it's registered and licensed, than simply informal grandparents or aunts or uncles. So, there was an issue here with quality, about socialization and how children learn in an environment, as opposed to purely as great as all our grandparents and aunts and uncles were—simply child-minding.
Huw Irranca-Davies thought that they were very confident about the capacity to deliver the product. First of all, the £60 million of capital money behind it, backed by a 10-year workforce development plan for childcare was bolted in as part of the foundational economy approach. Secondly, they were putting the money into the capital development but also to the workforce development, because in some areas they were finding it was not to do with lack of provision and facilities, but it was actually the lack of staff. In other areas, there were plenty of staff but not the adequate facilities.
Huw Irranca-Davies thought that the feedback that they were having at the moment from organizations like the Professional Association for Childcare and Early Years and from the National Day Nurseries Association Wales and others was that this was the right rate and suitable not only today but for the foreseeable future of rolling this out. But at this moment in time, they were not getting people saying within this part of the roll-out that they need to adjust this amount. They were still very confident, looking forward, on the best projections they had, fed by the live input that was coming in from the pilot, which would be fed again in the autumn—the Arad report coming forward—that they had the capacity to deliver this.
Huw Irranca-Davies thought that the £4.50 per hour rate was the right rate and it was suitable not only today but for the foreseeable future of rolling this out. However, he admitted that it would be the lowest-income working families who would be most unduly affected by that because the higher income families would be able to afford those add-ons, the lower income ones won't.
Huw Irranca-Davies thought that the pilots in Cardiff and Newport were going to be successful and that the funding that was available, on their best estimate, that broad ball park of that £100 million figure, was deliverable within that. The reason they had gone for the other areas first, by the way—please take this back to any authorities affected—was simply because they had done deep dives into areas that vary from very rural areas in mid Wales to areas in north Wales, areas around Welsh language provision, areas in deep valleys, understanding the cultural and the economic impacts. They were not missing any of these learning experiences and they knew that they were not doing a big-bang approach.
Huw Irranca-Davies said that the first thing they were learning from the pilots was that it was having real-life impacts on parents, including in disadvantaged families. Most children would become eligible for a full-time school place in the term after their fourth birthday, and most children would enroll in the foundation years, educational input, which was there for everybody. It was a different thing, a universal offer, and there were issues around that with complexity, and also affordability. But the provision should be there for those children with complex needs, children with disabilities, Welsh language provision, as well as more generic provision, but it would be diverse in its provision around areas.
Huw Irranca-Davies thought that the Flying Start didn't stand alone purely as 30 hours of childcare. It was a different thing, a universal offer, and there were issues around that with complexity, and also affordability. It's not only Flying Start that provides that other support for parents, and readiness not only for the parents and for their children, but also the support into work.
Huw Irranca-Davies suggested some of the ways why. The work that they were doing to increase both capacity in terms of trained staff and qualified staff: they had the 10-year plan that had already been announced. They were focused very much on registered inspected providers, as opposed to every Tom, Dick and Harriet. And they were identifying not only broadly at a national level where they needed to develop those qualifications, but also at a regional, geographic level as well.
This meeting was mainly about the evaluation of the prototype of the remote control. First of all, the team evaluated the prototype based on their marketing strategy, on the latest trends, on user preferences, and on the seven point scale from true to false. The team gave a negative rating to each feature of the product. For example, the joystick was for the volume and the channels and the scroll-button was something new. The remote control was technologically innovative, but it didn't contain many new features. It was not easy to use because it had large buttons and not many buttons. The design was not personal.
User Interface introduced the prototype of the remote control. It was yellow with big buttons and everything was blue except the power button, mute and the other button. The joystick was for the volume and the channels and the LCD display was the company logo. The remote control could still operate all the things without using the menu because users did not always use the menu.
Marketing designed a seven-point scale based on the company's marketing strategy, on the latest trends, on user preferences, and on the basis of each criterion, the team would give a rating. The average of all the ratings would be counted.
Industrial Designer thought the remote control was technologically innovative and the scroll-button was something new. User Interface thought the product looked good and the colours were for young people. However, Project Manager disagreed with Marketing's statement that the product was aimed at the younger market.
Industrial Designer first pointed out that the cost of the remote control would be 15 Euros. Project Manager then informed the team that they would have to change something to reduce the cost. The team agreed to keep the advanced chip, the joystick and the special colour. Then, the team discussed whether to use only rubber or only plastic or only rubber.
Industrial Designer thought the creativity of the team was good enough. User Interface especially liked the means, the SMARTboard and the way it brought up new ideas when they worked with it. Project Manager thought the overall process was good.
This was the second meeting of the new remote control project. Industrial Designer and User Interface each gave a presentation on what they had been up to. After that, the group discussed the various components of the remote control, including the battery, the LCD display, the scroll button, the speaker, the buttons, the shape of the case, and the buttons. Finally, the team discussed the interface design and made a final decision on it.
Industrial Designer first gave a brief introduction to the remote components, including the chip behind the circuit board, the LCD display, the advanced chip, the scroll button, the speaker, the buttons, the case and the buttons. Then, User Interface presented on the user interface design and suggested that the remote control should be small, simple and with the smallest number of buttons. Finally, Marketing gave a presentation on market trends, mainly based on user friendliness and whether their appearance was pleasant. The market trend was that people wanted something new, technologically innovative and different.
Industrial Designer thought that the scroll button was a different thing. It was like a spinning wheel with the L-C display. The spinning went at a high speed to the scrolling wheel, so it was faster than the wheel.
The Marketing thought that they should have LCD because it would cut down the time spent on the remote control. They had one of those Telewest boxes, which took a long time to load and unload, so a screen would probably cut down their time on that. Also, if they could make it integrate with the TV, then it could come up with new information about what's on, and users could just see that on the screen rather than having to interrupt the picture on the TV.
The team decided to include voice recognition as well as LCDs and scroll wheels on the remote control. They also decided to have a simple battery, the advanced chip, a curved on one side case which was made out of rubber and the buttons were made of rubber. The group also agreed to use LCDs because of the style and the simplicity of the design.
Marketing thought wood was not practical for a remote control because it would be too big and too bulky. Industrial Designer thought it was too thin and too hard to put all the technology in. User Interface pointed out that if the case was really thin, it was likely to break. And rubber or plastic was more suitable for the remote control since it was more spongy and could be curved from one side.
Marketing thought that push-buttons were out of fashion and out of trend in the industry. However, Industrial Designer pointed out that most remotes do have them and their company was an expert in making them. For the channel numbers, they could even have an integrated push-button inside the scrolling thing. Industrial Designer also mentioned that if they had LCD displays, that opened up a whole world because users could select almost everything on the LCD display.
The Children, Young People and Education Committee was a scrutiny session with a focus on higher and further education. The meeting started with Kirsty Williams, Cabinet Secretary for Education, Eluned Morgan, Minister for Welsh Language and Lifelong Learning, and Huw Morris, who is the group director of skills, higher education and lifelong learning. The group discussed the challenges faced by the post-16 education sector, such as the shortage of teachers and the lack of transparency in the reporting of the outcomes for learners from different backgrounds. They also talked about the future plans for the education system, including the PCET legislation and the regional skills partnership.
According to Kirsty, there had been what looked like a trend in recent years in filling the places for secondary school training. However, it was not just the trends that were going down; it was a cataclysmic drop, really. They had lost 24 per cent in the number of people over the last four or five years who were going into teacher training to study subjects that they could teach through the medium of Welsh. So, there was still a job of work to do to understand and to respond to those needs. What they were doing was first of all making sure that their ITE provision was world class, so that actually, Welsh centres were the place to go to train to be a teacher. They were also embarking on their first ever national ITE recruitment marketing exercise. And they had got new incentives, this year, both for people starting their course and then for teachers who complete their QTS after a year.
According to Kirsty Williams, there had been what looked like a trend in recent years in filling the places for secondary school training. However, it was not just the trends that were going down; it was a cataclysmic drop, really. They had lost 24 per cent in the number of people over the last four or five years who were going into teacher training to study subjects that they could teach through the medium of Welsh. So, there was still a job of work to do to understand and to respond to those needs. What they were doing was first of all making sure that their ITE provision was world class, so that actually, Welsh centres were the place to go to train to be a teacher. They were also embarking on their first ever national ITE recruitment marketing exercise.
According to Kirsty Williams, they were unique in the UK and, probably, unique in Europe, in the parity of the support that was available for full-time and part-time students. They were also embarking on their first ever national ITE recruitment marketing exercise, which would give them an alternative route that people can take to gain qualified teacher status and work in our schools. With regard to Newport, they are aware of concerns. The universities are required, under the Higher Education (Wales) Act 2015, to produce fee and access statements, and the £104 million that they have to take off their fees to be able to promote this work. They are also there to promote access and the opportunities for people to aspire to higher education. So, there is still a job of work to do to understand and to respond to those needs.
According to Kirsty, from the very outset of their ITE reforms, they had made it very clear that they expected very high standards in the ITE system, but the process was independent of this Government. They had confidence in the people who had been appointed by the EWC to undertake that process, but it was not appropriate for them to comment on that further. In terms of the overall numbers, they would be looking to commission from those institutions that have been accredited the number of training places that their planning tool says that we need.
From the very outset of the ITE reforms, Kirsty Williams had made it very clear that she expected very high standards in the system. The accreditation process, which was independent of the Government, demanded of ITE providers that their provision would be able to meet the goals of the curriculum. In terms of the overall numbers, they would commission from those institutions that had been accredited the number of training places that their planning tool said that they needed.
According to Kirsty Williams, currently, with the current providers, there is a significant geographical spread. There are centres here in the south-east, there are centres in the South-west, in mid Wales, and in north Wales. They do think that, for some students, accessibility is an issue, and of course that's why they are responding with our part-time PGCE route, which actually will be location neutral, because you will be able to study that as a distance learner, and so you can remain in your community and undertake that course. So, that's part of the attractiveness, I believe, of offering that to people.
According to Kirsty, they were not pursuing or urging a policy of mergers, but if individual institutions felt that was of benefit to them and their students, obviously, they would have an interest in that and making sure that they were robust plans, but that was a matter for individual institutions. From a financial point of view, they had £25 million for the merger. Are they satisfied that's value for money, and at this point in the 10-year plan, that things are going as they should, with incomes being squeezed across the sector? Kirsty Williams AM did not foresee them changing that policy.
Kirsty Williams did not have a burning desire or a set policy to try and pursue mergers. What he was in favour of was a healthy, strong and sustainable HE sector. If individual institutions wished to collaborate or, indeed, go further to a formal merger then, obviously, that was a matter for them. However, there was no pressure from the Government to pursue an agenda of mergers at this stage.
Kirsty Williams said that he was not aware of any disadvantage to Cardiff Met because they had a strong institution in Cardiff Met. However, there was some reconfiguration and they needed to understand any lessons that arose out of that. At this point in time, he did not foresee them changing that policy. He was heartened by some of the really interesting collaborative work that Cardiff Met were interested in doing, and new partnerships and new collaborations between institutions, whether that be Cardiff Uni or local colleges, which was to be welcomed.
According to Kirsty, they were keeping a close eye on things. They were listening and speaking to ColegauCymru, and also they were aware of what the unions were saying as well. And they were concerned, and this was where the Welsh Government did have a role, because the employers seemed to be using the funding issue as the reason not to have a reasonable settlement with staff. So, they had no idea where that settlement was likely to fall.
According to Eluned Morgan, the reason this had come about was because they had seen that pay settlement in relation to teachers' pay and they had had the consequential. The employers seemed to be using the funding issue as the reason not to have a reasonable settlement with staff. They had walked away from the table, they had said, 'One per cent, take it or leave it. Unless Welsh Government gives us any more money, that's the end of that.' And Eluned was really concerned about that, because this was potentially going to have an impact on whether they could recruit and retain staff in FE colleges. So, they were keeping a close eye on things.
Eluned Morgan thought that it was about ColegauCymru's negotiation, but they were keeping a close eye on the situation. When it came to the teachers' pay settlement, they had seen FE settlements in England and Scotland higher than what's on the table here. Therefore, they were concerned that the employers seemed to be using the funding issue as the reason not to have a reasonable settlement with staff. They needed to keep ensuring that, as they went forward and developed the policy, and as they developed the legislation, that parity of esteem and that true equality across all parts of the sector was realised.
This was the Children, Young People and Education Committee, and it was an evidence session with the Welsh Government in relation to the impact of the coronavirus pandemic on health and social services as they relate to children and young people in Wales. First of all, the Minister for Health and Social Services introduced that there had been no significant increases in the numbers of looked-after children, and the number of placement breaks were minimal. There were still some childcare providers who were falling between the cracks and weren't receiving financial support. However, they were working together with both health boards and their own knowledge and analytical services across the Government to further understand what that was and the difference. Also, there was very close contact between Welsh Government officials and the local authorities. In terms of provision of crisis care, the Fostering Network had extended its helpline hours, and Voices from Care had developed this particular offer of support for care leavers. The Welsh Government had also been looking at how that's provided on a phone or online basis where possible, because again the same concerns existed about physical contact with people.
According to Vaughan Gething, they still had seven-day-a-week crisis care. They were not part of the series of measures that they stopped within the health service on 13 March. They had also been looking at how that's provided on a phone or online basis where possible, because again the same concerns existed about physical contact with people. So, the service may have changed, but it still absolutely existed.
According to Vaughan Gething, the mental health recovery plan would of course be of very real importance to him. Not just on the work they had done in the past; not just because it was one of the key principles for the education Minister about the reopening of schools, but it was a real worry list for him about how we understood the impact on the mental and well-being of children and young people, and to move forwards, that we didn't end up with an entire generation of children who grow up with a range of damage because we hadn't thought about what that would look like.
Sian Gwenllian asked whether there had been a reduction in the capacity for CAMHS primary mental health services. Tracey Breheny answered that in terms of in-patient capacity, that was in the system in both the north Wales and in the south Wales unit at the moment. There were some discharges of young people, but they had had the assurance that that that was only undertaken where it was clinically safe to do so and where the community support was in place. In terms of telephone advice services, they had expanded the ability for people to access services in an online manner. They had also been looking at how that's provided on a phone or online basis where possible, because again the same concerns existed about physical contact with people.
According to Vaughan Gething, the Welsh Government had made an assessment of an increase in suicide crimes during the COVID-19 and because of this pandemic. They had commissioned, through the Government, the delivery unit to work with the national advisory group, including Dr Ann John and other people, to review the current, unexpected deaths during the start of the pandemic here in Wales, because they wanted to try to understand the wider concerns about the potential effects of the restrictions on the mental health and well-being of children and young people, and if that was leading to a spike in suicide or not. So, that's why they had commissioned that review to be carried out with the current numbers of unexpected deaths that they had, so they were able then to provide a report to understand where they were.
According to Vaughan Gething, they still had seven-day-a-week crisis care. They were not part of the series of measures that I stopped within the health service on 13 March. They had built up those crisis care services over a period of time, and the last thing they didn't want to see was to see them disappear during this period when there were well-understood concerns about emotional and mental health. So, they were looking to make sure that the progress wasn't lost that they had made. And they were also looking at how that's provided on a phone or online basis where possible, because again the same concerns existed about physical contact with people.
Vaughan Gething was impressed by the continuing commitment of the staff to deliver this service for women in what was a particularly uncertain time. However, at this point in the pandemic, he could not give an exact answer about what that meant for that in-patient provision. There were still seven-day-a-week crisis care. They were not services to be scaled down. They had built up those crisis care services over a period of time, and the last thing they wanted to see was to see them disappear during this period when there were well-understood concerns about emotional and mental health.
Julie Morgan thought that the most vulnerable children and young people should be prioritized. They were heavily reliant on the fees that parents paid and, of course, with the social distancing and the lockdown, this had meant that they had had to discourage children from attending. Therefore, they were working very closely with the third sector on issues such as support for fostering services, care leavers and repurposing funding so that they could support the crises.
Julie Morgan thought that it was difficult to monitor if there was not easy access to the children that they were referring to, and that's why they had been trying to encourage the vulnerable children to go into school or childcare settings. Also, there was very close contact between Welsh Government officials and the local authorities.
Julie Morgan mentioned that they had had quite a lot of contact with the fostering services. They were working very closely with the third sector on issues such as support for fostering services, care leavers and repurposing funding so that they could support the crises. They had also given support for various activities and things—have helped sometimes, I think, with broadband access and that sort of issue. In terms of residential care, Hillside was functioning well—no reporting issues. There were fewer children and young people there, so in fact, there had been an opportunity to give a great deal of attention to the children, and I think they've had very good reports about how that had happened.
According to Vaughan Gething, the Welsh Government had not introduced any easements in relation to children's services legislation. From a Welsh context, the standards that were in place do remain, so therefore there wouldn't have been a necessity for them to do a children's rights impact assessment. In terms of childcare and education, they were obviously looking at the provisions under the coronavirus Act to allow them to maybe ease some of the statutory requirements, and they were going to be undertaking a full suite of impact assessments on those. Also, there was very close contact between Welsh Government officials and the local authorities. They were working together with both health boards and their own knowledge and analytical services across the Government to further understand what that was and the difference.
Julie Morgan said that they were actually launching a survey of children. And this was to try to get from children their views of what's happened, what they've been doing, and their views on the whole COVID-19 situation. So, they were doing this in conjunction with the children's commissioner and with Young Wales and with the Youth Parliament.
Albert Heaney first said to the committee that they took a very strong line at the beginning that they weren't going to introduce easements in requirements to children's social services. From a Welsh context, the standards that were in place do remain, so therefore there wouldn't have been a necessity for them to do a children's rights impact assessment in relation to the primary legislation. In terms of childcare and education, they were obviously looking at the provisions under the coronavirus Act to allow them to maybe ease some of the statutory requirements, and they were going to be undertaking a full suite of impact assessments on those.
The meeting began with a brief update on the progress of the SmartKom data collection. The team was concerned that they were running out of disk space and needed to figure out how to fit more data into the existing system. They also wanted to know how much data they needed to store in the back-end of the system. The professor suggested that they could run a test on a smaller amount of data to get an idea of how much space they would need. The meeting ended with a discussion about how they could expand the meeting into a larger one.
Grad A informed the team that they were running out of space on the second disk. The team thought that they could hang scratch disks in the machine room. The problem with that was that they did not currently have a wire running to that back room that went anywhere near one of the ICSI routers.
Grad E informed the team that they were running out of space on the second disk. The team was only about thirty percent backed up on the first disk, so they needed to get another one. Grad E suggested that they could hang scratch disks on the machine room's spare drive bays.
The team was surprised to hear that Dave was leaving. He had volunteered to take over the task of setting up the new machines, but he was out of luck for the next ten days. The team thought that it would be a good idea to have a conversation with him about it.
The team discussed whether they should schedule more meetings. The professor suggested that they could alternate the focus of the meeting. The team agreed that they should do this every other week or whenever they feel like they need more disk space. They also discussed whether it would be a good idea to have a separate meeting for recognition.
The professor expressed that he was not in favor of more meetings. He thought that they should alternate the focus of the meeting. He suggested that they could do it every other week or whenever they feel like they.
The team thought that Dave Johnson would be out of town for a few days, so they could alternate the focus of the meeting. They also joked that they could use more disk space.
This was the kick-off meeting for the new television remote control project. Project Manager introduced the project plan from Real Reaction. The remote control would be original, trendy and friendly for young people. It would be compatible with all kinds of devices, including D-V-D players and stereo audio installations. Besides, the remote control should be made of rubber and not too big. The buttons should be not too small and the shape of the remote should be recognisable. Also, the buttons should have international recognisable buttons to make it easy to learn.
The group agreed to design a new television remote control with a trendy and modern design. They would make it compatible with everything they use, including stereo and DVD players. The remote control would have international recognisable buttons so that it would be easy to learn. Their profit aim was fifty million Euros.
User Interface suggested that the remote control should not be too big or too small, and the buttons should be made in round shapes to fit the hand. Industrial Designer proposed to make one button to switch between D-V-D player and TV and make the other buttons multi-functional or something. Project Manager suggested to make the buttons easy to learn and to have international recognisable buttons so that people in every country can recognise them.
The group agreed that it was important to look at the remote controls of their competitors and try to merge them into one universal remote control so that they could make it compatible with the new D-V-D player they were going to produce. They also agreed that the buttons should be different and familiar at the same time so that it would be easy to learn. They should not add too many buttons and make it clear that there are two functions for every button.
When discussing the color of the front of the remote control, the team agreed that it should not be too bright because young people often don't like bright colours or something. The remote control should be made of plastic or hard plastic and the buttons should be not too close together.
The group agreed that the buttons should be not too small, not too big and not too close together. They also agreed that there should be some space between the buttons to make it apparent that there were two functions for every button.
When discussing the group's plan of their marketing strategy, the product manager mentioned that they would have to sell fifty million units to achieve the expected profit. The profit aim was set at 25 Euros internationally and 12.5 Euros per unit of cost.
This meeting was the 12th meeting of the House of Commons Special Committee on the COVID-19 Pandemic. First on the list for presenting petitions was Ms. Leah May, who was in support of Bill S-204. The petitioners called on this House to take note of the fact that Canada was the only country with a universal health care system that did not include the provision of necessary prescription medications. They called on the House assembled to put in place a system of universal national pharmacare, bringing down the cost of drugs through bulk purchasing. Next, Mr. Bill Blair (Minister of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness) introduced that the government was always vigilant in any foreign interference in our national security or issues of political interference in the society. The government had the right protocols in place, and they would continue to work with the provinces and territories to ensure that they got the care and dignity they deserved. Finally, the meeting moved on to questions to ministers.
The opposition party argued that the Covid-19 crisis should not be used as an excuse to avoid presenting solutions to the missing and murdered indigenous women and girls committee, in particular by delaying action on the calls for justice. The Prime Minister argued that from the beginning of this pandemic, the government did need to move extremely quickly, and that's what they did. They also moved forward on the wage subsidy and a range of other programs to support workers and small businesses.
The opposition party and the Prime Minister commented about companies laying off workers in the midst of pandemic. The opposition party pointed out that a number of organizations and companies were facing difficulties because of COVID-19. People work for those organizations, as accountants, receptionists, assistants or labourers, and those people needed to be supported. The Prime Minister assured the opposition party that the government would continue to work to make sure people who needed the help get it.
Hon. Patty Hajdu (Minister of Innovation, Science and Industry) introduced that the federal government was committed to working with the provinces and territories to ensure that all across the country, Canadians in long-term care were supported as required and received the services and the care they deserved. However, the opposition party argued that the government was not doing enough to protect seniors.
Hon. Patty Hajdu said that all Canadians were shocked and horrified to hear about the conditions that existed in these particular care homes. The conditions of seniors as outlined by the military were appalling, but seniors needed more than just compassionate words. They needed action. While long-term care was provincially regulated, they knew that they needed to work together. The federal government would be there to support the provinces on making that happen.
Hon. Bill Morneau (Minister of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness) introduced that the government was always vigilant in any foreign interference in our national security or issues of political interference in the society. It was monitored carefully by the national security establishment, according to the law as it existed in this country, and they would remain vigilant. The government would continue to work with the provinces and the territories to ensure that every senior across the country was properly supported.
Hon. Bill Morneau (Minister of Finance) introduced that the government would be rolling out a series of measures to reduce the deficit, starting with the wage subsidy. Then they were going to deliver much-needed support to at-risk Canadians who lived in disadvantaged areas. The government would continue to be transparent with their measures.
Hon. Bill Morneau (Minister of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness) promised that the government would publish the objectives of any new trade agreement. However, the opposition party questioned whether the government had actually done that. The minister assured the committee that it had been doing this work and they would continue to do this work.
Hon. Marie-Claude Bibeau (Minister of Agriculture and Agri-Food) introduced that Canada had unprecedented access to a number of markets around the world because of the extraordinary agreements that the government had made to provide access to customers in those international markets. However, going forward post-COVID, there were a lot things that would be changing in supply chains. What was this government doing proactively to look at opportunities in these supply chains that Canadian businesses could take advantage of?
Hon. Patty Hajdu (Minister of Health) said that from the very beginning of the outbreak in early January they were aware of the challenges the health sector would face, and they immediately began to work with the provinces and territories to understand what the need would be and how they could best prepare. Since the government had enough supplies in the national emergency stockpile, it would not compromise the supply.
Hon. Bill Morneau (Minister of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness) said that the fight against tax evasion was a priority for the government. They would continue to target companies that used tax evasion schemes. During the pandemic, the government gave money to Air Canada, but Air Canada never reimbursed customers who did not get the services they paid for. The government responded that it was no big deal.
Hon. Patty Hajdu (Minister of Innovation, Science and Industry) introduced that the government was committed to working with the provinces and territories to ensure that every senior across the country was properly supported. However, the opposition party raised the issue of profit in long-term care facilities. The Prime Minister answered that the Constitution of Canada was not an excuse. It laid out the divisions of powers and responsibilities, and the government respected the provinces' jurisdiction over long-care facilities.
Hon. Patty Hajdu (Minister of Innovation, Science and Industry) introduced that the federal government was supporting the provinces in their need to make sure that all seniors were protected right across the country in all those institutions. While long-term care was provincially regulated, they knew that they needed to work together. The federal government would be there to work with the provinces on making that happen.
The meeting began with a brief update on the Aurora front-end and HTK back-end. The Aurora system performed better on TI digits than on far-mike digits, but the near-mikes performed worse using HTK. The team also discussed the Aurora VAD, which was not performing as well as they expected it to. The SRI system was performing better, but it was still not as robust as the Aurora system. The meeting ended with a discussion of the Aurora quals, which were scheduled for July 25.
The TORRENT team was two months away from being done with the chip. The team thought that they should wait for Sunil to complete the quals before doing the intermediate categorization.
Grad F said that he had just finished a section on talking about intermediate categories that he wanted to classify. He hoped to get this rough draft done by Monday so that he could give it to Morgan. The quals are happening on July 25.
Grad F thought that he had to come up with a complete set of intermediate features in intermediate categories to classify right away. He would start with a reasonable set of regular phonetic features and do some phone recognition. Then, he would run some tandem-style processing with intermediate classifiers using multi-band techniques.
Grad E reported that the SRI system had an improvement in word error rate, training on the TI-digits data set and testing on Meeting Recorder digits using PZM F. However, near-mike performance worsened. The team speculated that this might be due to problems with the arithmetic of phases.
The professor thought that it was possible that high-pass filtering, as Avendano and Hermansky did in the late eighties to reduce some of the effects of reverberation, was causing reverberation. He suggested that one way to deal with reverberation was to take very low-energy sections and set them to some low or near zero values. He also suggested that the processing for re-synthesizing should be restricted to trying to get it back to the original according to some equation.
PhD C thought that the mean subtraction seemed to make the PZM signals louder after they had been re-segmented. PhD C was curious as to why the signal was louder after processing, but PhD C did not know why. He thought that it might be because the system was dependent on the signal level.
This was the fourth meeting of the team. Project Manager went through the agenda, Industrial Designer, User Interface and Marketing each gave a presentation on the prototype of the remote. After that, the team evaluated the prototype by taking seven questions from the questionnaire. The team agreed that the remote was good-looking, but they had to adapt it to the costs. They also agreed to use titanium-coloured plastic for the back instead of titanium.
Industrial Designer and User Interface gave a presentation on the prototype. The prototype had a round shape with the company logo in the upper corner. The front was made of hard plastic, the front was of course totally titanium, and the back was of titanium, with the logo big in the middle. On the back of the device, there were two buttons, the Okay button and the Menu button. The voice recorder was at the bottom and the LCD screen was on the upper side. Besides, the prototype had buttons in different colours, bright colours not black, too dark and fancy colours.
The Industrial Designer and the Project Manager agreed that the advanced chip was needed to have an LCD screen. However, the User Interface pointed out that they only had one half left, so they had to change the chip back.
The Project Manager thought the prototype was fancy-looking and fancy-feeling because of the round shape and the titanium back. However, he did not like the shape of the front because it was too thick and the buttons were too large. The Project Manager also thought that the remote was not easy to use because it had too many buttons and the LCD screen was too big. The remote was also not user-friendly because it did not have a nice graphics program on the laptop.
When discussing product cost and quotation, the User Interface pointed out that titanium was the lowest price they could make a remote for that's trendy these days, so they had to use titanium-coloured plastic for the back. However, the Project Manager thought titanium was not good enough because they had curves in all directions and it was not practical to change the titanium to hard kind of plastic looking like titanium than lose the LCD screen.
When discussing product cost and quotation, the Industrial Designer pointed out that titanium was the lowest price they could make a remote for that's trendy these days, so it was not practical to replace the titanium with titanium-coloured plastic. However, the Project Manager insisted that the titanium was very important and they had to deal with it now.
The team thought the product was good-looking and fancy-feeling. It was made of titanium with the company logo in the middle and the titanium back. The team also agreed that it was easy to find if the device was lost. However, they had to cut down the number of buttons to make it easier to use. They also agreed to use titanium-coloured plastic for the back instead of titanium.
This meeting was about the detailed design of the remote control. First, Industrial Designer gave a presentation about the user interface concept. Then, Marketing presented on the market trends. The market research showed that younger people like dark colours, simple shapes, and familiar material. After that, User Interface gave his presentation on the buttons. The buttons were pretty standard, with scroll-wheels, left and right, up and down arrows, to do the volume and channel, and the menu menu button to man manipulate the LCD display.
User Interface suggested a yellow case with round edges and the company logo at the bottom. The power button to switch the television on and off, channels buttons, one to nine, and the button to choose higher channels than nine, volume and channel quadrants, left and right, up and down arrows, to do the volume and channels, and menu menu button to man manipulate the LCD display. Some buttons had icons like the play and stop, but they didn't use that.
User Interface recommended a yellow case with round edges and the company logo at the bottom. The power buttons were mostly at the top left or right and the arrows were blue. The menu button was okay with arrows.
The group discussed the buttons on the remote control, including the power button to switch the television on and off, the volume and channel quadrants, left and right, up and down arrows to do the volume, the menu and channel, the scroll and menu menu button to man manipulate the LCD display, and the menu button as a trigger. The group also discussed the shape of the buttons and the material of the case and the logo of the company. Then, the group talked about the buttons' size, shape, colour, and buttons' buttons' icons on the buttons.
Industrial Designer said that younger people preferred soft mat materials and primary colours. They also liked dark colours, and simple, recognisable shapes. In addition, the shape of the remote control should be curved so that it's easier to use.
Industrial Designer informed the team that the push-button requires a simple chip chip and a scroll wheel requires minimally a regular chip, which is a higher price range. The display requires a advanced chip which is more expensive than the regular chip.
Marketing made an investigation of the market by Trendwatchers and found that two groups, young and trendy and the old and rich, are starting to like fruit and vegetables as a theme for clothes, shoes, and also products. Moreover, the younger group like dark colours, and simple, recognisable shapes.
Industrial Designer first gave an indication of the cost difference between the chip with LCD and the one without LCD. The LCD was more expensive and the costs would get a lot higher. Then, Industrial Designer explained that the push-button requires a simple chip and a scroll wheel requires minimally a regular chip, which in turn is more expensive than the regular chip. After that, the team decided to use a normal battery instead of the kinetic.
The Children, Young People and Education Committee met to discuss the financial sustainability of the higher education sector in Wales. First of all, Bethan Owen introduced that the government had provided £3.5 million of separate funding specifically targeted to improve and increase collaboration between HE and FE. In addition, the sector had committed over £28 million of investment in student support-related activities from the fee and access plans, and that included, in many instances, bursaries that were designed to help students cope with the costs of accommodation and the cost of living more generally. Moreover, there was growth in that funding to allow those institutions and incentivise those institutions who had recruited more students than last year to continue to do so.
There were three main causes: one was the impact of the demographic dip of 18-year-olds, which was deeper and longer in Wales than it was elsewhere in the UK. Secondly, there was a pre-existing funding gap in resource between England and Wales, and even now, that was still the case. Thirdly, there were increased pension costs and, actually, increased costs generally. These challenges were not unique to Wales; the majority of the UK universities were actually taking out cost one way or another. They were taking out capacity; they were not cutting at fat now, they were cutting out core capacity. So, these were serious challenges for institutions to manage, but I think it was a managed situation.
Bethan Owen explained that there were also differences in the way that universities had secured funding for investing in their estates. Cardiff University had had a bond rather than borrowing, which they drew down as they were spending. In the short term, the reserves of Cardiff would appear as though they had significant cash balances, but all of those were restricted for investment in the estate and, over the next two or three years, would be utilised for that.
According to Bethan Owen, the government had provided £3.5 million of separate funding specifically targeted to improve and increase collaboration between HE and FE. In terms of the specifics at Lampeter, there had been an additional £6.6 million allocated for research very recently by the Government, which was a start, but that was not sustainable funding, and the government was expecting to see that requirement increase in the coming years. The government was also encouraging the sector, both the chairmen of the university councils, but also the vice-chancellors, to engage in a process of an independent review of governance in Wales.
The government was satisfied that each university's estates strategy and its financing was prudent and had appropriate governing-body oversight in place. However, if the institutions were wanting to engage in anything other than relatively trivial borrowing, they had to get the government's consent as well.
Dr David Blaney did not think that any governing bodies were exhibiting what might be considered to be an imprudent risk appetite, and this manifested itself in two ways. First, they would see this coming through in forecasts, and secondly, it would come through in requests for borrowings, predominantly. The institutions had been working very hard to try not to take cost out now that they really didn't have to take out, because they didn't want to reduce capacity, which they would struggle to recover again when the financial position improved. The challenge was all of us being clear what constitutes best practice.
The meeting discussed the need to include more people in risk management. Dr David Blaney explained that the institutions were seeing an increased risk profile in the sector in Wales, and it was about the financial pressures that they had already discussed this morning. The institutions had been working very hard to try not to take cost out now that they really didn't have to take out, because they didn't want to reduce capacity, which they would struggle to recover again when the financial position improved. The challenge was all of us being clear what constitutes best practice. Moreover, the governing bodies also included student representation, staff representation, who were typically union reps, and so, there were all sorts of interests that had to be managed within a governance context.
The direction of travel was that they were seeing an increased risk profile in the sector in Wales, and it was about the financial pressures that we had already discussed this morning. The amount of funding was always going to be under pressure; there was a demographic dip, and there were the other contextual factors we had discussed. And the institutions had been working very hard to try not to take cost out now that they really didn't have to take out, because they didn't want to reduce capacity, which they would struggle to recover again when the financial position improved. So, they were being as responsible as they could expect them to be in this.
Bethan Owen thought that the direction of travel was that they were seeing an increased risk profile in the sector in Wales, and it was about the financial pressures that they had already discussed this morning. The institutions had been working very hard to try not to take cost out now that they really didn't have to take out, because they didn't want to reduce capacity, which they would struggle to recover again when the financial position improved. They were seeing deficits, which were managed deficits, where they were spending more than their income in order just to keep the capacity in. So, they were being as responsible as we could expect them to be in this. And that's where they're going to stick.
Both Ian Diamond and Graeme Reid were very clear about the importance of being able to invest in QR research funding, for a number of reasons. The capacity of the sector to respond to funding opportunities elsewhere in the UK and across the rest of the world was itself determined by the size and the strength of the research base, which was sustained by QR funding. The reason the sum hasn't increased is because they haven't had enough money to be able to increase it and still meet the obligations they had to other bits of the HE system.
According to Graeme Reid, there was a very close correlation between QR funding and capacity to generate funding from other sources. The capacity of the sector to be able to respond to funding opportunities elsewhere in the UK and across the rest of the world was itself determined by the size and the strength of the research base, which was sustained by QR funding.
According to Bethan Owen, when they look at the funding that comes into the sector in Wales, compared with the rest of the UK, it's easy to see from the figures that their percentage of income that comes from research is smaller than in England, so the figures show that they receive less of the money that's available, which is a factor that results from us having less QR as a percentage. In 2019-20, there will be allocations specifically for this. They have provided funding in 2017-18 and 2018-19 to WISERD Education, which was a research collaboration between a number of the Welsh universities, specifically looking at educational issues, and they're providing additional funding to that to add value to the Welsh Government's existing evaluation of the progress of pioneer schools in developing the three-to-15 curriculum in Wales.
According to Dr David Blaney, the Reid review had done a lot of the heavy lifting in terms of an impact assessment for them. Of course, this was going to have a far-reaching impact on future research. The challenge was finding the money, and they fully understood that. There had been an additional £6.6 million allocated for research very recently by the Government, which was a start, but that was not sustainable funding, and it was a good and welcome start. There might be others to come, but they were not yet in a position to say.
This was the last meeting of the strawberry remote control detail design team. First of all, the team presented the prototype of the remote control. It was a working prototype with two buttons and a jog dial for controlling the cursor on the LCD screen. Next, the group evaluated the prototype according to the criterion and the average value was given. The final score was 2.7 out of 7.
Marketing and Industrial Designer first presented the technical specifications of the prototype. Then, User Interface presented the working prototype with buttons and a jog dial for controlling the cursor on the LCD screen. After that, the team evaluated the prototype based on its technical specifications, including its size, shape, colour, function, location finder, speech recognition, location finding, and chip on print. Finally, the group discussed the budget of the remote control and decided to stick to titanium because it was the most practical material.
The design of the remote control was robust and flexible. It covered all the end goals and could be used for different personal use. It was also more secure to leave it with children and that it was not curved. Besides, it was more convenient to use because it was only two buttons and a jog dial for controlling the cursor on the LCD screen. Also, it had speech recognition, location finding and location finder and it could also do the action using speech recognizer.
The industrial designer recommended to stick to titanium because it was the most modern material and it was fruit-smelling spongy. Besides, titanium was the best material for the remote control.
Marketing first presented the prototype of the remote control. Then, Industrial Designer and User Interface gave some technical specifications. Finally, Marketing listed all the criterion on the scale from one to seven. After that, Project Manager asked the team to give an average score to each criterion. The average score was 2.7 out of 7.
Marketing first reminded the team that usefulness was much less important than fanciness. Then, Industrial Designer pointed out that two main functions of the remote control would be on LCD screen, while the other functions were on LCD. Therefore, the team decided to give two points on usefulness when doing product evaluation.
The project manager was not satisfied with the colour of the LCD screen and the shape of the case. He thought that the strawberries on the top of the remote control were not useful.
The group discussed the cost of the product. The price of the remote control was 12.5 USD, which was twelve and a half. The group decided to cut two or three things from the price, including the battery, the chip, the location finder, and the chip on print. They also decided to use titanium as the material for the case, because it was the most modern material and it would be cheaper. The team also agreed to use a single curve instead of a double curve.
The user interface designer recommended to do some research in the field of producing energy from mechanical eng to produce electricity from mechanical energy so that the remote control could produce enough energy without the need for a battery.
This meeting was about the conceptual design of the remote control. First, the group had a look at the last meeting and decided that the remote should be fancy looking and good-looking. Then, they discussed the material of the front and back, the LCD screen, the buttons for screen width and general settings and that kind of stuff. After that, they talked about the buttons and decided to use titanium as the material for the front because it was cheaper than plastic. Finally, they decided to add a recording recording button for the speech part.
Marketing's presentation mainly focused on the trend trends, latest fashion updates, and things they must not do. The trends were fancy looking and good-looking. The feel of the material was expected to be strong. Also, the menus and things like that they had to feel great. In terms of the trend-watching, Marketing mentioned that the group they were targeting was very pleased with fruit and vegetables.
Industrial Designer's presentation mainly focused on the components design of the remote control. The remote control would be made of titanium, rubber, electrical cables, copper, and chips made of silicon. The buttons would be simple push buttons, and the LCD screen would be placed at the lower end of the device. In terms of the appearance, Industrial Designer suggested that the remote should be as round as possible and the slogan should be made in a fruity shape. In addition, he suggested to use a more advanced chip, which was more complex and expensive, but worth the trouble.
User Interface's presentation was mainly about the LCD screen and the speech recognition system. The LCD screen should be positioned at the lower end of the remote, for the learnability and to keep it recognisable. The buttons for screen width and general settings and that kind of stuff should also be shown in the LCD instead of extra buttons.
The group agreed that the LCD screen should be positioned at the lower end of the remote, and the buttons for screen width and general settings and that kind of functions should be shown in the LCD instead of extra buttons. They also agreed to use a more advanced chip, which was more complex and expensive, but it was worth the trouble. The group also decided to use titanium as the material for the front and the back.
The group agreed that the slogan from the company should be put on the back of the remote control and the logo should be on the front side. They also decided that the remote should be made of titanium and the LCD screen should be placed at the lower end.
Industrial Designer suggested to use a basic battery instead of kinetic or dynamos because they were not practical inside a house. However, Project Manager pointed out that the basic battery was not very practical in a house, so they could use a more advanced chip, which was more complex and expensive. Then the group discussed the material of the control and decided to use titanium because it was more expensive than other materials.
Project Manager started the meeting by introducing the new remote control project. The remote control had to be original, trendy and user friendly. Then, the team got acquainted with each other by drawing their favourite animals on the whiteboard. After that, the group discussed the design of the remote control. The team agreed that it should be child-proof, child-friendly and adaptable. They also agreed to keep two switches and then only make one working. Finally, they agreed to have a targeted remote control for the international market.
The group agreed that the remote control should be child-proof, not too big and not too many buttons. Also, it should be one colour and suitable for children.
When discussing the buttons size and scale design, the team agreed that the remote control should be not too big and not too small. The team also agreed that it should be aimed at children.
The team decided that the remote control should be small and adaptable. It should not be too big or too large, but without any extremes. The off button should be at the top right, and it should be child-proof. For standard actions, it should only change channels, adjust volume, and nothing else.
The team agreed that the remote control should be child-proof. It should be small and not too big. It had to be robust so that when the child threw it away, she would not find it. It could change colours so that it could be different from other remote controls.
The group agreed that the remote control should be child-proof. It had to be robust so that when the child threw it away, it would not be easily lost. It should be made of plastic so that it could be easily removed from the frame.
When discussing the appearance design of the remote control for children, the Industrial Designer pointed out that it was not practical to have a colourful remote control because nobody had colourful remote controls at that time. The Industrial Designer suggested that they could change the colour of the frame.
This is the first meeting of the design project. Project Manager introduced the project and the team members got to know each other a little bit more through drawing animals on the whiteboard. Then, the team discussed the overall budget for the project. The team agreed that the remote control would be priced at 25 Euros each and produced at a maximum cost of 12.5 Euros. They also agreed to design a menu-based remote control that was less crowded than the usual ones.
The group agreed that the design goal of the new remote control should be to be original, trendy and user-friendly. They also agreed that it should be a little less crowded than this, so that users could do all kinds of things with the remote control.
When discussing the target price, target cost and target profit of the remote control, the team agreed that they should aim for a profit of fifty million Euros. To achieve this goal, they need production costs of maximum twelve and a half Euro so that they can reach that profit target.
The Industrial Designer thought that the remote control should be trendy, user-friendly and original so that it could provide some features that were quite unique to this remote control. The Industrial Designer compared the new generation phones with the ones that didn't actually have buttons on them and that they were kind of Buddhist in a way.
The group agreed that the remote control should be original, trendy and user-friendly. They also agreed that there should be only one button for a menu or something, so that people only need to go to the menu if they really need to do that.
The Marketing pointed out that most of the buttons on the remote control were not used ninety percent of the time, so there was no need to have buttons on it to do that. Instead, one button for a menu or something could be added if users really needed to go and do that, rather than everybody else having to have those buttons.
Industrial Designer thought that every now and then the remote control needed to be replaced, but he did not think that it was a huge problem for remote controls anyway. User Interface thought that the design should not be too far away from the usual ones, otherwise the new users would have a lot of problems.
The the team was recording for the first time and the recording was not very good. There was a bug in the recording that was causing the channel to get slightly asynchronized. The team thought that they could down-sample the recordings to see if that would affect the results. They also wanted to know if they could use a different set of headphones for the recording of the same speech.
The team was pleased with the progress they had made so far with the microphone data collection. The team was also excited about the progress that they were making with the recognition results. However, the team was concerned that their results were based on data which had not been reviewed by the subjects.
The team agreed that the microphone should be set at the corner of the mouth and that the boom should not be too high. The team also agreed that they should not down-sample the recordings.
The team agreed that the wireless microphone should be adjusted to the corner of the mouth. The team also agreed to get nine identical head-mounted crown mikes, which would be three hundred fifty dollars each. They would also have to get a tuner the receiver the other end, which was four thirty.
The meeting was primarily about the current state of the semantic specification of the language. The team discussed the syntax of the constructions and how to link them together. The professor explained that the current syntax was only slightly more stable than it was before, and that further work would be necessary to make it more stable. The group also discussed the semantics of the construction of the word "classifier". The professor pointed out that there were a lot of ambiguities in the current construction, and it was hard to know exactly what the focus was. The focus of a construction was not always clear, but it was important to know what it was.
The team discussed the various ways that the constructions could be related to each other. The discussion ended with a generalization of the distinction between "classifier", "entity", and "function", and a discussion of how to link them together. The team also discussed how to specify the information structure focus of the sentence and how to deal with semantic constraints.
The semantic specification is a combination of two parts. The first is a revised construction formalism. The second is an updated version of the original semantic specification. The former was a list of various slots from which the constructions could be drawn in order to paint a picture of the relation. The constructions are either static or dynamic, and different X-schemas use them in a way that is neutral with respect to that. The distinction between static and dynamic constructions depends on the context. For instance, in the first case, the first person to do something should be an agent of some kind, often a human, whereas in the second case, it should be a different agent.
The mental spaces would be structured according to the context of the utterance. For instance, time and space would have a slot for setting time and setting place, and there would be relative things that relate the event in time and place to where you are now. The construction that you actually get is just a cue as to which one of those things that you've already got going is supposed to add structure to the sentence.
The domains in the mental spaces are related to time and space. There is a slot for setting time and setting place, and there are relative things that relate the event in time and time to where you are now.
The meeting began with a brief review of the current state of the model. The team was concerned that the model was not performing as well as they expected it to. The professor suggested that they should focus on finding other kinds of training targets. The model was performing better on multi-band, multi-language, and multi-lingual, but not as well on the other languages. The group also discussed how they could further improve the model by adding more features to the model, such as delta and on-line normalization. The meeting ended with the team discussing the future direction of the project.
The team thought that the model performed better on TIMIT, multi-English, and multi-Spanish than on other languages. The difference was mainly due to the difference in error rate between the different training sets. The team also found that the difference between the two nets was due to a language dependency and a noise dependency. The professor thought that they should focus on finding other kinds of training targets to improve the model.
The professor thought that the model performed better on multi-linguistic digits than on TIMIT and multi-language digits. He thought that it was not clear why the model did not perform as well on the target task. The team should focus on finding other kinds of training targets to improve the model.
PhD A thought that the model performed better on TIMIT and multi-English than on other languages. However, the gap between the different training sets was still significant. PhD A was not completely convinced that the difference was due to the MLP. He thought that it was something in the MSG process that was causing the problem.
The team discussed the current state of the model and some potential directions for future work. The professor wanted to know what the team could do to further improve the model. The team thought that they could focus on multi-band MLP trainings. They also wanted to further explore the role of LDA in the model, as well as learning more about the model's noise dependency.
The professor thought that MSG was a good addition to the model because it had different temporal properties. However, he did not think it was necessary for the model to be trained on target digits.
The team thought that they were making good progress on their model. The model performed better on TIMIT, multi-band, and multi-language, but the gap between the different training sets was still too big. They were also working on a large dat database containing sentences from the French, Spanish, and Italian digits. The team was focusing on training their model on larger contexts, like TIMIT and TIMIT-based languages. They have also started feature combination experiments using features and net outputs together.
This meeting was mainly about the technical functions design of the remote control. First of all, the Industrial Designer made a presentation on how remote controls work. The remote control sends message to another system through an integrated circuit, which is the microchip. A user interface controls the chip, basically that's the casing and the buttons and accordingly the messages as well. Then, the User Interface Developer gave a brief presentation on the requirements of the product, including the need to be universal and operate several different types of devices. After that, the Marketing gave a presentation about the usability test. The market research showed that most users would not use most of the functions because they didn't know how to use them and didn't wanna take the time to learn how to do it. The marketing also found that the worst thing about a remote is how often they lose it.
User Interface proposed to revolutionise the idea of a remote control by using a simple formatted display for the user to work with. Industrial Designer suggested to use a plastic built remote control with a high grade recycled plastic. Marketing proposed to incorporate some of the ideas that they had previously like having multiple face but it was not feasible.
The Project Manager agreed with Marketing when discussing his personal ideas towards the design of the remote control. He pointed out that most people were used to using changing the channel, turning on the television, turning it on, using the volume, and turning off the TV, and most people did not need to press a button for the remote to turn on. Besides, he thought that a voice recognition function would be a good idea and it would help the battery life too. However, it would be hard to implement because there would be too many competitors out there that do that so Marketing suggested that they should look into the younger demographic.
The group discussed the basic functions of the remote control such as changing the channel, turning it on, turning off, volume, and paging. They also talked about the number of buttons on the remote and how they could make the remote more user-friendly. Finally, the group talked about voice recognition and how it could be combined with the locator device and the voice recognition technology.
When discussing the design of the functions and buttons of the remote control, the Project Manager put forward to cut down the functions because most users would not use most of them because they didn't know how to use them and didn't wanna take the time to learn how to do it. Also, he pointed out that most people would not want their remote to boot up and to see flashing things come on because they would be using it to connect up to things anyway.
The Project Manager mentioned that the members of the team would be responsible for the design of the materials of the remote control. The Industrial Designer suggested that they should use plastic as opposed to metal because the company could not afford this kind of lawsuits. The User Interface Developer proposed to use high-grade recycled plastic and the Project Manager agreed. However, the Industrial Designer pointed out that the company would have to evaluate what's most important before making the final decision.
The group agreed that the remote control should be in red and black with the company logo on it. They also agreed that it should be made of plastic as opposed to metal because the company could not afford this kind of lawsuits.
This meeting was the seventh meeting of the Special Committee on the COVID-19 Pandemic. The meeting began with petitions from members, and then the meeting moved on to questions from the opposition party members. Hon. Pat Kelly (Leader of the Government in the House of Commons) introduced that over 200,000cases of suspected fraud had been identified in the benefit applications. The Prime Minister stated that the government would not allow any company that had been convicted of tax evasion to have access to these funds, and would carefully evaluate on an ongoing basis to make sure that companies remain eligible for this support based on their continuing investment in Canada. The opposition party also raised the issue of the financial impact of the pandemic on the Canadian economy, and the Prime Minister said that it was unacceptable.
The Prime Minister said that the priority in this situation was getting money out to the millions of Canadians who needed it as quickly as possible, but of course fraud was unacceptable. That's why the government had put safeguards in place to ensure that anyone who received that money fraudulently would have to repay it. The government would continue to work very hard to fill gaps for people who should get money but haven't been able to, and, as I said, we had strong measures to counter fraud.
The Minister of Seniors said that a total of 7.7million Canadians have received the Canada emergency response benefit, which is absolutely essential for seniors. In terms of other areas of the economy, they are working with the federal and provincial counterparts to make sure that they can do so in collaboration with them.
The Prime Minister said that beginning Friday, students in Quebec and Canada would be able to apply for the Canada emergency student benefit, which was a good thing. When they applied, they would all be directed to a job bank that would make sure they knew what jobs were available to get not only the money they needed, but also the experience they needed for their future, while helping the society in this crisis. Students can be part of it, but at the same time they must provide the necessary support for those who can't find a job.
Hon. Navdeep Bains said that over 590,000 small business loans have been issued, and that's a testament to the design of the program. Since this crisis began, they have been helping entrepreneurs in all sectors. We began with measures to assist small, medium and large companies, and we are now going progressively sector by sector. In terms of other areas of the economy, we are working with our federal and provincial counterparts to make sure that we can do so in collaboration with them.
Hon. Bill Morneau (Minister of Finance) said that Canada came into this crisis with a very strong fiscal position, and of course they would experience challenges as they move forward, but they believed that they should experience those challenges as we support Canadians. They remained committed to doing, as they've said, whatever it takes to support Canadians through this challenging time.
Hon. Navdeep Bains said that the government had demonstrated flexibility and nimbleness in the eligibility criteria by decreasing the payroll threshold for individual companies that want to apply for this loan to $20,000 versus $50,000, and the upper limit had gone to $1.5 million versus $1 million. The eligibility criteria to compare to the first two months of this year now also compared to the previous year as well. Since this crisis began, we have been helping entrepreneurs in all sectors. We have focused particularly on small businesses to make sure they have the appropriate support they need. We are continuing to bring forward the changes necessary to have more businesses
Hon. Navdeep Bains said that the government had taken significant measures with respect to tourism, agriculture and regional development. Since this crisis began, they had not hesitated to implement strong and speedy measures to support more Canadians. In terms of other areas of the economy, they were working with the federal and provincial counterparts to make sure that they could do so in collaboration with them.
The meeting began with a brief update on the Aurora project. The team discussed some of the plans they were working on. The professor wanted to know how they could improve the performance of the back-end recognizer for the Aurora task and see how that affects things. They also discussed the downsampling problem they were facing and how to deal with it. They discussed the length of the filters they were using to train the models and the effect of other speech on the model performance. Finally, the team discussed how to better coordinate between the two sides of the task.
PhD B informed the team of a researcher at A T-andT who was trying to do speech recognition from acoustic features using a sonorant detector. The team was interested in learning more about this method and how it could be applied to their model.
The professor thought that clustering was a good idea, but he was not sure how it would work. He thought that the decision about how strongly to train the different pieces was based on a reasonable criterion with hidden variables rather than just assuming that you should train every detector with equal strength towards it being this phone or that phone.
The professor recalled a researcher at A T-andT who was trying to do speech recognition from these kinds of features. He was using the pattern of pressure on the tongue or something like that. He had doubts about the data since he had not seen the data.
PhD B wanted to do an experiment to see how the back recognizer for the Aurora task would perform. He started by looking at a pronunciation dictionary for Italian digits and then moved on to looking at the HTK back-end in order to improve it. The team then discussed the length of the filters and how they could be made shorter.
PhD B wanted to do an experiment to see what would happen if they tried to improve the performance of the back-end recognizer for Aurora. PhD B started by looking at the HTK system for the Italian data and got the same results that Stephane had. He then went on-line and found a pronunciation dictionary for Italian digits and looked at the number of phones in each one of the digits.
The professor thought that the best way to improve the back recognizer for the Aurora task was to use a soft target embedded neural net. He suggested that they could start with the original system trained on mel cepstral features and then optimize the HTK system and run that again.
The meeting was about the design of the new remote control. First, the team members had to make a small painting of their favourite animals. Then, the group discussed the budget of the remote control, which was 25 Euros. After that, they had to think about what they would make. Industrial Designer proposed that the remote should be bust-free, not too heavy, and buttons not too small. From a marketing point of view, it should be compatible with other things. And the LED on the corner should indicate that it's working.
Industrial Designer thought that the goal of a remote control is that it has an influence on the TV set. User Interface thought that it controls the channels and the volume. Big buttons are easier to use than small buttons.
Industrial Designer proposed to put an LED on the corner of the remote so that users would know that it still had batteries in it. User Interface proposed to have big buttons on the remote control so that customers would know what they were working for.
This was the functional design meeting of the new remote control project. First of all, Industrial Designer gave a presentation about the working design of the remote control. Then, Marketing presented on the target audience and the requirements of the project. The first requirement was that the remote should be user-centred and the second was that it should be compatible with the new DV-D and other releases. The third requirement was to reach people under the age of thirty years. Finally, the group decided to make some decisions about the functions.
Marketing first gave a presentation on functional requirements. The first finding was that seventy-five percent of the current users thought most controls were ugly. Therefore, it was very important to design a nice looking remote control. Next, Marketing presented on what people disliked about the current remote controls and what they did use. The marketing suggested that the buttons for the common tasks should be big or flashy. Then, the marketing presented on the most important issues. The most important issue was that the remote control should be user-friendly. The market research showed that more money would be spent on better looking
Project Manager thought that the manual design should be consistent with older remotes because most people did not read manuals. Project Manager also pointed out that the learning curve should be very short for the dumbest people should be able to use it.
Marketing thought LCD screens were more reachable than speech recognition. However, Industrial Designer pointed out that it was not yet a standard development and research was very costly. So the group decided to look into the costs of those later. The group also agreed that the LCD screen should be at the top of the remote control and the power button should be put at the bottom.
Industrial Designer first gave a presentation about the basic function of the remote control. The remote control was basically just waiting for a user to press a key and the key sent a signal to a chip, the chip senses the connection and recognizes the key. The chip produced Morse code to indicate that specific button that was pressed, and it used transistors in the remote controls to amplify and to send that signal again to the LED, which was the bulb. The LED produced an infrared beam and signals the infrared beam to the sensor on the TV set. The LCD screen was a bit more expensive than the basic calculator design, with the scrolling text and that kind of thing, so the group decided to use LCD instead. Then the group discussed the layout of the buttons. The group agreed to put the power button, setting buttons, LCD window, the number buttons, and the buttons on the side of the front. They decided to keep the most important buttons at the top and to put them in the middle.
When discussing the technical function design, User Interface pointed out that there were two target audiences, the younger one and the engineering-centred one. The younger one had a high interested in features and the older one was more critical. So User Interface thought they would use more or need more buttons than the current one because of the requirements.
The group agreed that the LCD screen on top of the remote was more reachable than the speech recognition because it was more recognisable. However, it was expensive and it was difficult to realise because research was very costly. Also, it might be difficult for the remote to sell in multiple countries. Therefore, the group decided to keep it at the bottom because most remotes have some space left at the top, and that way the shape would be recognizable for everybody.